Al-Zaman : American forces killed Shaikh Abdullah al-Ani, the preacher at the mosque in the town of Qaim, near the Syrian border.
- al Zaman : forces American killed Shaikh Abdullah al - Ani , the at preacher the mosque in town Qaim the of , near the Syrian border .
Zaman al - American forces : killed Shaikh Abdullah - al Ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of Qaim near the , border Syrian .
[This killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come.]
[ This killing a respected of cleric be causing will trouble us for years to come . ]
[ killing This a of respected will cleric be causing us trouble for years to come . ]
DPA: Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad.
DPA Iraqi : authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist operating in cells Baghdad .
DPA : Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 cells terrorist operating in Baghdad .
Two of them were being run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the Interior!
Of two them were being run by 2 officials of the Ministry of Interior the !
Two of them were being run 2 by of officials Ministry the of the ! Interior
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI, so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s.
The MoI in is equivalent Iraq the to US , FBI so be this would like having J . Edgar unwittingly Hoover employ at high a level members of Weathermen the bombers back the in 1960s .
The MoI in Iraq to is equivalent the FBI US so , this would like be having J . Edgar Hoover at employ unwittingly a level high members of the Weathermen back bombers in the 1960s .
The third was being run by the head of an investment firm.
The third was being run by the head investment of firm an .
The was third being by run the head an of investment firm .
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets.
Wonder you if was he the manipulating market with his bombing targets .
Wonder you if he was manipulating with the market his bombing targets .
The cells were operating in the Ghazaliyah and al-Jihad districts of the capital.
The were cells operating in Ghazaliyah the and al - Jihad districts of the capital .
The cells were operating the in Ghazaliyah al and Jihad - districts of capital the .
Although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells, I don't find the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the Iraqi government very hopeful.
The although announcement was probably to show made progress in identifying up and breaking terror cells , I don ' find t that the news Baathists the continue to penetrate Iraqi the government very hopeful .
The although was announcement probably made to show progress in identifying and up breaking terror cells , I don ' t find the that news the Baathists to continue penetrate government the Iraqi very . hopeful
It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam.
It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly for the other working side Vietnam in .
It me too reminds much the of officers ARVN who secretly were working for the other side in . Vietnam
Al-Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul.
Al - Zaman : Guerrillas a killed member of the Kurdistan Democratic after Party him in Mosul kidnapping .
Al - Zaman : Guerrillas killed member a of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after him kidnapping in . Mosul
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in Mosul, whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings.
The police of Ninevah commander Province announced that bombings had declined percent 80 in Mosul , there whereas had been a jump big in the of number kidnappings .
The of police commander Ninevah Province announced bombings that had declined 80 percent Mosul in , whereas there had been big a jump in the number of . kidnappings
On Wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his wife while they were on their way home.
On Wednesday guerrillas had a kidnapped surgeon his cosmetic and wife while they were on their home way .
On guerrillas had Wednesday kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his while wife they were on their way home .
In Suwayrah, Kut Province, two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated.
Suwayrah , in Province Kut two , car bombs were before discovered they could be detonated .
In suwayrah , Kut Province , two car bombs were before discovered they detonated could be .
(Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population, who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in.
( Kut is southeastern in and Iraq has an overwhelmingly Shiite , population who are the on lookout for saboteurs Baathist and willingly them turn in .
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has overwhelmingly Shiite an population who are , on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs willingly and them turn in .
This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center-north of the country.)
This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings the in as the south opposed to center - north of the country . )
This is willingness main the difference in the of number bombings in the as south opposed to the - center of north country the . )
In Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain, assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah University, was assassinated with his driver in the Salikh district.
Baghdad in Talal Husain Kadhim , dean at assistant the School of Education at University Mustansiriyah , was with assassinated his in driver the Salikh district .
In Kadhim Baghdad Talal Husain , assistant dean the School at Education of at Mustansiriyah University , was assassinated his with driver in the district Salikh .
Guerrillas killed an engineer, Asi Ali, from Tikrit.
Killed guerrillas engineer an , Asi Ali , Tikrit from .
Guerrillas an killed engineer , Ali Asi , from . Tikrit
They also killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit.
Killed they also Hamid Shaikh ' Akkab , clan a of elder a branch of the Dulaim tribe Tikrit in .
They also killed Shaikh Hamid ' Akkab , a elder clan a of of branch the tribe Dulaim in Tikrit .
His mother was also killed in the attack.
Was his mother also killed in the attack .
Mother his was killed also in the attack .
Two other Dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half.
Two other Dulaim have leaders killed in been the week past and a half .
Two other Dulaim leaders been have killed the in past week half and a .
Guerrillas near Hawijah launched an attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi soldiers.
Guerrillas near launched Hawijah an attack that left 6 dead including , 4 Iraqi soldiers .
Launched guerrillas near Hawijah an attack left that 6 dead , including 4 Iraqi soldiers .
One of them was from the Jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the Hawijah garrison.
Of one them was from the Jubur was tribe and deputy of commander Hawijah the garrison .
Of one them was from tribe the Jubur and was deputy commander of the Hawijah garrison .
Two hundred members of the Batawi clan of the Dulaim demonstrated in Baghdad on Friday, protesting the killing of their clan elder, Shaikh Kadhim Sarhid and 4 of his sons, by gunmen wearing Iraqi army uniforms.
Hundred two members of Batawi the clan the of demonstrated Dulaim in Baghdad on , Friday protesting the killing of their clan elder , Shaikh Kadhim Sarhid and 4 of his sons , by wearing gunmen Iraqi . army uniforms
Two members hundred the of clan of Batawi the Dulaim in Baghdad demonstrated on Friday , the protesting killing of their clan elder , Shaikh Kadhim Sarhid and 4 of sons his , gunmen by wearing army Iraqi uniforms .
(This is a largely Sunni Arab clan, and some Sunni observers have accused Shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination; it is more likely the work of Sunni Arab guerrillas punishing the Batawi leaders for cooperating with the Dec. 15 elections.)
( is This a largely Arab Sunni clan , some and observers Sunni have accused Shiite elements in government the of behind being assassination the ; it is likely more the work of Sunni Arab guerrillas punishing the Batawi for leaders with cooperating the Dec . 15 elections . )
( This is a largely Sunni Arab clan , and Sunni some have observers accused Shiite elements in government the of being assassination behind the ; it more is likely the of work Sunni Arab guerrillas the punishing Batawi leaders for cooperating with Dec the . elections 15 . )
Al-Zaman : The Iraqi High Electoral Commission on Friday denied a request of the Debaathification Commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the Dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in Baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office.
Al Zaman - : The Iraqi High Electoral Commission on Friday denied a request of the Debaathification Commission to exclude from 51 individuals running party lists on in the Dec . elections 15 on of grounds having sufficiently been involved Baath in activities to their warrant being excluded from civil office .
Al - Zaman : The Iraqi Electoral High Commission on Friday denied a request of Debaathification the Commission exclude to 51 individuals from running on party lists in the Dec . 15 elections grounds on of having been sufficiently in involved activities Baath to warrant being their excluded civil from office .
The Commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion.
Commission the said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion .
The Commission said it no had legal for grounds such exclusion an .
This item is a small one and easily missed.
Item this is a one small and missed easily .
This is item small a one and missed easily .
But in my view it is highly significant.
In my but view it is highly significant .
But my in view it highly is significant .
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard, and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas.
Debaathification the Commission had pushed been by Chalabi Ahmad and Iraqi his Congress National very hard , had and pushed many Sunni Arabs the into of arms guerrillas the .
Debaathification the Commission been had pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National very Congress hard , and had many Sunni into pushed Arabs the arms of the guerrillas .
Chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within Iraq, however, despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehran.
Chalabi has been marginalized increasingly within Iraq , however , his despite ties clientelage of with and Washington Tehran .
Has chalabi been increasingly marginalized within Iraq , however despite , his of ties clientelage with Washington Tehran and .
He is no longer in the dominant Shiite list, the United Iraqi Alliance, and won't have many seats in the new parliament.
He is longer no in the dominant Shiite list , the United Iraqi , Alliance and won ' have t seats many the in new . parliament
Is he no longer the in Shiite dominant , list the United Alliance Iraqi , and won ' have t seats many in the parliament new .
Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months, something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have.
Some 2 , 000 junior of officers old the army Baath have recalled been to in duty months recent , something would Chalabi have blocked could if he have .
Some 2 , junior 000 officers of the Baath old army been recalled have duty in to months recent , something Chalabi have would blocked he if could have .
Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership.
The now Electoral is Commission refusing to punish people mere for past Baath membership Party .
The now Electoral is Commission refusing to people punish for mere Baath past Party membership .
The situation in Iraq is only going to get better this way.
The situation Iraq in is only going get to better way this .
The situation in is Iraq only going to get this better . way
If someone committed a crime against humanity, prosecute the person.
If someone a committed crime humanity against , prosecute the . person
Someone if committed crime a humanity against , prosecute the person .
If he or she did not, then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis.
If he or she did not , should then they have all the rights same as other Iraqis .
Or if he did she not then , they have should all the same rights as other Iraqis .
Al-Sharq al-Awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail has died.
- al Sharq - al Awsat that reports a key eyewitness in the of Saddam trial Hussein a for 1982 massacre at Dujail died has .
Al - Sharq al - reports Awsat that a key eyewitness in trial the of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 at has massacre Dujail died .
A team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died.
From a team the court to managed take his deposition he before died .
A team from court the to managed his take deposition before he . died
The trial begins again Nov.28.
The trial begins Nov again . . 28
The again trial begins Nov . 28 .
In Baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas, mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiya.
Baghdad in fighting the still continues in areas several mostly , in Sadr city Adhamiya and .
Baghdad in the fighting continues still in several areas mostly , in Sadr city and Adhamiya .
Baghdadis don't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more, you never know where you might get stuck.
Don baghdadis ' t venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never where know get might you . stuck
Baghdadis don ' t much venture out their of neighbourhoods any more , you never where know you get might stuck .
There has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again.
Has there been talk that the curfew night might be implemented . again
There has been that talk the night curfew might implemented again be .
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now, helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop.
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American for troops three now days , helicopters been have over circling heads non our stop - .
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by for American three troops days , now have helicopters been circling our over non heads - stop .
Fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever.
Fedayeen are now visible on the and they street have become bolder than ever .
Fedayeen are visible on now the street they and have become bolder than . ever
Yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars, they only come out in the open when Americans leave the area, then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their AK-47's in the air.
Yesterday there tens were them of road putting blocks our on street setting and up mortars , they only come out in the when open Americans leave area the , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately shooting their and AK - 47 s ' in the air .
There yesterday were tens them of road putting blocks on our street setting and up mortars , they only come out in the when open Americans leave the area , then they start firing indiscriminately and mortars shooting their AK - 47 ' s the in air .
They are setting the road blocks at the exact same positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same people.
They are setting blocks the road the at exact same positions they were during the last war , year which indicates they are same the people .
They are the setting road blocks the at exact same were positions they during the last year war , indicates which are they the same people .
And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land.
Is and there nothing we can do about it really , people who suggesting that are go we out fight are and them living in dream land .
There and is nothing can do we about really it , who people are suggesting we that go out fight and them are living in land dream .
Even the IP and ICDC have abandoned the neighbourhood, and those are trained and armed, so don't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank doesn't bomb them, and also how are American soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the Fedayeen?
Even the IP and ICDC have the abandoned neighbourhood , and those are and trained armed , so ' don t expect civilians scared to do anything to except hide and inside pray a helicopter or a tank doesn ' bomb t them , and also are how soldiers American going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians the from Fedayeen ?
The even IP and ICDC have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those trained are and armed , don so ' t scared expect civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank doesn ' t bomb them , and how also are soldiers American going to distinguish the and brave valiant civilians the from Fedayeen ?
Everyone is apprehensive, there is some talk that April 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days.
Is everyone apprehensive , is there talk some that 9th April 10th are and going to be bloody days .
Everyone is apprehensive , is there some talk that 9th April 10th and going are to be bloody days .
Most people haven't gone to work the last few days, although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is 'normal' (if you can define what normal is).
Most people haven ' t gone work to the last few , days although seems it the rest that Baghdad of is ' normal ' if ( you can what define normal is ) .
Most haven people t ' gone work to few the last days , although it that seems rest the of Baghdad is normal ' ' ( you if can what define normal is ) .
There are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last April, and I have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like "This time we will be the first to loot, we didn't get anything the last time".
Are there about rumours preparations by dwellers slum for another looting spree against banks governmental , and property public similar to one the took that place last April , and I have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying like things " This time we will be the first to we loot , didn ' t get anything the last time " .
Are there rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another against looting banks spree , governmental and public property similar to one the that took place last April , I and already have overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and things like saying " This time we will be the first to loot we , didn ' t get anything the last time " .
Mosques are calling for donating blood, food, and medicine for Fallujah, and several convoys have already headed out for Fallujah, most of them returned later though.
Calling mosques are for donating blood , , food medicine and Fallujah , for and convoys several have already headed for out Fallujah , most them of returned later though .
Mosques are calling for donating blood , food , medicine and for Fallujah , and several convoys headed have already out Fallujah for , of most returned them though later .
What irritates me is this sudden false 'solidarity' between Sunni and Shi'ite clerics, we all know that they would be glad to get at each others throats when they have the chance, and Shia clerics were describing Fallujan insurgents as 'Ba'athists', 'Saddamites', 'Wahhabis', and 'terrorists' just a few days ago.
What irritates me is sudden this false ' solidarity ' Sunni between and ' Shi ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get each at others they throats when have chance the , and clerics Shia describing were Fallujan insurgents as ' Ba ' athists ' , ' Saddamites ' , ' Wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few ago days .
What irritates me is this false sudden ' solidarity ' Sunni between and Shi ' ite clerics we , all know that they would be glad get to at each others throats when they have chance the , and clerics Shia describing were Fallujan insurgents Ba as ' ' athists ' , ' Saddamites ' , ' Wahhabis ' , ' and terrorists ' just a few days ago .
So what happened?
What so happened ?
So happened what ?
I guess it's just the old new Arab 'Me against my brother, me and my brother against my cousin, me and my cousin against my enemy', or 'The enemy of my enemy is my friend' thing going on again.
Guess I it ' just s the old new ' Arab against my Me brother , me and brother my against my cousin , me and my cousin my against enemy ' or , ' enemy The of my enemy is my friend ' thing going again on .
I it guess ' s the just old new Arab ' Me my against brother , me my and against brother my cousin me , and my against cousin enemy my ' , or ' The enemy of enemy my is my friend ' thing on going again .
Speaking of Fallujah, we have only Al-Jazeera to rely on for our news from there.
Speaking of Fallujah we , only have Al - to Jazeera on rely for our from news there .
Speaking of , Fallujah have we only Al - Jazeera to rely on for our from news there .
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town, and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al-Sahhaf.
They sent have over top their reporter Ahmed to Mansour the town , and he is all spouting kinds propaganda of reminding of hourly me Al - Sahhaf .
They sent have their over reporter top to Ahmed Mansour the town , he and is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly me reminding of Al Sahhaf - .
"They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you get to hear from him.
" targetting They ambulances are " , " American snipers are shooting and children women pregnant " , " and They are using cluster against bombs civilians " is all get you to hear from him .
" They targetting are ambulances " , " American are shooting snipers and pregnant children women " , and " are They using cluster bombs against civilians " is all get you to hear from . him
He did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that Fallujan militants were shooting at the Marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in Hay Al-Golan, but of course that is okay for Al-Jazeera.
He did once make an error when unforgivable mentioned he Fallujan that militants were shooting the at Marines from the roofs and of mosques houses Hay in Al - Golan but , of course is that okay for Al - Jazeera .
Did he once make an unforgivable error when he that mentioned militants Fallujan were shooting at the Marines from the mosques roofs of and Hay houses Al in - Golan , but course of that is okay Al for - Jazeera .
Someone who called himself Abu Hafs from the Ibn Al-Khattab Brigades (another new group) was on Al-Jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the Marines and he sweared that American soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents.
Who someone called himself Abu from Hafs the Ibn Al - Brigades Khattab ( another new group ) was on Al - Jazeera describing enormous the casualties among Marines the and he sweared that American were soldiers mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .
Someone who called himself Hafs Abu from the Ibn Al - Khattab ( Brigades another new group on ) Al was - Jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the and Marines sweared that he American soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .
Over 300 Iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in Fallujah alone.
300 over are Iraqis reported dead 500 and wounded in Fallujah alone .
300 over are Iraqis reported dead and 500 in wounded Fallujah alone .
Al-Iraqiyah tv said that ICDC were controlling Ramadi.
Al - tv Iraqiyah said ICDC that controlling were Ramadi .
- al Iraqiyah tv said that were ICDC Ramadi controlling .
Azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin, an Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad', in which he stated that "although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam, but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions".
Azzaman newspaper an mentioned announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin , an Al - Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia an on Islamic website ' the voice of Jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies not is permitted originally in Islam , but this in case it is allowed if Muslims use it against to infidels them deter from committing actions criminal " .
Azzaman newspaper mentioned announcement an signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin , an Al - Qaeda operative in Arabia Saudi on an Islamic website ' the voice of Jihad ' , which in he that stated " although mutilating dead bodies is not permitted originally in , Islam but in case this it is allowed Muslims if use it infidels against to deter from them committing criminal actions " .
He added that "America does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation, they were kicked out of Somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in Mogadishu for the whole world to see", and that "the day will come when the dead bodies of Americans and Jews would be dragged, defiled, and stepped on in the Arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters".
He added that " America does not understand anything except the of language force retaliation and they , were kicked of out Somalia humiliation in after that soldier was dragged in Mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and " that the will day come when the dead bodies of Americans and Jews would be , dragged defiled , and on stepped in the Arabian peninsula together with their and agents supporters " .
He added that " America does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , were they kicked out of in Somalia humiliation after that soldier was in Mogadishu dragged for the whole world to see " , and " that the day will come when the dead bodies of Americans and Jews would be dragged , defiled , stepped and in on Arabian the peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .
Elena's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history.
' elena s tour motorcycle through the region has around Chernobyl interest revived in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history .
Elena ' s motorcycle through tour region the around Chernobyl interest has revived one in the of most serious nuclear disasters history in .
We all know what happened, but even to this day, there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout.
All we what know happened but , to even this day , there are many versions different and opinions on how it happened and what effect will Chernobyl the have on health of people affected by the fallout .
We all know what happened , but to day even this , there are many versions different and on opinions how it happened and effect Chernobyl what will on have the health people of affected by fallout the .
UPDATE:
: UPDATE
: UPDATE
Now you can tour Chernobyl and write your own story.
Now you can and tour Chernobyl write your own . story
You now can Chernobyl tour and write your own . story
This is not a post about fault-finding or assigning blame.
This is not post a about fault finding - or blame assigning .
Is this a not post fault about - finding or assigning blame .
It is a time to learn what happened and how it may affect the future.
It a is time learn to what happened and may how it affect the future .
It a is time to learn what happened and how it the may future affect .
There was a soothing authoritative UNSCEAR (United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of Chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation-related health effects to most people exposed.
There was a soothing authoritative ( UNSCEAR United Scientific Nations Committee on the Effects Atomic of Radiation ) report 2000 in on health the effects of that Chernobyl confirming there was no scientific evidence any of significant - radiation related effects health to most people exposed .
There a was authoritative soothing UNSCEAR ( Nations United Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects Chernobyl of confirming that there was scientific evidence no of significant radiation - any related health effects most to people exposed .
This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following:
Was heavily this promoted by the Radiation Australasian Protection in Society a press release titled THE OF MYTHS CHERNOBYL contained which following the :
Was this heavily promoted by Australasian the Protection Radiation Society in a release press titled MYTHS THE OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :
One of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the Chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions, and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation.
One of the most widespread myths of recent times that is the Chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in caused 1986 many thousands extra of cancer deaths neighbouring in , regions that public and has health been affected severely exposure by to radiation .
Of one the most widespread myths of recent times is Chernobyl that the nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many of thousands cancer extra deaths in neighbouring regions , and that has public health been severely affected exposure by to radiation .
Many people still believe that to be true, even though the Ministry of Russian Federation on Civil Defence, Emergencies and Elimination of Conseguences of Natural Disasters (EMERCOM of Russia) reported this in 1996:
Many people still believe to be that , true even though the Ministry of Federation Russian on Civil Defence , Emergencies and Elimination of Natural Conseguences of Disasters of ( EMERCOM ) Russia reported this in : 1996
Many people still believe that true to be , even though the Russian Ministry of Federation on Defence Civil , Emergencies and Elimination of Conseguences of Natural Disasters ( of EMERCOM reported Russia ) in this : 1996
CHERNOBYL ACCIDENT: TEN YEARS ON
CHERNOBYL ACCIDENT : YEARS TEN ON
CHERNOBYL ACCIDENT : TEN ON YEARS
In the last decade, there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and, to a certain extent, adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former Soviet Union (Wi940) which should be attributed to the Chernobyl accident until proven otherwise.
In the decade last , there has been a real significant and increase in childhood and , a to certain extent , carcinoma adult of the thyroid contaminated in regions the of Soviet former Union ( Wi940 ) which should be attributed to the Chernobyl until accident proven otherwise .
In the last decade , there been a has real and significant in increase childhood and , a certain to extent , adult of carcinoma the thyroid in contaminated regions of former the Union Soviet Wi940 ( ) which should be attributed to the accident Chernobyl until proven otherwise .
The prestigious IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects.
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Agency Energy ) an published report early Chernobyl on was which based on information from sources Russian and that stated there was no effects significant health .
The IAEA prestigious ( International Atomic Energy Agency published ) an early on report Chernobyl which was based information on from Russian and stated sources that was there no significant health effects .
However, in April 2001, the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reports.
, however April in 2001 the , IAEA Fifteen published Years the after Chernobyl Accident Lessons - learned . which contradict the reports earlier .
However , in April 2001 , IAEA the published Fifteen Years after Chernobyl the Accident - Lessons . learned contradict which the reports earlier .
Here are some excerpts:
Are here some excerpts :
Here are some : excerpts
The dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine, which have been observed since 1991, continues to this day.
Increase the dramatic in radiation induced - thyroid in cancers children and adolescents in Belarus , Russia , Ukraine and which , have been observed since 1991 , continues this to day .
The dramatic increase in radiation - thyroid induced in children cancers adolescents and Belarus in , Russia , Ukraine and , have which observed been since 1991 , continues to day this .
...a drop in the birth rate, a deterioration in women's reproductive health, an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth, and a deterioration in neonatal health....
. . a . drop birth in the rate , a deterioration in women s ' reproductive health , increase in an complications during pregnancy birth and , and a deterioration neonatal in health . . . .
. . . a drop in the rate birth , a deterioration in women ' reproductive s health an , in increase complications during pregnancy and birth , and a in deterioration health neonatal . . . .
The dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl accident in all three countries - Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies: the morbidity rate is going up, the number of really healthy children is dropping, and disability is increasing .
The dynamics of in change the of state health children of affected by Chernobyl the in accident all three countries - Belarus , Russia , and Ukraine - in post the - accident period is characterized persistent by tendencies negative : the morbidity rate is going up , number the of really healthy children is dropping , and is disability increasing .
Dynamics the of change in the state of health of affected children by the Chernobyl accident in all three countries - Belarus , Russia , Ukraine and - in the post accident - characterized period is by persistent negative : tendencies the morbidity rate is up going , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .
As a parent, I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning.
A as parent , I can imagine well how it painful must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .
As a parent , I well can how imagine painful it must those be for whose families children are to succumbing poisoning radiation .
There is a lot to learn about Chernobyl.
There a is lot learn to about Chernobyl .
There is a lot learn to Chernobyl about .
Being well-informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports.
Being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable a in world of . conflicting reports
Being well - will informed give you certainty and is that in desirable a world reports of conflicting .
There are a wealth of references on Chernobyl.
There are a wealth of references Chernobyl . on
There a are wealth of references Chernobyl on .
Read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions.
Read some of the links following and own draw your conclusions .
Read some of the following links draw and own conclusions your .
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl:
These present links the viewpoints many that still existed and exist about disaster the called Chernobyl :
These links present the many that viewpoints and existed still about exist called the disaster Chernobyl :
IAEA Report Lessons learned
Report IAEA Lessons learned
IAEA Lessons Report learned
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
: http / www / . ibiblio . org expo / / soviet . chernobyl exhibit / . html
http : / / . ibiblio www org . / expo / . soviet exhibit / chernobyl html .
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/IBRAE/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
http : / www / . ibrae . ac ru . / IBRAE eng / chernobyl / / nat_rep nat_repe / . # 24 htm
: http / www / ibrae . . ac . ru / / IBRAE eng / chernobyl nat_rep / nat_repe / . # htm 24
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
: http / www / . nsrl . . ttu edu / chernobyl / . htm wildlifepreserve
: http / / www nsrl . ttu . . / edu chernobyl / wildlifepreserve htm .
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
: http / / www environmentalchemistry . com . / yogi / / hazmat articles / chernobyl1 html .
: http / / . www . environmentalchemistry / com yogi / hazmat / articles / chernobyl1 html .
http://digon_va.tripod.com/Chernobyl.htm
http : / / . digon_va tripod . / Chernobyl com . htm
http : / / digon_va . . tripod / com Chernobyl htm .
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
http : / www / oneworld . . org index_oc / issue196 / / byckau html .
: http / / www . org oneworld . / / index_oc issue196 / . byckau html
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
http : / www / . collectinghistory net . chernobyl / /
http : / www / . . collectinghistory / net chernobyl /
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
: http / / www . . ukrainianweb com chernobyl_ukraine / . htm
http : / / ukrainianweb www . . com chernobyl_ukraine / . htm
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93Marples.html
: http / www / . bullatomsci . org / issues / / 1993 s93 s93Marples / html .
: http / www / . bullatomsci . org issues / / / 1993 s93 / s93Marples html .
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/Chernobyl-15%20years.htm
http : / / www calguard . . . gov ca ia / Chernobyl / - 15 20years % . htm
: http / www / calguard . . . ca gov / ia / Chernobyl 15 - % 20years htm .
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
: http / www / . infoukes . com history / / chornobyl gregorovich / / . index html
: http / / www . . com infoukes / / history chornobyl / gregorovich index / . html
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
: http / www / . . un / org ha / chernobyl /
: http / / www . un . ha org / chernobyl / /
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
: http / / www . tecsoc . org / pubs / / history / apr26 2002 htm .
http : / www / tecsoc . org . / history pubs / / 2002 / apr26 . htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
: http / / . www chernobyl . . org / uk page2 . htm
: http / / . www chernobyl . org . page2 uk / . htm
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
: http / / www . . time com / time daily / / chernobyl 860901 / accident . html .
: http / www / . time . com / / time daily chernobyl / / . 860901 accident html .
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
http : / / . www infoukes com . / / history chornobyl elg / /
http : / / www . . infoukes com / / chornobyl history elg / /
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
http : / / www world . - nuclear org . info / / chernobyl inf07 / htm .
http : / / www . - world . nuclear info org / / / chernobyl inf07 . htm
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
http : / / . nea www . fr / html / chernobyl rp / / conclusions5 html .
: http / www / . . nea / fr html / / rp chernobyl / conclusions5 . html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
: http / / www . nea . fr html / rp / chernobyl / / c01 html .
http : / / . www nea . / fr html / / rp chernobyl c01 / html .
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
: http / www / . nea fr . html / / / rp chernobyl / c05 . html
: http / / . nea www fr . / html / rp / chernobyl / c05 html .
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm
: http / www / . physics . . edu isu / radinf / chern htm .
: http / / www physics . isu . . edu / radinf / . htm chern
http://www.chernobyl.info/en
: http / / www chernobyl . info . / en
http : / www / . chernobyl info . en /
http://www.arps.org.au/Chernobyl.htm
: http / / www . arps . au org . Chernobyl / . htm
: http / / www arps . . org . au Chernobyl / htm .
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
: http / / - www formal stanford . . / edu jmc / / progress chernobyl . html
http : / / - www formal . stanford . jmc edu / / / chernobyl progress . html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html
: http / / . 21stcenturysciencetech www . com / / articles chernobyl . html
: http / www / . . 21stcenturysciencetech com / articles chernobyl / . html
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing.
Would I interested be in hearing conclusions what you reached what and you found that most was convincing .
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached what and you found most that was convincing .
radiation:
: radiation
: radiation
As a child in the 50's I had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy (primitive at best!) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging--they said it was not CA but stopped the treatments....
As a in child the 50 ' s I had lot a of problems and glandular they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive best at ! ) and when stopped lesion a my on neck started enlarging - they - said it was not but CA stopped the treatments . . . .
As a child the in 50 s ' I had a lot glandular problems of and they treated it with radiation ( therapy primitive ! at best ) and stopped when lesion a on my neck started enlarging - - they said was it CA not but stopped the treatments . . . .
Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray?
Remember the old sizing shoe that machines a was form of xray radiation ?
Remember old the shoe sizing that machines was a form xray of radiation ?
That too was stopped.
That too stopped was .
That too was . stopped
Don't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks--there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl.......
' don t to have what radiation mention has done and is doing still to Hirsohima & folks - Nagaski - there be can no doubts the effects about of radiation in Chernobyl . . . . . . .
Don ' t have to what mention has radiation done is and doing still to Hirsohima & Nagaski - folks there - can be doubts no about the of effects in Chernobyl radiation . . . . . . .
The Chernobyl Children's Project (http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp) offers several ways to help the children of that region.
The Children Chernobyl s ' Project ( http : / / www . . adiccp org home / / default . asp offers ) ways several to help children the of that . region
The Children Chernobyl s ' Project ( http : / www / . org adiccp . / home / default . ) asp several to offers ways help children the of that region .
One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program, wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer.
One of is Rest them the and Recuperation Program , wherein a child can come to US the for few a weeks in the summer .
One them is the of Rest and Recuperation Program , wherein a child come can to US the for a few in weeks summer the .
Even a little time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care, etc. can add years to their lives.
Even a time little receiving spent wholesome , , uncontaminated food good medical care , etc . can add to years their lives .
A even little time receiving spent wholesome , food uncontaminated , care good medical , etc can . add years their to lives .
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years; to see these little ones breaks the heart.
S . and I have an acquaintance who has hosted these several children of for many years to ; see these breaks ones little heart the .
S and I . an have acquaintance has hosted who several of these children for many years ; see to little these ones breaks heart the .
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have.
The urge to protect and them gather all in is overwhelming almost , and me makes grateful more for the blessings have I .
Urge the to protect and them gather all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the I blessings have .
Take care, my friend, Linda
Take care , friend , my Linda
Care take , friend my , Linda
I'm sorry to say Elena's story has been revealed to be a fake.
I ' m say sorry to ' Elena s story has revealed been to a be fake .
' I m to sorry say Elena s ' story has been revealed be to fake a .
What do the new al-Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization?
What do new the al - Qaeda videotape audio speeches and of Laden Bin al Ayman and - Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership the of ? organization
Do the what new al - Qaeda videotape audio and of Bin speeches Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri tell about us the hopes of the remaining leadership top of the organization ?
Because the US and Pakistan have managed to capture or kill about 2/3s of the top 25 al-Qaeda commanders, the middle managers are not in close contact with al-Zawahiri and Bin Laden.
Because the US Pakistan and have managed to capture or about kill 2 3s / the of 25 top al commanders - Qaeda , the middle are managers in not close with contact al - Zawahiri and Bin Laden .
Because the US and Pakistan have managed to capture kill or about / of 2 3s the top 25 al - commanders Qaeda , the middle managers not are close in contact with al - Zawahiri Bin and Laden .
The tape was a way to signal priorities.
The tape was a way signal priorities to .
The was tape a way signal to priorities .
These are 1) Assassinate or overthrow Gen. Pervez Musharraf, the Pakistani military "president" who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the United States against the Taliban and al-Qaeda.
Are these 1 ) Assassinate overthrow Gen or . Pervez Musharraf , the Pakistani military " " president who had made coup a in 1999 has and thrown his in lot the with United States the against Taliban and - al Qaeda .
These are 1 ) Assassinate or overthrow Gen . Pervez Musharraf , the Pakistani military president " who " made had a in 1999 coup and has thrown in lot with his United the against States the Taliban and al Qaeda - .
Musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al-Qaeda sympathizers.
Has musharraf trying purge been to his officer corps of the number substantial of al - Qaeda sympathizers .
Has musharraf been trying purge to his officer corps of substantial the number of al Qaeda - . sympathizers
His military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US.
His intelligence military has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad , as nearly well 500 other as al - Qaeda operatives , over 400 of the whom Pakistanis have turned to over the . US
Military intelligence has his captured major figures Abu like Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad as , well nearly as 500 other al - Qaeda , operatives over 400 whom of the Pakistanis have over turned to the . US
Musharraf held elections in October of 2002, in which center-right parties did well, but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition, MMA.
Musharraf elections held in of October 2002 , in center which - parties did right well , in but which nearly 20 of percent parliament seats the went to fundamentalist religious party coalition , . MMA
Musharraf elections in of held October 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of went parliament seats to the fundamentalist religious coalition party MMA , .
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province, which probably shelters Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri, and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province, also on the Afghanistan border.
MMA captured also the Northwest Frontier , Province which probably shelters Bin al Laden and - Zawahiri , and is in joint government a Baluchistan of , Province also on the Afghanistan border .
Also MMA the captured Frontier Northwest Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al Zawahiri - , and is in joint a government of Baluchistan Province , also on Afghanistan the border .
If al-Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers, they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts.
Al if - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a coup military against by him junior Islamist officers , they can the hope to catapult MMA to as power allies political and . hosts
If al - Qaeda Musharraf can kill or instigate a military coup him against by officers Islamist junior they can , to hope catapult the MMA to power as allies political and . hosts
They would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is also a nuclear power.
They would gain thereby of control a major for base terrorist operations , is which also nuclear power a .
Would they thereby gain control a major of base for terrorist operations , is which a also nuclear . power
All this is highly unlikely, as with most al-Qaeda crackpot schemes.
All is this highly unlikely as , with most al - Qaeda crackpot schemes .
All is this highly unlikely with , as most al - crackpot Qaeda schemes .
But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take over Afghanistan.
But was so it unlikely a that small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take Afghanistan over .
But so it was unlikely that a small group mujahidin of would Arab virtually over take Afghanistan .
Response: The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government.
: response The US do must whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of Pakistani the government .
Response : US The must do it can whatever to the strengthen of legitimacy the Pakistani government .
On the one hand, it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election, and to repeal the contentious "Legal Framework Order" that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship.
One on hand the , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president election in a fair and , to the repeal contentious " Legal Framework Order " that perpetuates essentially his . dictatorship
The on one hand , should it Musharraf pressure to take his off uniform and run for in president a election fair , to and the repeal contentious " Framework Legal Order " that essentially perpetuates his . dictatorship
On the other, restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People's Party, who can defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police.
The on , other should restrictions be the lifted on Muslim mainstream League - and N Pakistan People ' s Party , who can defeat the MMA fair in elections if hogtied not by the police secret .
On other the , restrictions should lifted be on the mainstream Muslim League - and N People Pakistan ' s Party , who can the defeat MMA fair in if elections not by hogtied the secret police .
On the other hand, the US should strong-arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue.
On the hand other , the US should - strong arm India Pakistan and a into settlement final of the Kashmir . issue
On the hand other , the US should strong - arm India and into Pakistan final a settlement of Kashmir the issue .
Al-Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf's lack of progress in helping the Muslims of that Indian state as a justification for his overthrow.
Al - Zawahiri use attempted Musharraf to ' s of lack in progress the helping Muslims of that state Indian as justification a for his overthrow .
- al Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf s ' lack progress of in helping the Muslims of that as Indian state a justification for overthrow his .
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism, and even the threat of nuclear war, than Iraq ever did.
Kashmir issue the generates more far terrorism , even and the threat nuclear of war , than Iraq ever . did
The Kashmir issue generates more far terrorism , even and the threat nuclear war of than , Iraq did ever .
2) Target Israel and encourage the worst elements of the Palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon government.
) 2 Israel Target and encourage the worst elements of the Palestinians by on playing iron the policies fist of government the Sharon .
2 ) Target Israel the and encourage elements worst of by the Palestinians playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon government .
Response: The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas, and started the process of cutting off its funding.
: response US The succeeded has in politically isolating Hamas , started and the of process cutting its off funding .
Response : has The US succeeded politically isolating in Hamas , and the started of process cutting off its funding .
This terrorist organization can now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks.
This can terrorist organization only now pull off far less sophisticated and bombings attacks .
Terrorist this organization now can only pull off less far bombings sophisticated and attacks .
It should continue to be defanged.
Should it to continue be defanged .
It continue should to be . defanged
But Sharon's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace, and the Bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on Sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the West Bank and Gaza.
But Sharon ' s iron is fist simply working not as a means of establishing peace general , and the Bush administration will have to finally apply pressure effective on to Sharon his stop outrages in and colonization of West the Bank Gaza and .
But Sharon ' s iron is fist simply not as working means a establishing general of peace , and the Bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on Sharon stop to his outrages in and of colonization West the Bank and Gaza .
Sharon's hard line has worked in tandem with Hamas's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further, which spill over into the Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al-Qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the United States.
Sharon ' s hard line worked has tandem in with Hamas ' terrorism s to up ratchet further tensions and further which , spill over into the Muslim world and serve a as recruiting tool for - al Qaeda in its for search willing agents to hit the United States .
Sharon ' s hard has worked in line tandem with Hamas ' s terrorism to ratchet up tensions and further further , which over spill into the Muslim and world serve as a tool recruiting for al - Qaeda in its search agents for willing to hit United the States .
Israel owes the United States at least this much, in this crisis, to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace.
Owes israel the United at States least this much , this in crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary and provocations establish peace genuine .
Israel owes United the States this at least , much in this crisis , to militarily cease unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace .
3) Make Iraq another Afghanistan, using the Republican Right's own tactics against them.
3 Make ) another Afghanistan Iraq , using the Republican Right ' tactics s own against them .
) 3 Make another Afghanistan Iraq , the using Right Republican ' s own tactics against them .
Response: Iraq is actually hostile territory for al-Qaeda, and without Iraqi sympathizers it cannot succeed there.
Response : actually is Iraq territory hostile for al - Qaeda , without and Iraqi sympathizers cannot it succeed there .
Response : Iraq actually is territory hostile al for - , Qaeda and Iraqi without it sympathizers cannot succeed there .
By moving quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement of Iraqi lives, the US may be able to get Iraqis on its side, so that they turn in the foreigners.
Moving by to quickly Iraqi sovereignty and improvement Iraqi lives of , US the may able be to get on Iraqis side its , that so they turn in the foreigners .
Moving by quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement Iraqi of lives , the US may be to able get Iraqis on , its side so they that turn the in foreigners .
Certainly, the Shiites already hate al-Qaeda and would help; likewise the Kurds.
Certainly , Shiites the already hate al - would Qaeda and help ; likewise the Kurds .
Certainly , Shiites the hate al already Qaeda - and would help ; likewise Kurds the .
The problem of mollifying the Sunnis, though, has to be solved to avoid giving al-Qaeda an entre.
The problem mollifying of the , Sunnis though , has be to solved to avoid giving al - Qaeda an . entre
The of mollifying problem the Sunnis , though , to has solved be avoid to giving al - Qaeda entre an .
The Americans have to put away their free-market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into Iraqi households.
The have Americans to put away their - free market fetishism for while a and ways of find creating and jobs pumping into money households Iraqi .
The Americans to put have away free their - fetishism for market a while and find ways of jobs creating pumping and money into households Iraqi .
We need an FDR in Iraq, not a Ronald Reagan.
We need an in FDR , Iraq not a Reagan Ronald .
We need an FDR Iraq in , a Ronald not Reagan .
Of course, the sooner the US soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less-provocative local or international forces, the better.
Of course , the the sooner US soldiers be withdrawn can favor in of less provocative - local international or forces , the better .
Of course , the the sooner US soldiers can withdrawn be in of favor - less provocative local international or forces , the better .
Getting the Spanish out of Iraq isn't nearly as good a rallying cry for al-Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out.
The getting Spanish out of Iraq isn ' t as nearly good rallying a cry al for - in Qaeda the Arab as world getting Americans the and British out .
The out getting Spanish of Iraq ' isn t nearly as good a cry rallying for al - Qaeda in Arab world the as Americans getting the and British out .
The thing to keep in mind is that Sunni Arab nationalists and Baathists and local Sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the US in Iraq than al-Qaeda infiltrators, and it would be dangerous to take one's eyes off the former ball.
The thing to in keep is mind that Sunni nationalists and Arab Baathists and Sunni local radicals are to likely far remain more dangerous to the US in Iraq al than - Qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one s ' eyes off former the ball .
The thing in to keep mind is that Sunni Arab nationalists and and Baathists local radicals Sunni are likely to remain more far dangerous the to US in Iraq than al - Qaeda , infiltrators and it would be dangerous to take one eyes ' s the off former ball .
George W. Bush alleged Thursday that John Edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president.
George W . Bush alleged Thursday that John Edwards the lacks experience necessary to president . be
George W . Bush Thursday alleged that Edwards lacks the John experience necessary to president be .
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000, so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard.
Problem the this with argument is Bush lacked that the experience necessary to president be when he ran in 2000 , so this sort shot of cheap just him hoists by his own petard .
The with problem argument this is that Bush lacked the experience necessary be to president when he ran in 2000 , this so of sort shot cheap just hoists by him his petard own .
Let's just remember a seminal Bush moment in 1999:
Let s ' remember just a seminal Bush in moment 1999 :
' let s just a remember Bush seminal moment in 1999 :
' Bush fails reporter's pop quiz on international leaders
' Bush fails reporter ' quiz s pop on leaders international
Bush ' fails reporter ' s pop quiz on international leaders
November 5, 1999
November 5 1999 ,
November , 5 1999
Web posted at: 3:29 p.m. EST (2029 GMT)
Posted web at : 3 : 29 p . m . ( EST 2029 GMT )
Posted web at : 3 : 29 p . m EST . ( ) 2029 GMT
WASHINGTON (CNN) --
WASHINGTON CNN ( ) - -
( WASHINGTON CNN ) - -
Texas Gov. George W. Bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots, but President Bill Clinton says Bush "should, and probably will, pick up" those names.
Texas Gov . George W . Bush enduring is sharp criticism being for unable name the to leaders of world four current hot spots , but President Clinton Bill says " Bush , should probably and will , pick up " those names .
Texas Gov George . W . Bush enduring is for sharp criticism being unable to name leaders the four of world current hot spots , President but Clinton Bill says " Bush should , and probably will , pick up " those names .
The front-runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller, a political reporter for WHDH-TV in Boston.
The front - runner for the 2000 presidential Republican nomination faltered Thursday in an affairs international pop quiz by posed Andy Hiller , a political reporter for WHDH - TV in Boston .
The - front for runner the Republican 2000 presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller a , political WHDH reporter for - in TV Boston .
Bush
Bush
Bush
Hiller asked Bush to name the leaders of Chechnya, Taiwan, India and Pakistan.
Asked hiller Bush to name leaders of the Chechnya , , Taiwan India and Pakistan .
Hiller asked Bush name the to leaders , of Chechnya Taiwan , India and Pakistan .
Bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of Taiwan, referring to Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui simply as "Lee."
Bush was only able to a partial give the response to on query the leader Taiwan of , referring to Taiwanese President Lee - Teng simply hui as Lee " . "
Bush was only to able give a partial response the to on query the leader of Taiwan referring , to President Taiwanese Teng Lee hui simply - " as Lee . "
He could not name the others.
Not he could name the others .
Could he not the name others .
"Can you name the general who is in charge of Pakistan?"
" Can you name the general who in is charge Pakistan of ? "
" Can you name the who general is charge of Pakistan in ? "
Hiller asked, inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf, who seized control of the country October 12.
Asked hiller , inquiring about . Gen Pervaiz Musharraf , who control seized the of October country 12 .
Asked hiller , inquiring Gen about . Pervaiz Musharraf who , seized control of the country October 12 .
"Wait, wait, is this 50 questions?" asked Bush.
Wait " , wait , is 50 this questions ? asked " . Bush
" Wait wait , , this is questions 50 ? asked " Bush .
Hiller replied: "No, it's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots." . . .
Hiller replied : " No it , s ' four of four questions in leaders four hot . spots " . . .
Hiller : replied " , No it ' s four of questions four leaders in hot four spots . " . . .
Bush, in answering the question about the leader of Pakistan, also said: "The new Pakistani general, he's just been elected -- not elected, this guy took over office.
Bush , answering in the question about the leader Pakistan , of also said : " The Pakistani new general , he ' s just been - elected - not , elected this took over guy office .
Bush , answering in question the about the of leader , Pakistan also said : " The new Pakistani general he , ' s just been elected - - not , elected this guy over office took .
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that's good news for the subcontinent."
It appears this is guy to going bring to stability the country I and that think ' s good for news subcontinent the . "
Appears it guy this is to bring stability going to the country and I think that ' s news for good the subcontinent . "
Gore released a statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan's recent coup.
Gore released statement a taking Friday to Bush task for his on comments Pakistan s ' recent coup .
Released gore a statement Friday Bush taking task to for his on comments ' Pakistan s recent coup .
"I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as "good news," Gore said.
" find I it that troubling a candidate for president in our country - - the world s ' democracy oldest - - characterize would the military as takeover " news good , " Gore . said
I " find it that troubling a candidate president our for in country - - the world ' s democracy oldest - - characterize the would military takeover as " news good , " Gore . said
"Further, I find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.
" Further , find I it even more that disturbing he made these comments about nation a that just tested last year nuclear weapons - after - shortly voicing his public to opposition the Ban Comprehensive Test Treaty .
Further " , find I it disturbing even more he that made these comments about a nation that just last tested year weapons nuclear - - shortly after his voicing public opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty .
A spokesman for President Clinton also criticized Bush's comments.
A spokesman for Clinton President also Bush criticized ' s . comments
Spokesman a for President also Clinton criticized Bush s ' comments .
"It is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments," said David Leavy, spokesman for the National Security Council.
" It is very dangerous this for country condone to overthrow the of , democratically elected governments " David said Leavy spokesman , for the National Security Council .
" It is very dangerous for this country to overthrow condone the democratically of elected governments , " said David Leavy , spokesman for the National Security . Council
Not only did Bush not know who General Pervez Musharraf was, he seems to have confused coup-making with "taking office," and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the Pakistan military, then the world's strongest supporter of the Taliban, would bring "stability!"
Not only Bush did not know who Pervez General Musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with taking office " , " went and moreover on to suggest the that overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the Pakistan military , then world the ' s strongest supporter of the Taliban , would bring " stability ! "
Not did Bush only not who know General Pervez Musharraf was , he to seems have confused coup - making with " office taking , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime and minister the installation in power of the Pakistan military , then world the ' s supporter strongest of the Taliban , would bring " stability ! "
Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir, so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger.
Musharraf made his in coup part because of the military ' anger s over Minister Prime Sharif Nawaz ' willingness s to down back confronting from India over Kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a . warmonger
Musharraf made his coup in part of because the ' military s anger over Prime Minister Nawaz ' Sharif s willingness back to from down confronting India Kashmir over that , so he explicitly to came power a as warmonger .
I can't tell you how ominous I found Bush's performance in that interview.
Can I ' t you tell how ominous I found Bush ' in s performance that . interview
Can I ' t tell you how ominous found Bush I ' s performance interview in that .
I still remember him stuttering about "the General," unable to remember Musharraf's name.
I still remember him about stuttering " the , General " unable remember Musharraf to s ' name .
Still remember I stuttering about him " the General , unable " to remember Musharraf ' s name .
He obviously had no idea what he was talking about, though he demonstrated a number of ill-fated instincts.
He obviously had no idea what he was talking , about though demonstrated a he number of ill - instincts fated .
He obviously no had idea what he was talking about , though he a demonstrated of ill number - . fated instincts
He obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy, equating dictatorship with "stability."
He obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy , equating dictatorship with " stability . "
He obviously liked authoritarian rule than better democracy equating with , dictatorship " stability . "
And, he didn't think he needed to know anything about South Asia, with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics--the latter a dire security threat to the US.
And , didn he ' t he think needed know to anything South about Asia , giants with its nuclear and religious radical politics - - the latter a security dire threat to US the .
And , didn he ' t think he to needed anything know about South , Asia with its nuclear giants and radical - religious politics - the a latter dire security threat to US the .
He couldn't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less.
Couldn he ' t tell when things were more becoming as unstable opposed less to .
He ' couldn tell t when things were becoming more as unstable opposed less to .
Musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with India in 2002, risking war twice that year.
Musharraf on went brinkmanship to play nuclear with in India 2002 , risking war twice that year .
On musharraf to went play nuclear brinkmanship with India in 2002 , risking war that year twice .
Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11, under extreme duress from the US, elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself.
Musharraf although did turn Taliban against the after September 11 , under extreme from duress US the , of elements his military continued to support radical Islamism have and recently been implicated assassination in attempts on Musharraf himself .
Musharraf although turn did the against Taliban September after 11 , under duress extreme the from US , of elements his military to continued support radical and Islamism recently have been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself .
This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing "stability" to the region in fall of 1999.
Was this body the Bush that proclaimed was bringing " " stability region to the in fall of 1999 .
Was the this body that proclaimed was Bush bringing " stability " to the in region fall of . 1999
So, one answer to Bush's charge about Edwards is that if it had any merit, Bush should have declined to run himself.
So one , answer to Bush s ' about charge is Edwards that if it had any merit Bush , should have to declined run himself .
So one , to answer Bush ' charge s about Edwards that if is it had any merit , have Bush should declined to himself run .
Another answer is that Edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than Bush did then.
Another answer is that Edwards knows certainly far about more foreign than affairs now Bush then did .
Answer another that is Edwards knows certainly far more about foreign affairs than now did Bush then .
Indeed, given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US, one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does.
Indeed , given Bush how rampaged has the world around allies alienating and ignoring conflicts vital with potential the to back blow on the US , one well might argue that Edwards knows more now than does Bush .
Indeed , given how has Bush rampaged around the world alienating and allies vital ignoring conflicts the with potential to blow back on US the , might one well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does .
This is what Edwards' campaign literature said about his positions: "Edwards believes that the U.S. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts, from reducing tensions between India and Pakistan to the peace process in Northern Ireland.
This what is ' Edwards campaign literature said about his positions : " Edwards believes that the U . S . must be an leader active to help conflicts resolve from , reducing tensions between India and to Pakistan the peace process in Northern Ireland .
Is this what ' Edwards literature said campaign about positions his : " Edwards believes that the U . . S must be an leader to active help resolve conflicts , reducing from tensions between India and Pakistan to the peace process in Ireland Northern .
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel, and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians."
Edwards is a supporter strong of , Israel and believes that U the . S . a vital role has in promoting between peace Israelis the and Palestinians the . "
Is edwards a strong supporter of Israel , believes and that the U . S . a has vital role in peace promoting the Israelis and between the Palestinians . "
I don't see Bush doing any of this.
Don I ' t Bush see doing of any this .
Don I ' see t Bush doing any this of .
From Friday's Daily Star
From Friday ' s Star Daily
From Friday ' s Star Daily
By Juan Cole
By Cole Juan
Juan by Cole
Friday, June 04, 2004
, friday June 04 , 2004
Friday , 04 June , 2004
As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis, some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti-American terrorism.
As the American public gradually of wearies the Iraq , crisis some have worrying the begun that war could blow back US on the by creating the conditions anti for - American terrorism .
The as public gradually American of wearies the Iraq crisis , some begun have that the worrying war blow could back the on US by creating the conditions for anti - American . terrorism
Israel, however, is much closer to Iraq and is likely to suffer from Iraqi instability much more acutely than will the United States.
, israel however , much is to closer Iraq is likely and to suffer from Iraqi instability much more acutely than will States the United .
Israel however , , closer is much Iraq and to is likely to from suffer Iraqi instability much more than acutely will the United States .
Ironically, among the strongest proponents of war in Iraq were Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the US.
Ironically , among strongest the proponents Iraq of war in were Israeli Prime Minister Ariel his Sharon and neoconservative in supporters the US .
Ironically , among the of strongest proponents war Iraq in were Israeli Prime Ariel Minister and Sharon his supporters neoconservative in US the .
Have they, however, actually weakened Israeli security?
They , have however actually , weakened Israeli security ?
They , have , however actually weakened Israeli security ?
The biggest threat Israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of Palestinian national liberation movements.
Biggest threat the Israel faces not is conventional from armies but from asymmetrical the tactics of Palestinian liberation national movements .
The threat biggest Israel faces is not from conventional but armies from asymmetrical the tactics of Palestinian national movements liberation .
The derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard-line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings.
The of the derailing Oslo peace process by the - hard line of policies Sharon the and Palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings .
Derailing the of Oslo the peace by process the hard - line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada encouraged has bombings suicide .
This, in turn, has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there.
This in turn , , has discouraged international investment in has Israel and made it less likely that to immigrants the country actually will remain there .
, this in turn , has discouraged international in investment and Israel has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually there remain .
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000, the radical Lebanese Shiite party, Hizbullah, has not been mollified.
Israel although withdrew Lebanese from territory in 2000 May , the Lebanese radical party Shiite , Hizbullah , has not mollified been .
Although Israel withdrew Lebanese from territory May in 2000 the , radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , not been has . mollified
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters, and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms, a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war.
Is it estimated to have some 5 , 000 armed fighters , and have they pursued attacks against forces Israeli compel to them to withdraw from the Farms Shebaa , a sliver Syrian of territory that annexed after Israel the 1967 war .
It is estimated to some have 5 , 000 armed fighters , they and have against pursued attacks Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a of sliver Syrian that territory Israel annexed after the 1967 war .
Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel's security environment must, therefore, closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare.
Thorough any assessment the of of impact the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel ' s security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on conduct of the warfare asymmetrical .
Thorough assessment any of the of impact the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel ' s security environment must , , therefore its closely examine effect likely on conduct the of asymmetrical warfare .
Although it is often alleged (without much evidence) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare, it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel.
Although it is often alleged ( without much ) evidence that Saddam Hussein gave money the to families of Palestinian suicide and bombers encouraged so warfare asymmetrical it , is not that clear he actually posed danger a to Israel .
It although often is ( alleged without much ) evidence that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide and bombers so asymmetrical warfare encouraged , is it not clear that actually posed he a danger to Israel .
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations.
The Palestinians who have willing to been themselves kill to end the Israeli occupation the of Gaza and Strip West the were Bank not driven by economic . considerations
The Palestinians who been have to willing kill end themselves to Israeli the occupation of Gaza the the Strip and West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .
Saddam never did anything practical to help the Palestinians.
Saddam never did practical anything help to the . Palestinians
Saddam never did anything practical to help Palestinians the .
At some points, as in the late 1980s, he reportedly made behind-the-scenes overtures to the Israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal.
Some points at , as in late the , 1980s he reportedly made - behind the - scenes overtures the to to Israelis arrive at sort some of deal a .
Some at as points , in late the 1980s , he reportedly behind made the - - overtures scenes to Israelis the to at arrive some sort of a deal .
He did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from Iraq.
He did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations Israel against Iraq from .
Not he did allow radicals Palestinian to launch operations against Israel from . Iraq
By the late 1990s, Iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program, and had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles.
By the late 1990s , Iraq had nuclear no or weapons biological , program and destroyed had weapons its chemical stockpiles .
By the late 1990s , Iraq had nuclear no biological or weapons program , had destroyed and its chemical stockpiles . weapons
Its ramshackle army had virtually collapsed before the American invasion in 2003.
Its army ramshackle had collapsed virtually before the American invasion 2003 in .
Ramshackle its had army virtually collapsed before the American invasion in . 2003
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel, it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability.
If it is to hard how see Baathist Iraq posed any threat real to Israel , it so is not to difficult menace see a in current the instability .
If it hard is to see Baathist how Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to a see menace in the current instability .
The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration created a weak and failed state.
Bungling the of post - war Iraq the by Bush administration a created weak and failed state .
The bungling post of war - Iraq by the Bush administration a created weak and failed state .
Armed militias, many staffed by former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experience, have proliferated.
Armed militias , staffed many by former Iraqi military men substantial with and training , experience proliferated have .
Militias armed , many staffed former Iraqi by military men with substantial and experience training , have proliferated .
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, whose 15,000-strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards.
US the chose to ally itself with groups such as the Council Supreme Revolution for Islamic in the Iraq whose , 15 , 000 - strong Badr paramilitary Corps was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .
US the to chose ally itself such with groups as Council the Supreme for the Islamic in Revolution Iraq , 15 whose , 000 - Badr strong paramilitary Corps was trained the by Iranian Revolutionary Guards .
Anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currents.
Anti - and Israeli - pro Palestinian feeling is strong among major several Iraqi ideological and currents groups .
- anti Israeli pro and - Palestinian feeling among is strong major several Iraqi ideological groups and currents .
The more radical Shiites, who generally follow the theocratic notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, routinely chant and demonstrate against Israel.
The more radical Shiites , who generally the follow of theocratic notions Iran ' s Ruhollah Ayatollah , Khomeini chant routinely demonstrate and against Israel .
More the Shiites radical who , generally the follow theocratic notions of Iran s ' Ayatollah Khomeini Ruhollah , routinely and chant demonstrate against Israel .
They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, the leader of Hamas, last March.
They vehemently protested the assassination of Israeli Sheikh Ahmed the Yassin , leader of Hamas last , March .
Vehemently they the protested Israeli assassination of Sheikh Yassin Ahmed , the of Hamas leader , last March .
Worse for Israel, the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiites.
For worse Israel , the assassination drew even a denunciation from the and moderate cautious Ayatollah Grand Ali Sistani , who wields moral enormous over authority Shiites Iraqi .
For worse Israel the , assassination drew a even denunciation from moderate the and cautious Grand Ayatollah Sistani Ali , who wields enormous authority moral over Iraqi Shiites .
These Shiite movements had been suppressed by Saddam Hussein's regime, but have now organized and armed themselves.
These Shiite movements had by been Saddam suppressed Hussein ' regime s but , have now organized and themselves armed .
These Shiite had movements been suppressed by Hussein ' Saddam regime s , but now have organized armed and themselves .
They have also reestablished their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites.
They have also reestablished historical links their with Lebanese and Shiites Iranian .
Have they reestablished their also historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites .
It is inevitable that most Iraqi Shiites will side with their Hizbullah coreligionists against Israel, and it seems likely that Iraqi Shiites will get rich enough from Iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll Lebanese Shiite radicals.
It is that inevitable Iraqi most Shiites side will with their coreligionists Hizbullah against Israel , and it seems likely that Shiites Iraqi will rich enough get from Iraqi petroleum in sales the future that they will be in a good position bankroll to Lebanese Shiite . radicals
It is inevitable that Shiites most Iraqi will side with coreligionists their Hizbullah against Israel and , it seems likely that Iraqi Shiites get will enough from rich Iraqi petroleum sales in future the that they will be in a good position to bankroll Lebanese Shiite . radicals
Sunni Arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the Palestinians and with Hamas, and those in Iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in Jordan and Palestine.
Sunni Arab fundamentalists deeply with sympathize the Palestinians with and Hamas , those and in Iraq have historical deep inks fundamentalists with Jordan in and Palestine .
Sunni Arab fundamentalists sympathize deeply with Palestinians and the with , Hamas and those Iraq in have historical deep inks with fundamentalists Jordan in Palestine and .
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad, and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement, which is popular in Jordan.
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi on were truck the route Amman from to Baghdad , so and under came influence the the of Salafi movement which , popular is in Jordan .
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi on were truck the route from Amman to Baghdad , and came so under the of influence the movement Salafi is , popular which in Jordan .
Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians, and those in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception.
Nationalist secular Arab groups also with universally sympathize the Palestinians , those and in post - Saddam Iraq no are exception .
Secular Arab groups nationalist also sympathize universally with the Palestinians , and those in post - Iraq Saddam are exception no .
Whereas Saddam Hussein's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control, they are now free to organize.
Saddam whereas Hussein ' s dictatorship ensured that populist such were currents firmly kept control under , they are now free to organize .
Saddam whereas Hussein ' s ensured dictatorship that such populist currents were under kept firmly control they , are now free to organize .
An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel.
An in Iraq which armed fundamentalist nationalist militias and proliferate is inevitably a worry security for . Israel
Iraq an which armed in fundamentalist nationalist and militias proliferate is inevitably security a worry for Israel .
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq, its citizens will be able to benefit from the country's petroleum reserves.
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq its , citizens able will benefit be from to the country ' petroleum reserves s .
If even modicum a normality of and security can returned be to Iraq its , be citizens will able to from the benefit country ' s petroleum reserves .
That private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites.
That wealth private easily can funneled be into aid for the Palestinians for and Lebanese . Shiites
Private that can easily wealth be funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites .
Israel's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors, which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians.
Israel ' s security interests served are by best with peace its neighbors , only which can be achieved by trading land peace for with Palestinians the .
Israel ' s security interests are best with served by peace its neighbors , which only can be by achieved trading for land with the peace Palestinians .
Ariel Sharon's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence.
Ariel Sharon ' s near annexation aggressive of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement any of Palestinian state have created and unprecedented rage violence .
Sharon ariel s ' aggressive annexation near almost of of half the occupied Bank West and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian have state unprecedented created and rage violence .
The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world, including Iraq.
The anger has spread throughout the , Muslim world including . Iraq
The has anger spread throughout Muslim the world , Iraq including .
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq - has profoundly weakened, not strengthened, Israeli security.
Promotion the by pro the - Zionist of right twin occupations - the in Bank West and in Iraq - profoundly has , weakened not strengthened Israeli , . security
Promotion by the the pro - Zionist right of twin occupations - the in West and Bank in Iraq - has profoundly weakened , not strengthened , security Israeli .
Juan Cole (www.juancole.com) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of "Sacred Space and Holy War" (I.B. Tauris, 2002).
Juan Cole ( . www juancole . com ) is professor a Middle of modern East at history the Michigan University of and author of " Space Sacred and Holy War " ( I B . Tauris . , 2002 ) .
Juan Cole www ( . juancole . com is ) of a professor Middle modern history at East University of the Michigan and author of " Sacred Space and Holy War " ( I . B . , Tauris 2002 ) .
THE DAILY STAR publishes this commentary in agreement with Agence Global
THE DAILY publishes STAR this commentary in with Agence agreement Global
THE STAR DAILY publishes this in commentary with agreement Agence Global
Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process
Tamils feel the that defense proposed between agreement India and Sri would Lanka encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare another war for abandoning the current process peace
Tamils that feel the proposed defense agreement India between and Sri Lanka encourage would Sinhala rulers prepare to for another abandoning the war peace current process
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making.
But there strong are hints in the country that a Indo new - Sri Lanka defense deal be could in making the .
There but are strong hints in country the a that Indo new - Sri Lanka deal could defense be in the making .
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka.
And has this already protests drawn from the National Tamil Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed the by LTTE in April general the elections held in Lanka Sri .
And this has already protests drawn the from National Tamil Alliance ( TNA ) which was by backed the in LTTE the April elections general in held . Sri Lanka
Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in 1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty.
From apart , the 1 200 Indian lives 1987 lost in , the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular only not in Tamil Nadu the and Jaffna peninsula also but among the Sinhalese who majority considered it a violation of country their ' s sovereignty .
Apart from the 1 , 200 Indian in lives 1987 lost , the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu the and Jaffna peninsula but among also the Sinhalese considered majority who it a of violation their country s ' . sovereignty
India defensive over Sri Lanka
Defensive india over Sri Lanka
India over defensive Sri Lanka
By Ranjit Devraj
By Devraj Ranjit
By Devraj Ranjit
NEW DELHI -
NEW - DELHI
DELHI NEW -
While India is ready to enter into a "defense cooperation agreement" with Sri Lanka, it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation's two decades-old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides.
India while is ready to enter a into " agreement defense cooperation " with Sri Lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in island the ' nation s two decades - civil old that war has seen violent strife between ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority - over leaving 60 , 000 on dead both sides .
While India is ready to enter a into " defense cooperation agreement " with Sri Lanka , is it of wary drawn being into military any involvement in the island nation ' two s decades - old civil war that has seen violent strife ethnic Tamils between and the Sinhalese majority - leaving over 60 , dead 000 both on sides .
And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four-day visit to India recently.
And explains that the delay the in signing of formal a defense agreement that at was the heart of Sri Lankan President Kumaratunga ' Chandrika four s - day visit to recently India .
That and the explains delay in the of signing formal defense a agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga ' s four - visit day to India recently .
According to Professor S D Muni, South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University, the two-year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) are stalemated.
According Professor to D S Muni , South expert Asia at the Nehru Jawaharal University , two the - year peace talks between Colombo and the of Tigers Liberation Eelam Tamil LTTE ( ) are stalemated .
To Professor according S D Muni South , expert at Asia the Nehru Jawaharal University , the two - year peace between talks Colombo and the of Liberation Tigers Tamil Eelam LTTE ( ) are stalemated .
For that reason, he said, Kumaratunga's government was keen to beef up military preparedness with Indian support.
For that reason , said he , Kumaratunga ' s was government keen beef to military up with Indian preparedness support .
That for reason , he , said Kumaratunga ' s government was keen to up beef preparedness Indian military with support .
"The Sri Lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the LTTE from starting one.
" The Sri Lankan government want does not to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring from the LTTE one starting .
" The Lankan Sri government not does want initiate to a conflict would but be interested in deterring the LTTE starting from one .
And the Tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive," Muni told IPS.
And the Tigers as are look they if the on brink of launching another offensive , " Muni told IPS .
And the look Tigers as if they the on are brink of launching offensive another , Muni " told IPS .
Colombo held six rounds of talks with the Tigers between September 2002 and March 2003.
Held colombo six of rounds talks with the Tigers between 2002 September March and 2003 .
Colombo held six of rounds with talks the Tigers between 2002 September and 2003 March .
But last April, the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition, first, for the right to self-rule before proceeding any further.
But last April , rebels the abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition first , , the to for self right - rule before proceeding any further .
But April last , rebels the abruptly pulled of negotiations out demanding recognition , first for the , right to self - rule before any further proceeding .
Kumaratunga's India tour preceded a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002.
Kumaratunga ' s India tour a preceded three - day visit Sri to Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a bid new revive to peace the talks that were to supposed follow ceasefire a that successfully Oslo brokered in February 2002 .
Kumaratunga ' India s tour a preceded three - day to visit Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Jan Minister Petersen a in new bid revive to the peace talks that were to supposed a follow ceasefire Oslo that successfully in brokered February 2002 .
Petersen held discussions with both Kumaratunga and the reclusive LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi without success, and chief Tamil rebel negotiator Anton Balasingham and Norwegian envoy Erik Solheim held closed-door talks at the international airport late Saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track, diplomatic sources said.
Petersen held discussions both with Kumaratunga and the reclusive LTTE Velupillai in leader Prabhakaran the rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi without , success and chief Tamil rebel negotiator Anton Balasingham and Norwegian envoy Erik Solheim held closed - door at talks international the airport late Saturday in an effort to keep salvage the on effort track , diplomatic said sources .
Petersen discussions held with both and Kumaratunga the reclusive LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi without success , and chief negotiator Tamil rebel Anton Balasingham and Norwegian envoy Erik held Solheim closed - door talks at the international late airport in Saturday an effort keep to the effort on salvage track , diplomatic sources said .
But they, too, failed.
But they , too , failed .
They but , too failed , .
Colombo, too, seems to be in an intractable position.
Colombo , too , seems to be an in intractable position .
Colombo , too , be seems in to an intractable position .
According to former Indian army general A S Kalkat, the difficulty for Kumaratunga's government lay in the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control.
According to former Indian army general A S Kalkat the , Kumaratunga difficulty for ' s government lay in fact the that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the and north east the of island and was every aspect running of civil administration in the areas within its control .
According to former Indian army general S A Kalkat , the difficulty for Kumaratunga government ' s lay in the fact the that LTTE had become a jure de in the power north and east of the island was and running every of aspect civil in administration the areas within its control .
A veteran of India's military intervention in the Jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 Indo-Sri Lanka Peace Accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable LTTE - Kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment.
A of veteran India ' s military intervention in the to Jaffna peninsula help implement 1987 the Indo - Sri Lanka - Peace which Accord ambitiously provided for the disarming the of formidable LTTE - Kalkat the said new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration the of older one minus its military commitment .
A veteran of India ' s military in intervention Jaffna the peninsula to implement help 1987 the Indo - Peace Sri Lanka Accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable LTTE - Kalkat said new the defense deal essentially would be reiteration a of the one older minus its military commitment .
Kalkat, who currently chairs the independent US-based International Council on Conflict Resolution, said despite the failure of the Indian army to disarm or even subdue the Tigers, India remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks.
Kalkat , currently who chairs the US independent - based International Council on Conflict , Resolution the said despite failure the of Indian army to disarm or even subdue the Tigers , remained India only the power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .
Kalkat , who currently chairs independent US the - based International on Council Resolution Conflict , said despite the of failure the Indian to army disarm even or subdue the Tigers , India the remained only capable power of influencing the course of the peace current talks .
"The Norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the LTTE is keenly aware that they do not have the power [unlike India] to underwrite any arrangement," Kalkat told IPS in an interview.
" The Norwegians mean well but their role limited is to that honest of broker and the is LTTE keenly aware that do they not have the power [ unlike India ] to any underwrite , arrangement " Kalkat told in IPS interview an .
" The Norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that honest of broker and the is LTTE keenly aware they that do not the have power [ unlike India to ] any underwrite arrangement , " Kalkat told an IPS in interview .
In 1987, the Tamil Tigers reluctantly accepted the peace accord under Indian pressure.
1987 in , the Tamil Tigers reluctantly accepted peace the accord pressure under Indian .
In 1987 , Tigers the Tamil reluctantly accepted the peace accord under Indian pressure .
Under the accord, a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east.
The under accord , new a provincial northeastern council formed was and the Indian was army deployed peacekeepers in as the north and east .
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial was council formed and the Indian was deployed army peacekeepers as in north the and east .
However, differences between India and LTTE soon surfaced and led to clashes between Tiger guerrillas and the Indian peace keeping force.
However , between differences and India soon LTTE surfaced and led to clashes between Tiger guerrillas and the peace Indian keeping force .
However , between differences India LTTE and soon surfaced led and clashes to between Tiger guerrillas and the Indian keeping peace . force
About 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict.
1 about , Indian soldiers 200 killed were during this phase of the conflict .
About 1 , 200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase conflict of the .
India had to pull back its forces from Sri Lanka in 1989 following the election of Ranasinghe Premadasa, a strong critic of Indian mediation.
Had india pull to back its forces from Lanka Sri in 1989 following the of election Premadasa Ranasinghe , strong a critic of mediation Indian .
To india had pull back its forces from Lanka Sri 1989 following in the election of Ranasinghe Premadasa , a critic strong Indian of mediation .
Last June, an international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of US$4.5 billion.
June last , an international led Japan initiative by to persuade LTTE the to come to negotiating back the table failed despite an aid offer package of US 4 $ . 5 billion .
Last June an , international led initiative by Japan to persuade the to LTTE come to back the failed negotiating table an despite aid offer package US of $ 4 . 5 . billion
Japan's special envoy, Yasushi Akashi, who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released, came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man.
Japan envoy ' s special , Akashi Yasushi who , called for progress tangible in peace the process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a man frustrated .
Japan s ' special envoy , Akashi Yasushi , called who for tangible progress in the peace process before the money be would released , came from back to Colombo visits and Kilinochchi in early a November frustrated man .
He complained about the "visible lack of progress" and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides.
Complained he the about " visible lack of progress " and reaching impasse an in talks sides with . both
He complained the about " lack visible of and progress " reaching impasse an in talks with sides both .
The Tigers' chief ideologue, Balasingham, sniffed at the proposal saying that "a solution to the ethnic conflict cannot be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences, but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces."
The Tigers ' chief ideologue , Balasingham , at sniffed proposal the saying that " a to solution the cannot ethnic conflict be by predetermined the resolutions or of declarations donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict the constraints without external of forces . "
The Tigers ' chief ideologue , Balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a to solution the conflict ethnic cannot predetermined be by resolutions the declarations or donor conferences of , but to has be by negotiated the parties in conflict without the constraints of forces external . "
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making.
But are there strong hints in the country a that new Indo - Sri defense Lanka could deal be in the making .
But there hints are strong in the country a that new Indo - defense Sri Lanka deal could be in making the .
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka.
This and has already drawn from protests Tamil the Alliance National TNA ( ) was which by backed the LTTE in the April general elections in held Lanka Sri .
And this already has protests drawn from the Tamil Alliance ( National TNA ) which was by backed the LTTE the in April elections general in held Sri . Lanka
"Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process," TNA member of parliament P Sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement.
" Tamils feel that the proposed defense between agreement and India Lanka Sri would encourage Sinhala to rulers for another prepare war the abandoning current peace process , " TNA of member parliament Sithamparanathan P was quoted as saying a in statement .
" Tamils feel that the defense proposed between agreement India and Lanka Sri encourage would Sinhala rulers to prepare another for war abandoning the current peace process , " TNA member parliament of P was quoted Sithamparanathan in as saying a statement .
She added that recent visits to the island by India's top military brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have "caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island".
Added she that visits to recent the island India by ' s top military brass including army General chief Nirmal Vij Chander have " caused among apprehension Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in island the " .
Added she that recent to visits the by island India ' s military top including brass army chief General Chander Nirmal Vij have " apprehension caused among Tamils that preparations under way are another for war in the island " .
But Kalkat pointed out that India would be ill-advised to be involved again, militarily, with Sri Lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic Tamils in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu - separated from Sri Lanka's Jaffna peninsula by the narrow Palk Straits.
But Kalkat pointed out that India be would ill - to advised be involved again , militarily , with Lanka Sri if only because it still had to the consider sentiments of million 45 ethnic Tamils in Indian the state of Tamil - Nadu Sri separated from Lanka ' s Jaffna peninsula by narrow the Palk Straits .
But Kalkat pointed that out India would be ill - advised to be again involved , militarily , with Sri Lanka if only it still because had to consider the of sentiments 45 million Tamils ethnic in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu separated - from Lanka Sri ' s Jaffna peninsula the by Palk narrow Straits .
Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in 1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty.
Apart the from 1 , 200 Indian lives lost in 1987 , Indian the force peacekeeping was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu the Jaffna and peninsula but the also majority among Sinhalese who considered a it violation of their country ' s sovereignty .
From apart the 1 , 200 Indian lives lost in 1987 , the Indian peacekeeping immensely force was unpopular not only in Tamil and the Nadu Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority considered who of it a violation their country ' sovereignty s .
The best option, now, under the present difficult circumstances is for Colombo to do its own dirty work, although New Delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion, ethnicity and language cannot be the basis for secession.
The best option now , , under the difficult present circumstances is to for Colombo do its own dirty work , although New can always Delhi be on to counted render good neighborly because help of the belief shared that religion , ethnicity and language cannot be the basis for secession .
The option best , now , the present under difficult circumstances is for Colombo to its do own dirty work , although New Delhi always can be on counted to good render neighborly help because of the belief shared that religion , and ethnicity language cannot be the basis secession for .
In any case, Kalkat puts it succinctly: "There cannot be a military option to what is a political situation."
In case any , Kalkat it puts succinctly : " There cannot a be military option to what is a political situation . "
In any case , Kalkat puts it succinctly : There " be cannot a option military what to is situation political a . "
Asia Times Online 16/11/2004
Times asia Online / 16 11 / 2004
Asia times Online 16 / 11 / 2004
Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded.
Unreported by international the media , the of Valley Kashmir has seen ethnic an and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of all almost the Hindu families been have who there living since human habitation was first recorded .
Unreported by international the media , the Valley of Kashmir has seen ethnic an cultural and genocide that has in resulted fleeing from the the of valley almost the all Hindu families have who living been there since human habitation was first recorded .
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals.
Over nine dozen temples that served had the Hindu population been have destroyed , with some used building as and material others as . urinals
Nine dozen over temples served that had Hindu population the have been destroyed , with some used as building material and as others urinals .
Thus far, none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development.
Far thus , none of the " many rights human " busybodies across world the have to bothered even notice such a development .
Far thus , none the of many human " rights busybodies " the across world have bothered to even such a notice development .
Musharraf calls the bluff
Calls musharraf the bluff
Musharraf the calls bluff
M.D. Nalapat
M . . D Nalapat
. m D . Nalapat
While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with, few have been as brazen as Colin Powell.
While U most . S . of secretaries state - - save perhaps Rusk Dean - - have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they little had to with do few , have been brazen as as Powell Colin .
Most while . U S . of state secretaries - - save perhaps Dean - Rusk - have gobbled up credit for outcomes that had they to do little , with few have been brazen as as Colin Powell .
Two years ago, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements.
Two years ago , President Pakistani Musharraf Pervez was surprised when leader the the of main Islamist alliance - Maulana Fazlur - Rahman - - visited India and issued series a of conciliatory highly statements .
Two ago years , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf surprised was the when leader the of main Islamist alliance - - Rahman Maulana Fazlur - - visited India and issued series a highly of conciliatory statements .
As Pakistan's president had been telling the United States he was "forced" into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman, this was an embarrassment.
As pakistan ' president s had telling the been United States was he " forced " into taking hawkish a line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was embarrassment an .
As Pakistan ' president s been had telling the United States was he " forced " into a taking hawkish line on India by likes precisely the Rahman of , this was embarrassment . an
The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of Pakistan.
The reality is India is that no longer the of enemy choice the for people Pakistan of .
The reality India is that no longer is the enemy choice of for the people of Pakistan .
That distinction has now gone to the United States.
That distinction has now gone to the States United .
Distinction that has now to gone the States United .
Realists, and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott, who have long sought to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia, understand the only feasible solution for Kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo.
, realists and this includes even members of U the . S . Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Talbott Strobe , who have long sought to divest India its of defensive against capability another nuclear power in Asia understand , the feasible only solution for Kashmir the is acceptance of the quo status .
Realists , and this includes even members of U the . S . foreign Democratic policy establishment as such Strobe Talbott , who have sought long to divest India of its defensive capability against nuclear another in power Asia , understand the only feasible for Kashmir solution is the acceptance the of status quo .
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China (which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago) do likewise.
India keeps what it while has Pakistan and China ( was which gifted a slice of the territory decades three ago do likewise ) .
India what keeps it has while Pakistan and China ( was which a gifted slice of territory the three decades ago ) likewise do .
Simultaneously, New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan.
Simultaneously , Delhi New would ensure degree a of autonomy for that the help state would cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert into Kashmir a second Afghanistan .
Simultaneously , Delhi New would a ensure of degree autonomy for the state that would cut help popular support off jihadis from attempting to convert Kashmir a second into Afghanistan .
Bill Clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet, under Colin Powell (who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics), the pendulum of U.S. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the Valley of Kashmir loose from India.
Bill understood Clinton this at the end his of term in yet office , under Colin Powell ( who appears to an have affinity for generals active in politics ) the , of pendulum U . S . policy has once again a swung toward quixotic effort prize to at least the of Valley Kashmir loose from India .
Bill Clinton this understood at the end of term his in office yet , Colin under Powell who ( appears have to an for generals affinity active in politics ) , the pendulum of U . S . policy has once again swung toward quixotic a effort to prize at the least of Valley Kashmir loose from India .
This, Pakistan's lobbyist in Washington Christina Rocca has been told, is the "minimum" that the Pakistan army will accept.
This , Pakistan ' s lobbyist in Christina Washington Rocca been has , told is the " minimum " that the army Pakistan accept will .
, Pakistan this ' s in lobbyist Washington Rocca Christina has been , told is minimum the " " that the Pakistan army will accept .
It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can deliver.
Is it also more far than what any in administration New Delhi deliver can .
It also is more far what than any administration New in Delhi can deliver .
This writer has for years regarded the best solution to the Kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a Hindu-majority Jammu, a Buddhist-dominated Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim Kashmir Valley, with the third state given little of taxpayers' money but substantial autonomy.
Writer this has for years regarded the best to solution Kashmir the problem as being the of trifurcation Indian the part of the state into a Hindu - Jammu majority , a Buddhist - dominated the Ladakh and overwhelmingly Muslim Kashmir Valley , with the third given state little of taxpayers ' money but autonomy substantial .
This writer has for years the regarded best solution to the Kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of state the Hindu into a - Jammu majority , Buddhist a - dominated Ladakh and overwhelmingly the Muslim Kashmir Valley , the with third given state little of taxpayers money ' but substantial autonomy .
With luck, the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist, education and services haven within India.
With luck , the Kashmir Valley can investment from attract the East Middle and locations other where Muslims are and dominant become a tourist , education services and within haven India .
Luck with , the Valley can Kashmir attract from investment Middle the and East other where locations Muslims are dominant and a become tourist , and education services haven within India .
The overwhelming majority of Muslims in Kashmir would be happy with such an outcome, except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army, which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in Bangladesh in 1971.
The overwhelming majority of Muslims in Kashmir would be with happy an such , outcome except for the tiny jihadi segment by patronized U the . S . State Department and the Pakistan Army , would which like to even the score India with for catastrophic their defeat Bangladesh in in . 1971
Overwhelming the majority of Muslims in Kashmir would be with happy an such outcome , except for tiny the segment patronized jihadi by the U . S . State and Department the Pakistan Army , would which like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat Bangladesh in in 1971 .
Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded.
Unreported by international media the , the Valley of has Kashmir seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in fleeing the from the valley of almost the Hindu all families who been have there living since human habitation was first recorded .
By unreported the international media , the Valley Kashmir of has an ethnic seen cultural and genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley almost of all the Hindu families have who been living since there human habitation was first recorded .
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals.
Over dozen nine had temples that served the Hindu population have been destroyed with , some as used building material and as urinals others .
Over nine dozen temples that served the had Hindu population have been , destroyed with some used as building others material and as urinals .
Thus far, none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development.
, thus far of none the many " rights human " across busybodies the world have to bothered notice even such a development .
Thus far none , the of " many human " rights across busybodies the world have bothered even to such notice a development .
Indeed, their reports are filled with tales of the "atrocities" of Indian troops on the innocent jihadis.
, indeed their reports are filled with tales the of atrocities " of " Indian on the troops innocent jihadis .
Indeed , their reports are filled with tales the of atrocities " of " Indian troops jihadis on the innocent .
Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy.
Despite Sept 11 . , United the States still Kashmir supports groups the that back as jihad part of the price is Washington paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .
Despite sept . 11 , United the States still the supports Kashmir groups that jihad back as of the part price Washington is paying keep to Pervez happy Musharraf .
Unfortunately for them, the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad.
For unfortunately them , the general has decided to seriously Colin take Powell ' s frequent boasts that on was it his nudging that the Indians conciliatory gestures made Islamabad toward .
For them unfortunately , the general decided has take to seriously Colin Powell ' s boasts frequent it that was on his nudging that made the Indians conciliatory gestures Islamabad toward .
The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on Kashmir and, in most of them, the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova.
U the . S . State Department and the misnamed think that follow tanks its lead have held numerous conferences on Kashmir , and in most of them , the solution that emerged has a is loose valley prized from control Indian and under its own of version Ibrahim Rugova .
U the S . . State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow lead its have numerous held conferences on Kashmir and , most in of , them the solution that has emerged a is valley loose prized from control Indian under and its own version of Ibrahim Rugova .
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the "foreigner-led" Indian National Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism, has not struck the conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna.
That India not is Yugoslavia and that the " foreigner led - " Indian National Congress can afford to ignore least Indian has nationalism , not struck the conferees , whom among have been several Indian " scholars " and " analysts " ready to say and endorse anything for the of sake free a trip to New York or Vienna .
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the " - foreigner " led Congress Indian National can least afford to ignore nationalism Indian , not has struck the conferees , among whom have been Indian several " " scholars and " analysts " ready to say and endorse anything the for of sake a free trip to New York or Vienna .
Despite many wrinkles, India remains a part-democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent Kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op-ed piece against Sonia Gandhi or Atal Behari Vajpayee would instantly.
Despite many wrinkles , remains India a part democracy - and merely signing on to a piece of paper calls that for an Kashmir independent not get does you into the trouble writing that an op - piece against ed Sonia Gandhi or Atal Vajpayee Behari would instantly .
Despite wrinkles many , India remains a - democracy and part merely signing on to a piece of paper calls that for an independent Kashmir does get not you into trouble the that writing an op - ed piece Sonia against Gandhi or Atal Vajpayee Behari would . instantly
It was the business community in India that stepped in after Vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002, pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was China.
It business was the community in India that stepped in after Vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 pointing , out that the beneficiary only the of mythical perception that war - - nuclear especially war - was - around the in corner the subcontinent was China .
Was it the community in business India that stepped in after Vajpayee indulged in empty an bout of rattling saber in 2002 pointing , that out the only beneficiary of the mythical perception war that - - especially nuclear war - - was around the corner in the subcontinent China . was
The reason for this is that India is emerging as an alternative investment destination to China, hence the favor that the generals in Islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving India when in fact the real flashpoints are the Taiwan Straits and North Korea.
Reason the this for that is India is an emerging as alternative investment destination to China , hence the favor that generals the Islamabad in do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about involving war when India in the fact real flashpoints are the Taiwan Straits and North Korea .
Reason the for this is that India is as emerging an alternative investment destination to China , hence the favor that the generals in Islamabad their do to supplier of trusty and nukes missiles by creating a scare about war involving India in when fact the real flashpoints are the Taiwan Straits and North Korea .
Since then, India has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement: a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with China as well.
Since then , India has talked always peace while signaling only that the status would quo be acceptable as final a settlement : a of line that action is followed the in case disputes of China with as well .
Since then India has , talked while peace always signaling that the status only quo would be as acceptable a final settlement : a line action of that followed is in the case of disputes China with well as .
Unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in South Asia, Pervez Musharraf has now called Colin Powell's bluff, challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the Indians jump to his commands.
Unfortunately those for to eager indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution South in Asia , Pervez Musharraf has now Powell called Colin ' s bluff , challenging him to on deliver his statements frequent implying that Indians the to jump commands his .
Unfortunately for eager those to carry indefinitely on lucrative with the of business conflict resolution South Asia in , Pervez Musharraf has now called Colin Powell ' s bluff , challenging him to his deliver on frequent statements implying the that Indians jump to his commands .
Once the Manmohan Singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide, Musharraf will face the moment of truth: accept the inevitable, or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely Mumbai and New Delhi but London and Chicago as well.
Once the Manmohan Singh government it shows that has little appetite suicide for , Musharraf will the face of moment : truth accept the inevitable , or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn fresh a lot of that killers can hit not merely Mumbai New Delhi and but London and Chicago as well .
Once the Manmohan Singh government shows that it has little appetite for , suicide Musharraf will face the moment of truth : accept inevitable the , once or up again ramp the insurgency and spawn a fresh of lot can killers that hit not merely New Mumbai and Delhi but London and Chicago as well .
The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China.
One country the that has that it shown understands the in realities South Asia is China .
The one country that has that shown it the understands realities South in Asia . is China
Under President Hu Jintao, Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year, making friends by formally accepting Sikkim as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council -- thus leaving Washington as the only one of the "permanent five" that has not yet done so.
President Hu under , Jintao has Beijing opened out to New and Delhi Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year , friends making by formally accepting Sikkim as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U . N . Security - Council - leaving thus as Washington the only one of the " five permanent " that has not yet done so .
Under Hu President , Jintao Beijing has opened out to Delhi New and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends formally by accepting Sikkim as part of India backing and India as a permanent member of the U . N . Security Council - - thus Washington leaving as the of only the one " permanent five " that not has yet done so .
With Colin Powell around, the U.S. has no need of an Osama bin Laden
Colin with Powell around the , U . S . need has no an of Osama bin Laden
Colin Powell around with , the U . S . no has need of Osama an bin Laden
M.D. Nalapat, an expert on jihad, is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education, India.
M D . Nalapat . , an expert on jihad , professor is geopolitics of Manipal at the of Academy Higher Education , India .
M . D . Nalapat , an on expert jihad , is professor geopolitics of at the Academy Manipal Education Higher of , . India
Washington Times 28/10/2004
Washington Times / 28 10 2004 /
Washington times 28 / 10 / 2004
Ok.
. ok
. ok
We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam.
We all that know John Kerry in served . Vietnam
We all know John that Kerry served in Vietnam .
Four whole months, after which he took advantage of a little-known, little-invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his "band of brothers".
Whole four , months after he which took advantage of a little known - , little - regulation invoked that allowed to him desert his " of band brothers " .
Four , whole months after he which took of advantage a - little known little , - invoked regulation that allowed him his to desert " band brothers of " .
We also know how Dan Rather libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on a "60 Minutes II" report based largely on forged documents.
We also know how libeled Dan Rather George Bush and his impugned service in the Texas Air on National Guard " a 60 Minutes II " report based largely on documents forged .
Also we know Dan Rather how libeled George and Bush impugned his service in Texas the Air Guard on a National " 60 Minutes II " report based largely forged on documents .
During his time in the Guard, George Bush flew the F-102 Delta Dagger fighter-interceptor.
His during time in the Guard , Bush George the flew F - 102 Dagger Delta - fighter . interceptor
His during in time George the Guard , Bush flew the F - 102 Dagger Delta fighter - interceptor .
The F-102 saw service in the Vietnam theater between March 1962 and December 1969.
The F - 102 saw in service the theater Vietnam March between 1962 1969 and December .
F the - 102 saw service in Vietnam the theater between March 1962 and 1969 December .
During this time, F-102 squadrons were based out of Tan Son Nhut, Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam, and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailand.
Time during this , - F 102 squadrons were based out of Son Tan Da Nhut , Nang and Hoa Bien in Vietnam , Udorn and and Muang Don in Thailand .
This during , time F - squadrons 102 were based of out Tan Nhut Son , Da Nang Bien and Hoa in , Vietnam Udorn and and Don in Muang Thailand .
( Click here for source. )
( Click here for source . )
Click ( here for . source )
As far as George Bush knew, he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam.
Far as as George Bush knew , he and his could unit have been transferred to . Vietnam
As far as George Bush knew , he his and could unit have been to Vietnam . transferred
In all this so-called controversy, has anyone considered that perhaps George Bush just wanted to fly jets?
In this all so - controversy called , has anyone considered that perhaps George Bush just to wanted jets fly ?
All in this so - called controversy has , anyone that George considered perhaps Bush just wanted to jets fly ?
And, let's remember, flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous!
And , let s ' remember , supersonic flying fighter dangerous jets is !
And , ' let s flying remember , supersonic jets fighter is dangerous !
They don't let just anybody do it.
Don they ' t let anybody just it do .
Don ' they let t just anybody do it .
Some reporters (you know, the ones with journalistic ethics) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard.
Reporters some ( you know , the with journalistic ones ethics ) actually have uncovered truth the about George Bush ' service s in Air the Texas National . Guard
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with ) journalistic ethics have actually uncovered the about truth George Bush ' s service in Air the Texas National Guard .
For example, did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry?
Example , for did you know that George spent Bush considerably more time in than uniform Kerry John ?
Example for , did you know that George spent Bush considerably more uniform time in than Kerry John ?
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine (thanks to Dave Manzano).
What the follows is text of an e - mail to sent me by friend a of mine ( to thanks Manzano ) Dave .
What follows is text the e of an - mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to Dave Manzano ) .
Read on to learn the facts.
Read on learn to the . facts
Read to on learn facts the .
---------
---------
---------
Bushs National Guard years
Bush s  National Guard years
Bush  s National years Guard
Before you fall for Dems spin, here are the facts
Before fall you Dems for  spin , here are facts the
Before fall you Dems for  spin , here are facts the
What do you really know about George W. Bushs time in the Air National Guard?
Do what really you know about W George .  Bush s time in the Air National ? Guard
What do you about really know George W . Bush  time s in the Air National Guard ?
That he didnt show up for duty in Alabama?
That he didn show  t up duty for in Alabama ?
That he didn t  show up in for duty Alabama ?
That he missed a physical?
That he a missed physical ?
That missed he a physical ?
That his daddy got him in?
That daddy his him got in ?
That his got daddy him ? in
News coverage of the presidents years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time  to the exclusion of virtually everything else.
News president coverage of the s  years in the Guard tended has to on focus one brief portion of that time  exclusion to the of everything virtually else .
News coverage the of president  the s years in Guard has tended to focus on brief one of portion that time to  the exclusion virtually of everything . else
So just for the record, here, in full, is what Bush did:
So just for the record here , , in , full what Bush is did :
Just so for record the here , , in full , is Bush what did :
The future president joined the Guard in May 1968.
Future the president joined the in Guard 1968 May .
The future joined president the Guard in May 1968 .
Almost immediately, he began an extended period of training.
Almost immediately , he began an period extended of training .
Almost immediately , he extended an began period of training .
Six weeks of basic training.
Six of weeks basic training .
Six weeks of training basic .
Fifty-three weeks of flight training.
Three fifty - weeks of flight training .
Fifty three - weeks flight of training .
Twenty-one weeks of fighter-interceptor training.
Twenty - weeks of one fighter - interceptor . training
- twenty one of weeks fighter - training interceptor .
That was 80 weeks to begin with, and there were other training periods thrown in as well.
That was 80 to weeks begin with , and there were other training thrown periods in well as .
Was that 80 weeks begin with to , and there were other periods training in thrown as well .
It was full-time work.
It was - full work time .
It full was - time . work
By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years.
The by time it was over Bush served , had nearly two years .
By the time it over was , had Bush two served nearly years .
Not two years of weekends.
Not two years weekends of .
Not two of years weekends .
Two years.
Years two .
Two . years
After training, Bush kept flying, racking up hundreds of hours in F-102 jets.
Training after , kept flying Bush , up racking of hundreds hours in F - 102 jets .
After training , kept Bush flying , up racking of hundreds in hours F - jets 102 .
As he did, he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements.
He as did , he points accumulated his toward National service Guard requirements .
As he did , points he accumulated toward National his Guard requirements service .
At the time, guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation.
At time the , required guardsmen were to accumulate a of minimum 50 to points their meet yearly obligation .
At the time , required guardsmen were to accumulate minimum a of 50 points to their meet yearly obligation .
According to records released earlier this year, Bush earned 253 points in his first year, May 1968 to May 1969 (since he joined in May 1968, his service thereafter was measured on a May-to-May basis).
According to records released earlier this year , Bush 253 earned in points his year first , May 1968 to May 1969 since ( he joined in 1968 May , his service was thereafter measured on a - May to - basis May ) .
According to records earlier released this , year Bush earned 253 points his in first year , 1968 May May to 1969 ( since he joined in May 1968 service , thereafter his was measured on a May - to basis - May ) .
Bush earned 340 points in 1969-1970.
Bush 340 earned points in 1969 1970 - .
Earned bush 340 in points 1969 - 1970 .
[In other words, Bush earned enough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch in 1969-1970 alone.
[ other In words , Bush earned enough to points the satisfy requirements for his entire six hitch year - in 1969 alone 1970 .
[ In other words , Bush enough earned points to the requirements satisfy his entire for six year in hitch 1969 - 1970 . alone
- acd]
- ] acd
- ] acd
He earned 137 points in 1970-1971.
He earned 137 in points 1970 1971 - .
Earned he 137 points in 1970 1971 - .
And he earned 112 points in 1971-1972.
He earned and 112 points 1971 in - 1972 .
He 112 and earned points in 1971 - 1972 .
The numbers indicate that in his first four years, Bush not only showed up, he showed up a lot.
Numbers the indicate in that his four first years , Bush not showed only up , he showed up lot . a
The numbers indicate that his in first four years Bush , not only showed up , he showed up a lot .
Did you know that?
You did know that ?
Did know you that ?
That brings the story to May 1972  the time that has been the focus of so many news reports  when Bush deserted (according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore) or went AWOL (according to Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee).
That brings the story to May 1972 the  time that has been the focus of many so reports  news when Bush deserted   ( according to anti - Bush filmmaker Michael Moore ) or went  AWOL  to ( according Terry , McAuliffe chairman the of Democratic Committee National ) .
That the brings story to May  1972 the that time has the been focus so of many news reports  when Bush  deserted (  according to anti - filmmaker Bush Michael Moore ) or went  AWOL  ( to McAuliffe according Terry , chairman of the Democratic National Committee ) .
Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign.
Bush asked for permission to to go Alabama work on to a Senate campaign .
Asked bush for permission go to to Alabama to a work on Senate campaign .
His superior officers said OK.
His officers superior said OK .
His superior officers OK said .
Requests like that werent unusual, says retired Col. William Campenni, who flew with Bush in 1970 and 1971.
That requests like  weren t unusual , retired says . Col William Campenni , who flew with Bush in and 1970 . 1971
Requests like that  weren unusual t , Col says retired . William Campenni , who flew with Bush in 1970 1971 and .
In 1972, there was an enormous glut of pilots, Campenni says.
 in 1972 , there an was enormous glut pilots of ,  Campenni says .
 In , 1972 was there an enormous glut of pilots ,  says . Campenni
The Vietnam War was winding down, and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs.
 The War Vietnam was winding down , and Force the Air was putting pilots in desk jobs .
 The Vietnam was War winding down , the and Air was Force putting pilots in desk jobs .
In 72 or 73, if you were a pilot, active or Guard, and you had an obligation and wanted to get out, no problem.
In  72 73 or  , if you were a pilot , active or , Guard and you had an obligation and wanted out to get , . no problem
In  72 or  73 , a if you were pilot , or Guard active and , you an had obligation wanted and to out get , no problem .
In fact, you were helping them solve their problem.
In fact , you were helping solve them their .  problem
Fact in , you helping were solve them their problem . 
So Bush stopped flying.
So Bush flying stopped .
So Bush flying stopped .
From May 1972 to May 1973, he earned just 56 points  not much, but enough to meet his requirement.
May from 1972 to May 1973 he , earned just 56 points  not much , but enough meet to requirement his .
From May to 1972 May 1973 , earned he just 56 points  much not , enough but meet to requirement his .
Then, in 1973, as Bush made plans to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School, he again started showing up frequently.
, then in 1973 as , made Bush plans to leave the Guard and go to Business Harvard , School he again showing started frequently . up
Then , in 1973 , Bush as made to plans the leave go and Guard Harvard to School Business , he again started showing up frequently .
In June and July of 1973, he accumulated 56 points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 year.
In June July of and 1973 he , 56 points accumulated , enough meet to the minimum for requirement the 1973 - 1974 year .
In June and of July 1973 , accumulated he 56 points , enough to meet the requirement for minimum the - 1973 1974 year .
Then, at his request, he was given permission to go.
, then at his request , he given was permission go to .
, then at his , request he was given permission go to .
Bush received an honorable discharge after serving five years, four months and five days of his original six-year commitment.
An bush received honorable discharge after serving five years , four months and days five his of original six - year commitment .
Received bush an honorable discharge after serving five years , four months five and of days his original six - commitment year .
By that time, however, he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service.
By time that , however , he had enough accumulated points in each year to cover six service years of .
That time by , , he however had accumulated enough in points each year to cover years six of service .
During his service, Bush received high marks as a pilot.
His service during , Bush received high marks as pilot a .
During his , Bush service received high marks as pilot a .
A 1970 evaluation said Bush clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot and was a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership.
1970 a evaluation said Bush  clearly stands as out a top fighter notch interceptor  pilot and was  natural a leader whom contemporaries his look for to leadership . 
1970 a  evaluation said Bush clearly out stands as a top fighter notch interceptor pilot  and was  natural a leader whom his contemporaries to look for . leadership 
A 1971 evaluation called Bush an exceptionally fine young officer and pilot who continually flies intercept missions with the unit to increase his proficiency even further.
A 1971 evaluation Bush called  an exceptionally fine young officer pilot and   who continually intercept missions flies the unit increase with to his proficiency even further . 
1971 a evaluation  called Bush fine an exceptionally young officer and  pilot who  continually intercept flies missions with the unit to increase his proficiency even further . 
And a 1972 evaluation called Bush an exceptional fighter interceptor pilot and officer.
A and 1972 evaluation called Bush an  exceptional interceptor pilot fighter and officer . 
And a 1972 evaluation called Bush  an exceptional fighter interceptor pilot and officer . 
Now, it is only natural that news reports questioning Bushs service  in The Boston Globe and The New York Times, on CBS and in other outlets  would come out now.
Now , it only is that natural news reports questioning Bush  service s in The  Globe Boston and The New York Times , on and CBS in outlets other  would come out now .
Now , it only is that natural news reports Bush  service questioning s  in The Boston Globe and New The York Times , on and in CBS other outlets  would come now out .
Democrats are spitting mad over attacks on John Kerrys record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.
Are democrats spitting mad over John attacks on Kerry  s by record group the Boat Swift Veterans for Truth .
Are democrats spitting over mad attacks on John Kerry s  record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for . Truth
And, as it is with Kerry, its reasonable to look at a candidates entire record, including his military service  or lack of it.
, and as it Kerry is with , it s  reasonable to look at a candidate  s entire , record including his military service or  lack of . it
, and as it is with Kerry ,  it reasonable s to a look at candidate s  entire , record including his service military  or of lack it .
Voters are perfectly able to decide whether its important or not in November.
Are voters perfectly able to decide it whether  s or important not November in .
Voters are perfectly able to decide whether it  s important or not November . in
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans attack, but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons.
The Kerry camp blames Bush for Swift the boat veterans attack  , but who anyone has spent time much talking the to the Swifties gets sense that they are doing it entirely for own their reasons .
The kerry camp blames Bush for Swift the boat veterans  attack , anyone but who has much time spent talking the to Swifties the gets sense they that are doing entirely it for their own reasons .
And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally questioned Bushs service, while Bush has not personally questioned Kerrys.
And it be should noted in passing that Kerry has personally Bush questioned  service s , while has Bush not personally Kerry questioned s  .
And it should be noted in Kerry passing that has questioned personally Bush  service s , while not Bush has personally questioned  s Kerry .
In April  before the Swift boat veterans had said a word  Kerry said Bush has yet to explain to America whether or not, and tell the truth, about whether he showed up for duty.
In April  before Swift the boat had veterans said word a  Kerry said  has Bush yet explain to to America whether not or , tell and the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . 
In April  the before Swift boat had veterans said word  a Kerry said Bush  has yet to to explain America or whether not , and tell truth the , about whether he showed up duty for . 
Earlier, Kerry said, Just because you get an honorable discharge does not, in fact, answer that question.
Kerry earlier , , said  Just because you an get honorable does not discharge , in fact , that answer question . 
, Kerry earlier said ,  Just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact answer , question that  .
Now, after the Swift boat episode, the spotlight has returned to Bush.
Now , Swift after the episode boat , the has spotlight returned to Bush .
Now , after the boat Swift , episode spotlight the has returned Bush to .
Thats fine.
 that s fine .
 that s fine .
We should know as much as we can.
We should know much as as we . can
We should much know as as we can .
And perhaps someday Kerry will release more of his military records as well.
And perhaps will someday release Kerry more of his military records well as .
And someday perhaps Kerry will release of more military records his as well .
Byron York is a White House correspondent for National Review.
Byron York is White a House correspondent for National Review .
York byron is a White House for correspondent Review National .
His column appears in The Hill each week.
Column his appears in Hill The each week .
Column his appears in The Hill week each .
One week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie, yet strikingly familiar.
One week to elections and day atmosphere the in general the capital eerie is , yet strikingly familiar .
One week to elections and day the general atmosphere in the is capital eerie yet , strikingly familiar .
I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week.
Suspect I the streets of Baghdad will as look if a is war this looming . week
I suspect the streets of Baghdad look will if a as war looming is week this .
There is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30 January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives, but at the same time, many others are already dreading it.
Is there no doubt that Iraqis many regard the date of 30 January as a of day hope renewed , one they have been awaiting all their , lives but at same the , time many are others already dreading it .
There is no that doubt many regard Iraqis the date of 30 January as day a of renewed hope , one been they have awaiting all their lives , but at the same , time many are others already dreading . it
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections, but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 (or so) balloting centres.
The government interim has promised security measures that reduce would the violence day on the of but elections , I fail to see how they will be to able protect all 5 , ( 000 or so ) balloting centres .
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce violence the the on day elections of , I but fail to see they will how be able to protect all 5 , ( 000 so or ) balloting centres .
Many voting centres have already been successfully attacked or destroyed in many areas.
Voting centres many have already attacked been successfully or destroyed in many areas .
Many voting centres have been already or successfully attacked in destroyed many areas .
Now that the picture is clear, the two main competing lists seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and Allawi's Al-Iraqiya list.
Now that picture the is clear , the two main lists competing seem to be United the Iraqi Coalition and list Allawi ' s Al - Iraqiya list .
Now that picture is the clear , the main two competing seem lists to the be United Iraqi list Coalition and Allawi ' s - Al Iraqiya . list
Ayad Allawi, and other ministers running on his list, have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning.
Ayad allawi , and ministers other running on list his , have quite expectedly used their positions governmental campaigning in .
Allawi ayad , and other ministers running on his list , quite have expectedly used their governmental in campaigning positions .
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar 'gifts' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi, a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis.
Minister one reportedly handed 100 out dollar ' gifts ' journalists attending to press a for conference Allawi a , practice that back brings bad to memories many Iraqis .
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts to ' journalists conference attending a for press Allawi , practice a that brings back bad to memories many Iraqis .
Sheikh Naji Al-Abbudi, a spokesman for Sistani, affirmed the claims that the Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition list.
Sheikh Naji Al - Abbudi a , spokesman Sistani for , the affirmed claims the that Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition . list
Naji sheikh Al - Abbudi , a spokesman Sistani for affirmed , the claims that the Grand Ayatollah backing the is United Iraqi Coalition list .
Indeed, Sistani's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections, which has led to the assassination of at least two of them.
, indeed Sistani s ' agents all the over country have quite been active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has to led the assassination of least at two of them .
Indeed Sistani , ' agents s all over the country been have active quite in Iraqi educating Shia on the merits elections of , has which led the to assassination of at least two of them .
Al-Abbudi stated that "His Emminence" decided to openly support the list because "others" (obviously a reference to Allawi) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning.
- al Abbudi stated " that Emminence His " decided openly to support the list because " others " ( a obviously reference to Allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media in outlets campaigning . their
- al Abbudi stated that His " " Emminence to decided openly support because the list " others " ( obviously a reference to Allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media in outlets their . campaigning
Again there is no official written statement from Sistani's office confirming this allegation, which I think is intentional.
Again there no is statement official written Sistani from ' s office confirming this allegation , I which is think intentional .
Again there no is written official statement from Sistani ' s office this confirming allegation , I which think is intentional .
Ahmed Al-Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al-Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media.
Ahmed - Al Chalabi defense minister and Al Hazim - ' Sha lan have been engaging in public shrill attacks the over media .
Ahmed Al - and defense Chalabi Hazim minister Al - Sha ' lan have been in engaging public shrill over attacks media the .
Chalabi describing Sha'lan as a "Ba'athist" and a "former double agent for Saddam and the CIA", while Sha'lan dismisses Chalabi as a "thief" and an "Iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending Iran".
Chalabi describing Sha ' lan a as " Ba ' athist " and a " former double agent Saddam for and CIA the " , while ' Sha lan dismisses as Chalabi " a thief " and an " Iranian stooge who longs for origins his own by defending Iran " .
Chalabi describing Sha ' lan a as " Ba ' athist " and " a former agent double for and Saddam the CIA " while , Sha ' lan dismisses as Chalabi a " thief " and an " who Iranian stooge longs for own his origins defending by Iran " .
One remark made by Sha'lan on Al-Arabiya TV, that he couldn't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor.
Remark one made Sha by ' lan on - Al Arabiya , TV he that couldn ' t say more about Chalabi because would embarrass he and himself the made viewers almost me roll on the floor .
One made remark Sha by ' on lan Al - TV Arabiya , that couldn he ' more t say about Chalabi because would he embarrass and himself the viewers almost made me roll on floor the .
It was an extremely amusing episode, watching Chalabi looking smug and amused, contrasted with Sha'lan, all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing.
Was an amusing it episode extremely , watching Chalabi looking and smug amused , contrasted with Sha ' lan , all serious barely and himself keeping from swearing .
Was it an extremely episode amusing , watching Chalabi looking and smug , amused contrasted with Sha ' lan , all serious and keeping barely himself swearing from .
Fistfights, please.
, fistfights please .
, fistfights please .
Hazim Al-Sha'lan, by the way, is the son of the late Sheikh of Al-Khaza'il in Diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister, M.S. Al-Sahaf, in his nonsensical media statements, which can be passed as jokes.
Al hazim Sha - ' lan by , the way is , of the son late Sheikh the of Al - Khaza ' il in Diwaniya and has the potential to replace information former minister , M . S Al . - Sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .
Hazim Al - Sha ' , lan by way , the is the son of the late Sheikh of Al - Khaza il ' in Diwaniya has and potential the to replace information former minister , M . S . Al Sahaf - , in nonsensical his media statements , which can be as passed jokes .
The main Kurdish coalition list (PUK and KDP) is barely mentioned outside the Kurdish region.
The main coalition Kurdish list ( PUK KDP and ) barely is mentioned outside the . Kurdish region
The coalition main Kurdish list PUK ( and KDP ) is barely mentioned the outside region Kurdish .
Even there, many Kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power.
Even there , Kurds many look and act as if are going they to grab chance the to vote them of out power .
There even many , Kurds look act and as they if are grab going to chance the to vote them out of power .
I doubt that will be the outcome though.
Doubt I that will be outcome the though .
Doubt I that be will the outcome though .
Many Iraqis, including conservative and religious Iraqis, are surprisingly rooting for the Iraqi Communist party, probably in an attempt to counter the influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National Assembly.
Many Iraqis , including conservative and religious are Iraqis , surprisingly rooting for Iraqi the Communist party , in probably an attempt to counter the influence of in the Islamists forthcoming Assembly . National
Iraqis many , including conservative and religious Iraqis , surprisingly are rooting for the Iraqi party Communist , probably an in to attempt the counter influence Islamists of in the forthcoming National . Assembly
The Communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in Iraq.
The has party Communist the largest number registered of party members in country the be and considered can as the oldest popular political party in Iraq .
Communist the party has largest the of number registered party members country in the and be can considered as the popular political oldest party in Iraq .
Its support base is much larger than what it seems.
Support its base much is larger than what seems it .
Its support base is larger much what than seems it .
***
***
***
Several candidates were assassinated and targeted these last two weeks, others have been forced under threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the Islamic party.
Several were candidates assassinated targeted and last these two weeks , others have forced been under threats withdraw to and the to follow example of the party Islamic .
Several were candidates assassinated and these targeted last two weeks , have others been under forced withdraw threats to and the to follow example of the Islamic party .
Sectarian tensions are at their highest since April, 2004, with Sunni insurgents now openly attacking Husseiniyas and Shia mosques.
Tensions sectarian at are their since highest April , , 2004 with Sunni insurgents now openly Husseiniyas attacking and mosques Shia .
Sectarian tensions at are highest their April since , 2004 with , Sunni now insurgents openly Husseiniyas attacking and Shia mosques .
I had an interesting conversation with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya, Baghdad.
I had an interesting conversation with middle a - aged driver taxi who to live used and in Fallujah is now at relatives in Amiriya , Baghdad .
An I had interesting with conversation middle a - aged taxi driver who to used in live Fallujah and now is at relatives in , Amiriya Baghdad .
After asking me which tribe I belong to (thus assessing my sectarian background) he started hurling abuses at the Shia, calling them Persians, Majoos (fire worshippers), rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that I can't mention here.
After asking which me tribe I belong to thus ( sectarian assessing my background ) started he hurling abuses at the Shia , calling Persians them , Majoos ( fire worshippers ) , dogs rabid and a handful of descriptions that other I can ' t here mention .
After asking me which tribe I belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) started he hurling at the abuses Shia calling , them Persians , Majoos fire ( worshippers ) , rabid and dogs a handful other of descriptions that I can t ' mention here .
He described Allawi's face as that of a f*ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and traitors.
He described ' Allawi s as face that of a * f ed horse and he dismissed the whole government a as band of thieves and traitors .
He described Allawi s ' face as of that a f horse * ed and dismissed he the whole government a as of band thieves traitors and .
I didn't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess.
I didn t argue ' him with I but asked him what he believed would be a viable solution this to . mess
I didn ' t argue with him but I asked him believed what he would be a viable solution this to . mess
He said that resistance was the only commonsense solution.
Said he resistance that was the only solution commonsense .
Said he that was resistance only the commonsense solution .
First driving out the Americans, then fighting the Shia back into submission (as in 1991).
Driving first out the Americans , then the Shia fighting back submission into as ( in 1991 ) .
Driving first the out Americans then , fighting the Shia submission back into ( as in 1991 ) .
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation.
Sunni Iraqis that contend are elections impossible to hold under . occupation
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections impossible are to occupation hold under .
Leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region, Sunnis have never offered an alternative choice, which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the Fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement.
Leaving aside the that fact this conflicts views with other examples historical in the region , Sunnis have never offered an choice alternative , which eventually leads one guess to that the held opinion by the Fallujan taxi above driver is what precisely they are planning to implement .
Leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with historical other examples in the , region Sunnis never have offered alternative an choice , eventually leads which one to guess that the opinion held by the Fallujan taxi driver above what is they precisely planning are to implement .
I had another conversation some months ago with a retired Ba'athist old-timer who claimed that Ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an American withdrawal.
I another had conversation some ago months with a retired ' Ba athist old - who timer that claimed Ba ' athists have the means to stage a third d coup ' etat return and to power within hours 10 of an American withdrawal .
Had I conversation another some ago months with a retired Ba ' athist - old timer who claimed Ba that ' athists have the means stage to a coup third d ' etat return and power to within 10 hours an of American withdrawal .
On sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that Ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command, even though many have formed seperate cells (often under Islamic labels) with their own leaderships.
On sensing my incredulity to his statement he that asserted Ba ' athist cells in exist all parts of the country that and they have do a central command , though even formed many have seperate ( cells often Islamic labels under ) with their own leaderships .
On my to sensing incredulity his statement asserted he that ' Ba athist cells exist in all parts of the and country that they do have a command central even , though many have formed seperate cells ( under Islamic often labels ) with their own leaderships .
He said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbouring and regional governments.
He that said they the have and training funding the as well as support the of and neighbouring regional governments .
That he said they have the training and the funding as as well the support neighbouring regional of and governments .
I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates, along with the capital, if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely.
I concur ' that Ba athists and security former are forces capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out 18 of governorates along , with the capital , if Americans are to removed be from picture the entirely .
That I concur Ba ' athists and former security are forces capable of immediately controlling least at 5 out 18 of governorates along , with capital the , if Americans are be to removed from the picture entirely .
But I also see that as a fatal misconception, which is doing Sunnis harm, because I don't believe the US is going anywhere so soon.
But I see that also as fatal a misconception , which is doing Sunnis , harm I because don ' believe t the US going is anywhere so soon .
But I also see as that a fatal misconception , is which doing harm Sunnis because , I don t ' believe US the is anywhere going so soon .
Any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this, so not even Sistani is going to call the US to withdraw its troops, despite what he is saying now, not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture, or that they have an alternative foreign power (in this case Iran) to back them up.
Any government that power after assumes the also elections realises this , so not even Sistani is going to call the US to withdraw its troops , despite what he is saying now , not they until are ensured the insurgency is out picture of the , that or they have an alternative ( foreign power in this case Iran ) to back up them .
Any assumes government that power after the elections also realises , this so not even Sistani is going to the call US to withdraw its troops , despite what he is saying now , not until they are ensured insurgency the is of out the picture , that or they have an alternative power foreign ( in this Iran case ) to back them . up
The only hope now is that, following the elections, the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties.
The only hope now that is , following the , elections the Assembly National would the offer hand of peace reconciliation and the to dissenting parties .
The only hope now that is , following the elections , the National Assembly would offer the of hand peace reconciliation and the to dissenting parties .
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics, since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority.
I suggest would going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , they have since the hand upper in their areas can and effectively any root out Ba athists ' in their midst in for return promise a of sharing power and authority .
I would suggest going tribal for Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they upper have the in their hand areas and root can effectively out any Ba ' athists in midst their in return for promise a of sharing and power authority .
Many of these Sheikhs have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years.
Of many these have Sheikhs been disenfranchised abused and over the last years two .
Many these of Sheikhs have been disenfranchised and over abused the two years last .
Very recently, US forces in Al-Anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing Abdul-Razaq Inad Al-Gu'ud, Sheikh of the Al-Bu Nimr clan from the powerful Dulaym tribe.
Recently very , forces in US Al Anbar made - a terrible by blunder killing accidentally Abdul - Razaq Inad Al - Gu ' , ud Sheikh of the Al - Bu Nimr clan from the powerful Dulaym tribe .
Very recently , forces US Al in - Anbar made a terrible blunder by killing accidentally Abdul - Razaq Inad Gu Al - ' ud , Sheikh of the Al - Bu from Nimr the clan Dulaym powerful . tribe
Al-Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government.
- al Gu ' ud had favoured elections and in was good with terms the government .
- al Gu ' had ud elections favoured and was in terms good the with government .
The Gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of Al-Anbar governor some months back.
The gu ' ud family accepted even to be offered the Al seat of - Anbar governor some months . back
Gu the ' ud family even to accepted be offered the of seat Al - Anbar months governor back some .
The Al-Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al-Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al-Dulaymi, an Air Force general belonging to their tribe.
The Al - Bu in Ramadi Nimr and Al - Qaim in rose arms against in Saddam the - mid nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al - Dulaymi , Air an belonging Force general to their tribe .
The Al - Bu Nimr and in Ramadi Al - Qaim in rose arms against in Saddam mid the nineties - following the of Thamir execution Al Madhlum - Dulaymi , Air an Force general belonging to their tribe .
The revolt took two weeks to be suppressed by the Republican Guard.
Revolt the took two weeks be to suppressed by Republican the Guard .
The took revolt two weeks be to suppressed the by Republican Guard .
Another bad step was the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al-Lihabi, of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of Al-Anbar, Mosul and Salah Al-Din.
Bad another was step the recent arrest Sheikh of Hassan - Al Lihabi , of the Lihaib which tribe between scattered is the governorates of - Al Anbar , Mosul Salah and Al - Din .
Another bad step was recent the arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al - Lihabi , the of Lihaib tribe which is scattered between of the governorates Al Anbar - , and Mosul Al Salah Din - .
Al-Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident.
Al - was Lihaibi running in and elections is said now have to withdrawn following this . incident
- al Lihaibi was running in elections is and said now have to withdrawn following incident this .
I believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq.
National I believe reconciliation to be the path only forward to a new . Iraq
I believe reconciliation national the to be only path forward to a Iraq new .
The Shia cannot live without the Sunnis, and vice versa.
The Shia cannot the live without Sunnis and , vice versa .
Shia the cannot live the Sunnis without , and vice versa .
Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other.
Have both this shared country for the last centuries 14 there is and no possible way that can one live the without other .
Both have shared country this for last the 14 centuries and is there no way possible that can live one the without other .
Even partition is not a possibility, there are no clear borders between the two.
Is even partition not a possibility there , are clear no borders between the two .
Even is partition not a possibility , there no are borders clear the between two .
Remember Luis Posada Carriles ?
Remember Posada Luis Carriles ?
Luis remember Posada Carriles ?
Here's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo, published yesterday.
Here ' a s Miami interview Herald with the relaxed and terrorist former operative CIA in a luxury condo , . published yesterday
' here s Miami a Herald with interview the relaxed and terrorist former operative CIA in luxury a condo , published yesterday .
("At first I hid a lot.
( " At first hid I lot a .
( " At first I hid a lot .
I thought the US government was looking for me.
I the thought US was government looking me for .
I the thought US was looking government for me .
Now I hide a lot less.")
Now I a hide less lot . " )
Now I a lot hide less . " )
Because of such talk, Posada has been taken into custody by Immigration officials.
Such because of talk , Posada has into been taken custody by Immigration officials .
Because such of Posada talk , has been taken into custody Immigration by officials .
I can't imagine they wanted to do this.
I ' can t imagine to they wanted do this .
I can ' t they imagine wanted this to do .
Authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about Posada's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug.
Authorities would likely have happy been answering questions about Posada ' s an with whereabouts indefinite . shrug
Authorities would likely have been happy answering questions Posada about ' whereabouts s with indefinite an shrug .
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country.
Recently as as last week the line official they stated had no knowledge he had entered the country .
As as recently last week the official line stated no they had knowledge he had the entered . country
But comfortable among the thugs, Posada overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron, the US government.
Comfortable but among the thugs , Posada his overplayed hand embarrassed and his patron old the US , government .
But comfortable among thugs the , Posada his hand overplayed and his embarrassed old patron US , the government .
And though he'd been a faithful servant, he was not such a player that he could get away with that.
And he though ' a d faithful been servant , he was such not a player that he get away could with that .
Though and he ' d been a servant faithful he , was a such not player that he get could away with that .
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiring.
He should have a cue taken from another bomber some pesky - foreigners dark skinned want extradited , operative CIA Michael Meiring .
He should a have taken cue from another bomber some dark pesky skinned - foreigners extradited want , CIA operative Michael . Meiring
Posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like Meiring told the single American reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the Philippines, that "If this harms me in any way, you will find my power then, and you'll find out who I am."
Posada have should told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something Meiring like told the American single reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from Philippines the , " that If this harms me in any way , will you find my power then , and you ll ' find out who am I . "
Posada should have any told inquisitive journalist at something his doorstep like Meiring the told American reporter single who bothered following his bloody trail from the , Philippines that " If this harms me in any way , you find will power my , then and you ' ll find out who I am . "
But then, maybe that wouldn't have saved him either, because Posada is not Meiring.
But then , wouldn maybe that ' t have him saved either , Posada because not is Meiring .
But , then wouldn maybe that ' t have saved him either , Posada because is Meiring not .
Posada can be given up, but Meiring can't.
Can posada be given up , Meiring but ' can t .
Can posada given be up , but Meiring can ' . t
Meiring's crimes are fresh, and wave the false flag which is the "War on Terror."
' meiring crimes s fresh , are and wave the false which flag is the " on War Terror . "
' meiring are s crimes fresh , wave and the false which flag is " the War on Terror . "
They happened in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other.
They happened in Philippines the which Pakistan , like , is an important and vulnerable for node the business which intelligence agencies organizations and terrorist with conduct each other .
They happened in the which Philippines , like Pakistan , an is important and node vulnerable for the business which agencies intelligence conduct and terrorist organizations with each other .
(Ask Terry Nichols about the Philippines.)
( Terry Ask about Nichols the Philippines . )
( Terry Ask Nichols about Philippines the . )
The bombings implicated Muslims, and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit.
Bombings the implicated , Muslims and regional exacerbated tensions which the Bush regime and its wearing the friends brass in the Philippine military sought to . exploit
Bombings implicated the Muslims , exacerbated tensions and regional which the Bush and its regime friends wearing the brass in the Philippine sought military to exploit .
Posada's crimes, on the other hand, must seem like ancient history, especially to a people who don't know their history.
' posada s crimes , on the hand , other must seem ancient like history , to especially a people who ' don t know their history .
' posada s , crimes the hand on other , must seem ancient like history , especially to people a don who ' t know their history .
And to those who don't even know their crimes, not even that.
To those and who ' don t know even their crimes , not even that .
And to who those don ' even t their know crimes , not that even .
But will Posada be given up?
But Posada will given be up ?
But will Posada be given up ?
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela, which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes.
Doubt I will he be extradited to Venezuela which , is the only way that could question be with answered Yes a .
Doubt I he will extradited to be Venezuela , which is the only way that could question be answered with . a Yes
I expect it will be determined that, under "Strong Man" Hugo Chavez, Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial.
I expect it will determined be that , under " Man Strong " Hugo Chavez , Posada not could be guaranteed a fair trial .
I expect it be will that determined , under Strong " Man " Chavez Hugo , could Posada be not a guaranteed fair trial .
The hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi-like puppet in Caracas.
Hope the may be Posada can that be soon offered to a post - Chavez Allawi - like puppet in Caracas .
Hope the may that be Posada soon can be to offered a post - Allawi Chavez - like in puppet Caracas .
Whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference; justice would not be served then.
Such whether an offer were accepted would or declined no make difference justice ; not would be served then .
Whether such an offer were or accepted make would declined difference no ; justice would not be served . then
But Posada's nearly 80 years old, and the Venezuelan people will ensure that's a vain hope.
But Posada s ' 80 years nearly old , and the people Venezuelan ensure that will ' s a vain hope .
But ' Posada s nearly 80 years , old and Venezuelan people the ensure will that ' s a hope vain .
So instead Posada may be held indefinitely, in comfortable custody.
So instead may Posada held be indefinitely , in custody comfortable .
Instead so Posada be may held , indefinitely in comfortable custody .
An embarrassment to the US still, just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about Miami, gloating in his freedom.
An embarrassment the to US still , just not as as embarrassing having the killer old about Miami strut , gloating his in freedom .
An embarrassment the to US still , not just embarrassing as as having the old strut killer Miami about gloating , in his freedom .
Meiring is more than an embarrassment.
Is meiring more than an . embarrassment
Meiring more is than embarrassment an .
His case threatens the consensus fiction of the "War on Terror."
His case threatens the consensus fiction of " War the on Terror . "
His case the threatens consensus fiction of the " War Terror on . "
So his name will remain unspoken.
His so name will unspoken remain .
So name his will unspoken remain .
Another connection to Philippine terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the 1980s- is alleged in the book Disposable Patriot, by Jack Terrell.
Another to connection Philippine and terror weapons smuggling - from dating the 1980s - is alleged in the book Patriot Disposable , by Jack . Terrell
Another connection terror to Philippine and weapons smuggling dating - from the 1980s - is alleged in the Disposable book Patriot , Jack by Terrell .
Terrell, a CIA asset originally recruited for the Contra effort, identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the Philippine scheme as Oliver North...
Terrell , CIA a asset recruited originally the for effort Contra , identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the scheme as Philippine Oliver North . . .
, a terrell CIA asset recruited originally for the Contra effort , the identifies attempting to man recruit into him the scheme Philippine as Oliver North . . .
I seem to recall the object was to smuggle explosives.
I seem recall to the was object to explosives smuggle .
I to seem the recall object was smuggle to explosives .
http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/ASIN/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939
http : / / www . amazon ca . / exec / / obidos / 0915765381 ASIN / 701 3377456 - 8181939 -
http : / / amazon www . . / ca exec / obidos / / ASIN / 0915765381 701 - - 3377456 8181939
I've read the book- it's a first person memoir with the ring of truth, especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of Contra drug connections that led to Terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the TWIG counterintelligence group that ran interference for the Contra effort, staffed by covert ops types including Ollie North, Robert Owen, Vince Cannistaro and Buck Revell.
I ' ve the read book it - ' s a first person memoir with the of ring truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of Contra drug connections that to led Terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the TWIG counterintelligence group ran that interference for the Contra effort , by staffed covert ops including types Ollie North , Robert , Owen Cannistaro Vince Buck and Revell .
I ' ve read the book - it ' a s first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of wider the context has confirmed the allegations of Contra drug connections that led to becoming Terrell a target for discrediting the by TWIG group counterintelligence that ran interference for the effort Contra , staffed by covert ops types including Ollie North , Robert , Owen Vince Cannistaro and Revell Buck .
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics.
Peter Dale Scott includes an of how account Terrell ' s whistleblowing was by stifled in them his Politics book Cocaine .
Dale peter Scott an includes of account how Terrell ' s whistleblowing stifled was them by in his book Politics Cocaine .
... same ole, same ole...
. . . , same ole ole same . . .
. . . , same ole same . ole . .
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym, therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson, the prosecution had a problem.
Due to the the in Judge 1983 case ruling that CIA a agent could not using a testify pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross - examination Wilson by the , prosecution had a problem .
Due to the Judge the in 1983 ruling case that a CIA agent could testify a not using , pseudonym opening therefore him cross to - examination Wilson by , the prosecution had problem a .
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson.
Needed they someone that could the convince jury they been had able to see all relevant in documents CIA on files . Wilson
Needed they someone that could convince the they jury been had to able see relevant all documents CIA in files on Wilson .
Wilson was claiming that he had been working for the CIA when he sold the C-4 to Quaddaffi.
Wilson was claiming he had that been working for the he CIA when sold the C - to 4 . Quaddaffi
Wilson claiming was that he had been working for the CIA he when sold the C 4 - Quaddaffi to .
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the 'Office of Naval Intelligence'.
The was prosecution charging was he a using rogue his contacts from former in both service and CIA the ' of Office Naval Intelligence ' .
Prosecution the was charging he a rogue was using his contacts from former service both in CIA and the Office ' of Naval Intelligence ' .
Wilson had been able to show that he'd had more than 80 "non-social contacts" with the CIA since his retirement in 1971, leaving the prosecution's case in turmoil.
Had wilson been to able show that he ' d had more than 80 " non - social " with contacts the CIA since retirement his 1971 in , leaving prosecution the ' s case turmoil in .
Wilson had able been to that show he ' d had more than " 80 non - contacts social " with CIA the his since retirement in 1971 , prosecution leaving the ' case s in . turmoil
Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue.
Charles then A . Briggs to came the . rescue
Charles then . A Briggs to came the rescue .
Third ranking CIA officer, Briggs signed a declaration on February 3rd, 1983, that on November 8th, 1982, he had authorized a search of CIA records "for any material that in any way pertains to Edwin P. Wilson, or the various allegations concerning his activities after February 28th, 1971, when he retired from the CIA."
Third ranking CIA officer Briggs , signed declaration a on 3rd February , 1983 , that on 8th November , 1982 , he authorized had a search of CIA " records any for material that in any way pertains Edwin to P . Wilson , or the allegations various concerning activities his after February 28th , 1971 , when he retired from the CIA . "
Ranking third CIA , officer Briggs signed a declaration on February 3rd , 1983 , that on November 8th , 1982 he , authorized had a search of CIA records " for any material that any in way pertains to Edwin P . , Wilson or various the allegations concerning his activities after 28th February , 1971 , when he retired from the CIA . "
The Briggs Declaration states that with one exception in 1972, Wilson did not work "directly or indirectly" for the CIA since retiring.
The Briggs Declaration states with that exception one in 1972 Wilson , did not work " directly or indirectly " for the CIA since retiring .
The Briggs Declaration states that with one exception in 1972 , did Wilson work " not or directly indirectly " for the since CIA retiring .
http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/
: http / / . www disinfo . archive com / / pages / dossier / / id334 / pg1
http : / / www . disinfo . / com pages archive / dossier / id334 / / / pg1
Last week, Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston, Texas, threw out Wilson's two-decades old conviction.
Week last , District Federal Hughes Judge Lynn in , Huston Texas , threw out ' Wilson s two - decades old . conviction
Last , week Federal District Lynn Judge Hughes in Huston , Texas , threw out Wilson s ' - two decades old . conviction
Judge Hughes wrote: `government knowingly used false evidence against him,' concluding `honesty comes hard to government.'
Judge hughes wrote : ` knowingly government used false evidence against him , ' concluding ` hard honesty to comes government . '
Hughes judge wrote : knowingly ` government used false evidence against him , ' ` concluding honesty comes hard . to government '
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm
http : / / www bigeye . com . 111003 / . htm
: http / / www . bigeye . com 111003 / htm .
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html
: http / / www . thekcrachannel com . news / / / 4503872 detail html .
: http / / thekcrachannel www . com . / news / 4503872 / . detail html
looks like it is rearing its head again in Louisianna..
like looks it is rearing its again head in . Louisianna .
looks it like is rearing its in head again Louisianna . .
Former Pastor, Deputy Implicated In Church Child Sex Abuse
Pastor former , Implicated Deputy In Church Child Abuse Sex
Pastor , former Deputy In Implicated Church Child Sex Abuse
PONCHATOULA, La. --
PONCHATOULA La , . - -
, PONCHATOULA La . - -
Sheriff's deputies in Louisiana made a third arrest Wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a Ponchatoula, La., church.
Sheriff ' deputies s in Louisiana a made third arrest Wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a involving case allegations of sexual abuse children of animals and at a , Ponchatoula La . , church .
' sheriff in s deputies Louisiana made a third arrest in Wednesday the ongoing of investigation case a involving allegations of of sexual abuse children and at animals Ponchatoula a , La . , church .
Austin Aaron Bernard III, 36, was arrested on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under the age of 13.
Aaron austin Bernard III 36 , , was arrested on charge a aggravated of of rape child a the under age of 13 .
Aaron austin Bernard III , 36 , arrested was on a charge aggravated a of rape of under child the age of 13 .
Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church.
Said police Bernard to detectives confessed that he sex had with a young girl in 2002 November and to admitted knowing about sexual acts involving children and dog a that at occurred Hosanna Church .
Police said Bernard confessed detectives to that he had sex with a girl young in 2002 November and admitted to knowing about acts sexual involving children and dog a occurred at that Church Hosanna .
Tangipahoa Parish sheriff's deputy Christopher Blair Labat, 24, was booked Tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature.
Tangipahoa sheriff Parish ' s deputy Christopher Labat Blair , was 24 , booked Tuesday on count one of aggravated rape and one count of against crime nature .
Tangipahoa sheriff Parish ' s deputy Christopher Blair , Labat 24 , booked was Tuesday on one count aggravated of and rape one crime count of against . nature
On Monday, Louis Lamonica, 45, the former pastor of Hosanna Church, was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago.
On Monday , Louis Lamonica , 45 the , former pastor of Hosanna Church , was booked two with counts of aggravated rape and one of crime count against nature after walked in he to the Livingston Parish Sheriff ' s Office and said he could others implicate a in situation at church the that reportedly occurred years two ago .
On Monday , Louis Lamonica , 45 , the former pastor Hosanna of Church booked , was with two counts of aggravated rape one and of count crime against nature after he walked in to the Livingston Parish Sheriff ' s and said Office he could others implicate in a situation at church the that reportedly occurred two years . ago
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose.
Have we similar a unravelling case up here in the with northwest a of a murder family and missing children for taken some purpose .
We have similar a case unravelling up here in the northwest murder with of a family a and children missing for taken some purpose .
If I was Rummy I'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there.
If I was Rummy I d ' Posada send to to Iraq blow things . up there
I if was Rummy ' I send d Posada to to Iraq blow things there up .
yeah, "things"...
, yeah things " " . . .
, yeah " " things . . .
Yesterday evening, the Posada story was featured in the public television news show in Germany (ARD, Tagesthemen).
Evening yesterday the , Posada story was featured in public the television news show in Germany ( ARD , ) Tagesthemen .
, yesterday evening the story Posada featured was in public the television news show in Germany ARD ( , Tagesthemen ) .
The newly released papers, showing him complicit in the airliner bombing, were mentioned
The papers newly released , showing him in complicit the airliner bombing , mentioned were
The newly papers released , showing him in the complicit airliner bombing , mentioned were
gandalf
gandalf
gandalf
Now that's a post I can relate to.
Now that ' s post a relate I can to .
Now ' that s a post I relate can . to
You really got me thinking, I enjoy reading this blog.
Really you got me thinking , enjoy I reading blog this .
Really you got me thinking , enjoy I this reading blog .
I don't know how others feel, but I'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option.
I ' don t know others how feel , I ' but m definitely looking into to immigration as Canada an option .
I don ' know t how others feel , but I ' m looking definitely immigration into Canada to as an option .
The good l US of A aint what it used to be.
Good the l US A of what aint it used to be .
Good the l US A of aint it what used to be .
I like yuor blog.
I like yuor . blog
I like yuor . blog
Please check out my who let the dog out blog.
Please out check my who let dog the out . blog
Check please out my who let the dog out blog .
hey that's a great blog, I also have a site about los angeles online dating
hey that ' a s great blog , I also have a site about angeles los dating online
hey that ' great s a blog , I also have a about site los dating angeles online
you can check it out : los angeles online dating
can you check out it : los angeles dating online
you it can check out : angeles los online dating
This is a excellent blog.
This is a blog excellent .
This a is excellent blog .
Keep it going.
It keep going .
It keep going .
This may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service.
Be this may of interest to you I have free a online service dating .
This may be interest of you to I a have online free dating service .
It pretty much covers dating stuff.
Pretty it much dating covers stuff .
It pretty covers much stuff dating .
I'll be sure to come back.
I be ' ll sure to come back .
I ' ll be sure to come back .
Hey I just love your blog.
I hey love just your blog .
I hey just love blog your .
I also have a dating advice blog/site.
Also I have a dating blog advice site / .
Also have I a dating blog advice / site .
I mostly deals with dating advice
I deals mostly with dating advice
Mostly I deals with dating advice
Please come and check it out if you get the time!
Please and come check it if out get you the time !
Come please and it check out if you get time the !
I was searching for dog food info and found this post.
I searching was dog for food info found and this post .
Was I searching dog for food info and this found post .
I agree totally!
I totally agree !
Agree I totally !
Paul
Paul
Paul
How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom-Designed To YOUR Specifications.........And At NO COST To You?
How You Like Would To Know YOU Can Live How In Beautiful A NEW House Custom That Is - Designed YOUR To Specifications . . . . . . . . . And At NO COST You To ?
How Would You Like To Know YOU How Can Live In A Beautiful House NEW Is That Custom - To Designed . YOUR Specifications . . . . . . . At . COST And NO To You ?
You CAN Do It.
You Do CAN It .
CAN you Do It .
And It's Not Hard To Do.... IF You Know HOW.
And It ' s Hard To Not Do . . . . IF Know You HOW .
It and ' s Hard Not Do To . . . . Know IF You HOW .
Don't Let This Pass You By Without At Least Taking A Look.
Don ' t Let You This Pass Without By At Least Taking Look A .
Don ' Let t This Pass You By Least Without At A Taking Look .
The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $21,000...... And......You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You.
The Only Catch Is You That HAVE To Have Income An ABOVE $ 21 , 000 . . . . . And . . . . . . You . HAVE To Follow The Easy Provided Instructions To . You
The Catch Only That Is You HAVE Have To An ABOVE Income $ 21 , . 000 . . . . . And . . . . . . HAVE You The To Follow Easy Instructions To Provided . You
Get-A-Free-House.com
- get A - Free - House com .
Get A - - Free - . House com
+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
+ As the of Andaman implications the Islands situation sink in Indian , intelligence inevitably has come scrutiny under .
+ the As implications of the Andaman situation sink Islands in , Indian has intelligence inevitably come under scrutiny .
In recent months, its fallibility has become evident.
Recent in months , its has fallibility evident become .
Recent in months its , fallibility has evident become .
The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence failure. +
The inability to foresee in the advance assassination attempt on the pro - India political leader former and prime Bangladeshi minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 a at rally in political Dhaka , and the recent " " coup Nepalese by King dismissing Gyanendra his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are examples glaring of intelligence failure . +
The inability to foresee in assassination advance the on attempt the pro - India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Hasina Sheikh Wazed August last 21 at a political rally in Dhaka , and recent the " coup " by Nepalese King Gyanendra his dismissing government and imposing a virtual absolute , monarchy glaring examples are of intelligence failure . +
Trouble on India's islands
Trouble on India ' islands s
On trouble India ' s islands
Ramtanu Maitra
Maitra ramtanu
Maitra ramtanu
In early February, India charged 34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar with hiding in the Landfall Islands, part of the Andaman Islands group (see end note).
Early in , February India 34 charged Arakan separatists from Myanmar hiding with in the Islands Landfall , part the of Andaman Islands group see ( end note ) .
In early , February charged Arakan India 34 separatists from Myanmar with hiding in Landfall the Islands , part of the Andaman group ( Islands see end note ) .
These alleged members of the Arakan Army, the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar, have been charged with illegal entry.
Alleged these members of the Arakan Army , the military wing of National the Unity in Party Myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .
Alleged these members of the Arakan Army , military the wing of National the Unity Party Myanmar in , been have charged with illegal entry .
It is likely, but not certain, that they will be deported to Myanmar.
It is likely , but not certain , that will they to be deported . Myanmar
It is likely but , not certain , that they be will deported to Myanmar .
But the news of the Arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in New Delhi over the security of the Andaman Islands.
The of but news the Arakan is rebels the just tip of when the iceberg it comes to growing concern in New over Delhi the security of Andaman the Islands .
The but news of the Arakan rebels just is the tip of iceberg when the it to comes growing concern in Delhi New over the of security the Andaman Islands .
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels.
Reports are circulating in the community intelligence the that Andaman Islands not only are thick with Myanmar . rebels
Reports are in circulating community the intelligence that the Andaman Islands not only are thick with Myanmar rebels .
It has also become an arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea.
It has also become arms depot an the of Liberation Tamil Tigers Eelam of ( ) LTTE , who operate almost freely in the Sea Andaman .
It has become also an arms depot of the Tigers Liberation Tamil of Eelam LTTE ( ) who operate , almost freely in Andaman the . Sea
Information pointing in this direction came to light after the December 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the Andamans.
Information pointing in this came direction to light the after December tsunami 26 , which took heavy a toll on the Andamans .
Pointing information in came this direction to light after the 26 December , tsunami took which a heavy toll on the Andamans .
Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the Indian navy's Far Eastern Naval Command, now being established along with India's "blue water navy".
Correspondents who in flocked to cover the tsunami they found also had another - story the miserable security situation surrounding the navy Indian s ' Far Eastern Command Naval , being now established along with India ' s " blue water " navy .
Correspondents who flocked in to the cover found tsunami they also another story had - the miserable surrounding security situation the Indian navy ' s Far Eastern Command Naval , now being established along with India ' s " blue navy water " .
Deteriorating security
Security deteriorating
Security deteriorating
Security problems in the Andaman Sea are not new, but they have deteriorated during the past few years, in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan, and particularly in the northeastern Indian states of Manipur, Nagaland and Tripura.
Security in problems Andaman the Sea are not new , but they have during deteriorated the past few years , in tandem with a in deterioration the security situation Bangladesh in and , Nepal Bhutan , and in particularly the northeastern Indian states of Manipur Nagaland , Tripura and .
Security in problems the Andaman are Sea not new , but they deteriorated have during the past few , years in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in Bangladesh , and Nepal , Bhutan and particularly in the Indian northeastern states Manipur of Nagaland , Tripura and .
While the Indian army has become rock-solid in the western front, and has developed the capability of withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector, it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector, where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist, terrorist and drug-running militants operating between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh.
While the Indian has army rock become - solid in western the front , and has the developed capability withstanding of Pakistani any adventure in that sector , has become it highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is a not army national but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh .
While the Indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the of capability withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector , it become has highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy not is a national army but multitude a of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running operating militants between Asia Southeast northeastern and through India Bangladesh .
The Andaman Sea is a major conduit for this traffic, and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group are a natural transit base.
Andaman the Sea a is major for conduit traffic this , 572 and the large and islands small that constitute the Andaman Nicobar and group are a transit natural base .
The Andaman Sea is a conduit major for this traffic and , 572 the and large islands small constitute that the Andaman and group Nicobar are transit a natural base .
The drugs and arms travel in all directions.
Drugs the and arms in travel all directions .
The and drugs arms in travel all directions .
Since the "Sea Tigers" of the LTTE, better known as the Tamil Tigers, are the ones who rule the Andaman Sea: they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africa.
The since " Sea Tigers " of the LTTE , better known as the Tigers Tamil , the are ones who rule the Andaman : Sea they the carry arms and drugs their for use and own also to deliver to rebels in Aceh and along all east the coast of Africa .
The since " Sea Tigers " of the LTTE , better known as the Tigers Tamil the , ones are who rule the Andaman Sea : they carry the arms and drugs their for own use and also deliver to to rebels in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africa .
It is old news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa.
It old that is news the Tamil Tigers have developed a network strong within South . Africa
Is it old news the that Tigers Tamil have developed a within strong network South Africa .
This is not unknown to New Delhi.
This not is unknown to Delhi New .
This is unknown not to Delhi New .
A recent report by a journalist from Port Blair, in the Andamans, quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from Myanmar, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using fake Indian ration cards, while citizens of Thailand, China, Indonesia and Malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave.
A recent report by a journalist from Port Blair , in Andamans the , an quoted unnamed official saying that foreigners from Myanmar , Bangladesh Sri and Lanka permanently have settled in islands the , using fake Indian cards ration , while citizens of Thailand , China , Indonesia and Malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave .
A recent report by a journalist from Port Blair , the in Andamans , quoted an unnamed official saying foreigners that from Myanmar , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka permanently have settled in islands the , using fake ration cards Indian , while citizens of , Thailand China , Indonesia and have Malaysia migrated temporarily to plunder natural resources the and leave .
"Port Blair, Havelock Islands, Diglipur, Middle Nicobar, Campbell's Bay, Neil Islands and Rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners," he said.
" Port Blair Havelock , Islands , Diglipur , Middle Nicobar , Campbell ' s Bay Neil , and Islands are overrun Rangott by mostly foreigners , " he said .
Blair " Port Havelock , , Islands Diglipur , Middle Nicobar , Campbell ' Bay s , Neil and Islands Rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners , " he . said
An official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 "foreigners" in the Andaman Islands, but unofficial figures are much higher than this.
Official estimate an in issued 2003 suggests are there 50 , " 000 " in foreigners the Andaman Islands , but unofficial are figures much higher than this .
An official estimate issued in 2003 there suggests are 50 , 000 " foreigners " in the Andaman Islands , but unofficial are figures than much higher this .
A large number of them are Bangladeshis, who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere.
Large a number of are them Bangladeshis , who millions like countrymen of their have left their populated densely to homeland settle elsewhere .
Large a number them of Bangladeshis are who , like of millions countrymen their have their left densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .
As most of them have few technical skills, and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case, they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities.
As most of have them few skills technical , and the Andamans little have for demand them any in case , they to smuggling turn and unlawful activities other .
As of most them have few skills technical , and Andamans the demand have little them for any in , they case turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .
The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns, cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous.
Presence the of Tigers the Sea in the with area guns , cash drugs and makes the situation extremely . dangerous
The presence of the Sea Tigers in area the guns with , and cash drugs makes situation the extremely dangerous .
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on-the-ground intelligence, and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands.
Reports from Port Blair it make that evident New gets Delhi little on the - - ground intelligence , and Indian the Coast Guard is unequipped grossly to deal with the surge of illegal to migrants islands the .
Reports Port from Blair make it evident that New Delhi little gets on - - the ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is unequipped grossly deal to with the surge illegal of migrants to the islands .
One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying, "Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region."
One naval unnamed was officer quoted saying , " smuggling Arms is very a business profitable in this . region "
Unnamed one naval was officer saying quoted , " Arms smuggling is very a profitable business in this region . "
Considering the islands' huge strategic importance, it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been.
The considering islands ' strategic huge importance it , is amazing how lax Delhi New has . been
The considering islands ' huge importance strategic , it how is amazing lax New has Delhi been .
These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia.
These islands the sit vital aside sea lanes the of Strait of Malacca through , which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in for the oil Far East and Asia Southeast .
Islands these sit aside the vital sea of lanes of the Strait Malacca , which through 300 tankers merchant and ships pass , daily in bringing oil for Far the and East Southeast Asia .
Intelligence lapses
Lapses intelligence
Lapses intelligence
As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
As implications the the of Andaman situation Islands sink in , Indian intelligence inevitably has come scrutiny under .
As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink , in has Indian intelligence inevitably under scrutiny come .
In recent months, its fallibility has become evident.
Recent in months , its has fallibility evident become .
Recent in months , its has fallibility evident become .
The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence failure.
Inability the to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro India political - leader and former Bangladeshi prime Hasina minister Wazed Sheikh last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka , and recent the " coup " by King Nepalese Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing virtual a absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of failure intelligence .
The inability foresee to in the advance assassination attempt on the pro - India political and leader former Bangladeshi prime Sheikh minister Hasina last Wazed August 21 at a political in rally Dhaka , and the recent " coup " by Nepalese Gyanendra King dismissing his government and a virtual absolute imposing monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure .
With growing economic and military power, India will be dependent on smaller nations in the region increasingly to maintain regional security.
Growing with economic and power military , will India be on dependent smaller nations the in region increasingly to maintain regional . security
With economic growing military and power , India will be dependent smaller on in nations the region maintain increasingly to regional security .
Unless New Delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels, secessionists, drug runners and arms traffickers, it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations.
Unless New Delhi does better providing in security to its nationals own rebels against secessionists , , drug runners arms and traffickers , it will not generate confidence much the in capitals surrounding of nations .
Unless Delhi New does in providing better to security its own against nationals rebels , secessionists , drug runners and arms traffickers , will it generate not much confidence in capitals the surrounding nations of .
In fact, it would tend to encourage more organized anti-India outfits, such as the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) and outside-linked Maoists, to exploit these networks and weaken India's eastern flank.
Fact in , it tend would to encourage more organized anti - India outfits , such the as Pakistani Inter Services Intelligence - ISI ( ) outside and linked Maoists - to , exploit these networks and weaken India ' s eastern flank .
Fact in it , would tend to encourage more organized anti - outfits India as , the such Inter Pakistani - Services Intelligence ( ISI and ) outside - linked Maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken India s ' flank eastern .
Indian intelligence's lackluster performance in dealing with the LTTE is startling.
Indian intelligence ' s performance lackluster dealing in the with LTTE is . startling
Intelligence indian ' s lackluster performance dealing in LTTE with the is startling .
This formidable enemy, which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s, has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time.
This formidable enemy , which gave the Indian army black a in the eye - mid 1980s , has been in operating India and northeastern in Sea the Andaman for long a time .
Formidable this enemy , the gave which Indian army a black eye in the mid - 1980s , been has in operating northeastern and India the in Andaman Sea for long time a .
In 2001, according to Indian army officials, security forces launched a wide-ranging operation in the 300-some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobar, and found huge caches of arms.
2001 in , according Indian army officials to , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation the in 300 - some islands inhabited neighboring Andaman and Nicobar , found and caches of arms huge .
2001 in , according to officials Indian army , security forces launched wide a - ranging operation in the - 300 islands some inhabited neighboring Andaman Nicobar and , and found huge caches of arms .
The arms were said to belong to the LTTE and "other terrorist groups".
The said arms to were belong to the LTTE and " terrorist other groups " .
Arms the were to said to belong the LTTE and " terrorist other groups " .
The search-and-destroy operation was carried out by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombo.
The - search - and operation destroy was carried out by government the Indian after requests repeated from Colombo .
The - search and - operation destroy was out carried by the government after Indian requests repeated from Colombo .
In addition, LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea is well known to local observers.
Addition in , LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea well known is local to observers .
Addition in , activity in LTTE the Sea Andaman is well known to local observers .
The biggest LTTE maritime disaster was reported in the now-defunct Asiaweek in 2001.
The biggest LTTE disaster maritime was reported the in now - defunct Asiaweek in 2001 .
LTTE the biggest disaster was maritime reported in the now - defunct Asiaweek in 2001 .
A shipment of weapons, ammunition and explosives, believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollars, left the port of Phuket in Thailand in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex-Joux 3.
A shipment weapons of , ammunition and explosives to , believed have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of Phuket Thailand in in early February aboard 2001 the Comex freighter - 3 Joux .
A shipment weapons of , and ammunition explosives , have believed to been purchased from Cambodia worth and several dollars million , left the port of Phuket Thailand in early in February aboard 2001 the freighter - Comex Joux 3 .
As is LTTE standard procedure, the vessel changed its name at sea to Horizon.
As is LTTE standard procedure , vessel the changed name its at sea to Horizon .
As is standard LTTE procedure , the vessel its changed at name sea to . Horizon
On its journey across the Bay of Bengal the freighter was tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa-based spy planes of India's Aviation Research Center; it was intercepted by Indian naval vessels off Sri Lanka's east coast.
On its journey across the Bay of Bengal freighter the was by tracked the navy and Indian Orissa based - planes spy of India ' s Aviation Research Center ; it was intercepted by Indian off naval vessels Sri Lanka ' s east coast .
Its on journey across Bay of the Bengal the freighter was tracked by the and Indian Orissa navy - based spy of planes India ' s Aviation Research Center ; was it intercepted by Indian naval vessels Sri off Lanka ' s east . coast
LTTE arms-running
LTTE arms running -
LTTE arms running -
In 1997, the Thai navy reported the interception of a 16-meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition.
In 1997 the , Thai reported navy interception the of 16 a - meter boat a after chase off Thai the port of , Ranong and the confiscation of two tons of weapons ammunition and .
In , 1997 the Thai navy the reported interception of a 16 - meter after boat a chase Thai off the port of Ranong , and confiscation the two of of tons weapons and ammunition .
Among the weapons intercepted were two rocket-propelled-grenade launchers, 20 assault rifles, M-79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition.
The among weapons were intercepted rocket two - propelled - launchers grenade , assault rifles 20 , - M grenade 79 launchers more and than 10 , 000 rounds of ammunition .
Weapons among the intercepted were rocket two - propelled - launchers grenade , assault 20 rifles , - M 79 grenade launchers and more than 10 , rounds 000 of ammunition .
Four persons were arrested, reportedly belonging to the Manipur Revolutionary People's Front.
Persons were four arrested reportedly , to belonging the Manipur Revolutionary People ' s Front .
Persons four were arrested , reportedly to belonging the Manipur Revolutionary ' People s . Front
Six crew members were from the Arakan region of Myanmar.
Six crew members from were Arakan the of region Myanmar .
Crew six were members from the Arakan region of . Myanmar
The boat was heading toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh.
Boat the was heading toward Cox ' in s Bazar Bangladesh .
The was boat heading toward Cox ' s Bazar in Bangladesh .
Until 1995 the LTTE maintained a base at Twante, an island off the coat of Myanmar, west of the Andaman islands.
1995 until LTTE the maintained base a Twante at , island an off the coat of , Myanmar west of the islands Andaman .
1995 until the maintained LTTE a at base Twante , an off island the of coat , Myanmar of west the Andaman islands .
Subsequently, Phuket became the LTTE's main backup base.
Subsequently , Phuket the became LTTE ' main s base backup .
Subsequently , Phuket the LTTE became ' s backup main base .
A Sri Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the LTTE.
A Sri Lanka born - Tamil a with Norwegian passport was by arrested Thai in authorities for 2000 links his with LTTE the .
A sri Lanka - Tamil born with a Norwegian passport was arrested authorities by Thai in 2000 for his links with the LTTE .
At the time of his arrest, the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a "submarine" in a shipyard on the island of Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast.
The at time of his arrest the , was suspect allegedly involved constructing in " a submarine " a in shipyard on the of island Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea . coast
At time of the his , arrest the was suspect allegedly in involved a constructing " submarine " in a shipyard the on island of Sirae Phuket on near the Andaman coast Sea .
Steady buildup
Buildup steady
Buildup steady
The real threat to the Andaman Islands is the steady building-up of ports and conduits that serve the Tamil Tigers and a host of less-strong militant groups.
Real the threat to Andaman the Islands the is building - steady ports up of and that conduits serve Tamil the Tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .
Real the threat to Andaman Islands the is the building steady - up of ports and that conduits serve Tigers the Tamil a and host of less - militant strong groups .
Over the past decade, Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness.
The over past decade , Bangladesh steadily has moved into a state of lawlessness .
Past over the decade , Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness .
A number of extremist groups, under the cover of the Islamist movement, have become active in drug trafficking, gun running and anti-Indian activities.
A of number extremist groups under the , cover Islamist of the movement , have become in active drug trafficking , gun running and anti - Indian activities .
A number of groups extremist , the under of cover the Islamist movement , have become active trafficking in drug gun , running and anti - Indian activities .
It is widely acknowledged that the Pakistani ISI has nurtured a number of extremist Islamist groups, such as the Harkat-ul-Jehad-al-Islami, in the port city of Chittagong, and put a number of secessionist rebels from India's northeast in touch with this terrorist network.
It widely is acknowledged that the Pakistani ISI has nurtured a number of Islamist extremist groups , such the as Harkat - - ul Jehad - al - Islami , in port the of city Chittagong , and put number a of secessionist rebels from India ' s in northeast touch with terrorist network this .
It is widely acknowledged the that ISI Pakistani has nurtured a of number extremist groups Islamist , such Harkat as the - ul - Jehad - al - , Islami the in port city of Chittagong and , put number a of secessionist rebels from India ' s northeast in touch with this terrorist network .
As a result, north of the Andaman Islands, Bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms.
As , a result north of Andaman the Islands , Bangladeshi coastal have areas become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms .
As a result , north of the Andaman Islands , coastal Bangladeshi areas have nest become of a involved terrorists in the shipment drugs of and arms .
A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the LTTE from Laos, Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong, from where they are transported northward by land to Bhutan.
A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate arms that are by brought the from , LTTE Laos and Cambodia Thailand into Chittagong , from are where they northward transported by to land Bhutan .
Pattern a of arrests seizures and indicate that arms are brought the LTTE by Laos , from Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong from , where are they northward transported by land to . Bhutan
The route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to Cox's Bazar passes through northern Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya, and on into Chittagong.
The route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to Cox ' Bazar s passes through northern , Bengal Assam and Meghalaya , into and Chittagong on .
Route from the Kalikhola Bhutan in to Cox ' s Bazar passes northern through Bengal , Assam Meghalaya and , and into Chittagong on .
Note
Note
Note
India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal.
India ' s Andaman Nicobar and comprise than Islands more 500 islands lying 1 , kilometers east 000 of Lanka Sri in Bay the of Bengal .
' india s Andaman and Nicobar Islands more comprise than islands 500 1 lying , 000 east kilometers Sri of Lanka in the Bay of Bengal .
Stretching 750 kilometers from end to end, they reach from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia.
Stretching 750 kilometers to from end end , they reach from near coast the of Myanmar almost to Sumatra Indonesia in .
Stretching 750 kilometers from to end , end they reach from the coast near of Myanmar to almost Sumatra Indonesia in .
The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands, from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south.
The Degree Ten divides Channel Andamans the , which larger are the and heavily more northern populated islands , from or the 20 so Nicobar Islands in the south .
The Ten Degree Channel divides Andamans the , which are larger the and more heavily northern populated islands , the from 20 or so Nicobar in Islands the south .
On South Andaman, the most heavily populated island, is Port Blair, which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago.
South on Andaman , the heavily most populated island , Port is Blair , which the is capital only and the town large in entire the archipelago .
On South Andaman , the most heavily island populated , is Port Blair , the which is and capital the only large town in the entire archipelago .
Travel to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to non-Indians, and they are also not allowed in some parts of South Andaman Island.
To travel Nicobar the is Islands forbidden to non - Indians , and they are also not in allowed parts some of Island South Andaman .
Travel to the Nicobar Islands forbidden is to non - Indians , are and not they also allowed some in parts of Andaman South Island .
Ramtanu Maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the Washington-based EIR and the New Delhi-based Indian Defense Review.
Maitra ramtanu writes a for of journals number international and is regular a contributor to the Washington - based and EIR the New Delhi - based Indian Defense Review .
Maitra ramtanu a writes for number of international journals and is regular a to contributor the - Washington based EIR and the New Delhi - based Indian Defense . Review
He also writes for Aakrosh, India's defense-tied quarterly journal.
He also writes Aakrosh for , India s ' defense - quarterly journal tied .
He writes also for Aakrosh , ' India defense s - tied quarterly . journal
[ Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan.
[ also Karzai deal has to with the stepped up between rivalry India Pakistan and in Afghanistan .
[ Karzai also to has with deal the up stepped rivalry India between and Pakistan Afghanistan in .
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan.
Accuses islamabad New Delhi of using its Kandahar consulates in Jalalabad and to train Balochi insurgents are who active in Balochistan Pakistani .
New islamabad accuses using Delhi of its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train insurgents Balochi who are in active Pakistani Balochistan .
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad.
Pakistani officials there claim are as many as 42 agents RAW in based and Kandahar in another 12 Jalalabad .
Pakistani claim there officials are as many 42 as RAW agents based in Kandahar and 12 another in Jalalabad .
There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan, says a Pakistani official.
 There no have business being unless there they undermining are Pakistan ,  says  a official Pakistani .
 have there business no being unless there are they undermining Pakistan ,   says a Pakistani official .
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim.
Both India and Afghanistan the deny . claim
Both India and deny Afghanistan the . claim
Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously, says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistans National Security Directorate. ]
  Should show Pakistan us any of evidence Indian hand an using Afghan to soil work against our neighbours we will it take very seriously ,  says the Amrullah Saleh head of  Afghanistan s Security National Directorate . ]
  Should Pakistan show us evidence any of an Indian using hand Afghan soil to work against our we neighbours will it take seriously very  , Amrullah says Saleh head the of Afghanistan  National Security s Directorate . ]
Karzai, Musharraf new regional equations
Karzai , new Musharraf regional equations
Karzai , new Musharraf regional equations
KABUL:
: KABUL
: KABUL
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan, Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers -Russia and India.
For past the years 25 landlocked Afghanistan suffered has interference from constant its from neighbours - Pakistan , and Iran the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers - Russia and India .
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant from interference its neighbours - Pakistan Iran , the and Asian Republics Central - and regional powers - and Russia . India
The neighbours are still interfering, but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistans stability they may now be trying to strengthen it.
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than Afghanistan undermining s  they stability now may trying be strengthen to it .
The neighbours are still interfering , but are signs there that rather undermining than Afghanistan s  stability they may now be trying strengthen to . it
The elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable Afghanistan, a peaceful Afghanistan is good for all.
 The should be elections reassurance a to neighbours all our that a stable Afghanistan , a peaceful Afghanistan is good for all .
 The should elections be to a reassurance all our neighbours a that stable Afghanistan , a peaceful is Afghanistan good for all .
Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan, President Hamid Karzai told Pakistans English daily The Nation.
Nobody should feel a looser in , Afghanistan   Hamid President told Karzai  Pakistan English s daily The Nation .
Nobody should feel looser a in Afghanistan ,   Hamid President Karzai told Pakistan  s The English daily Nation .
All the regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process, but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan.
All the regional countries publicly have backed the Karzai government and electoral supported process the , but serious remain undercurrents as they all have their contenders favourite Afghanistan in .
The all regional countries have the publicly backed Karzai and government supported the electoral process but , undercurrents serious remain as they all their have favourite contenders in Afghanistan .
Since September 11, Pakistan has been repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western leaders of harbouring Taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections, but at the highest level the US has avoided criticising President Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the US catch Al Qaeda elements inside Pakistan.
September since 11 , Pakistan been has repeatedly accused Afghan by and leaders Western of harbouring Taliban extremists who had disrupt pledged to the elections , but the at level highest the US has avoided criticising President Pervaiz Musharraf the on grounds that he is the helping US catch Al Qaeda elements inside Pakistan .
September since 11 Pakistan , has been repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western leaders of harbouring Taliban who extremists had pledged to the disrupt elections , but at the highest level the US has avoided criticising Pervaiz President Musharraf the grounds on he that is helping the US catch Al Qaeda elements Pakistan . inside
That changed on September 22 when President George W. Bush, Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly.
Changed that on September 22 when George President W . Bush , Musharraf and Karzai a held three meeting way in New on York the sidelines the of UN General . Assembly
Changed on that September 22 when President George W . Bush , Musharraf and held Karzai a three way meeting New York in on the sidelines UN of the General Assembly .
The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban.
Meeting the was pushed by together the CIA and the US Department Defence were who desperately to anxious a peaceful secure election in and Afghanistan the non - of interference alleged backed Pakistani Taliban .
Meeting together the was pushed by the CIA and US Defence the Department who were desperately anxious to secure a election peaceful in Afghanistan and the non interference - of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban .
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting, said Bush pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully.
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately with involved meeting the , said Bush pushed Musharraf on hard in reigning so the Taliban the elections could take place peacefully .
And western diplomats Afghan intimately with the involved meeting , said Bush Musharraf pushed hard on reigning in the so Taliban the elections could take . place peacefully
Where are Mullah Omar, Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin Hikmetar?
  Where are Mullah Omar , Usmani Mullah Hikmetar and Gulbuddin ?  
 Where  Mullah are Omar , Mullah Usmani Gulbuddin and ? Hikmetar  
Bush is reported to have asked a flustered Musharraf.
Bush is to reported have a asked Musharraf flustered .
Bush is reported to a have flustered asked Musharraf .
All three are extremist Taliban or their allies and known to be living in Pakistan.
All three extremist are Taliban their or allies and known to be Pakistan living in .
All three extremist are or Taliban their allies known and to be living in . Pakistan
(Mullah Omar is leader of the Taliban, Usmani is the former corps commander of Kandahar under the Taliban regime and now a commander of Taliban forces while Hikmetyar heads the extremist Hizb-e-Islami.)
( Mullah is leader Omar of the Taliban Usmani , is the former corps commander of Kandahar under Taliban the and regime now a of commander Taliban forces while Hikmetyar heads extremist the Hizb e - - Islami . )
( Mullah is Omar leader of the , Taliban Usmani is former the corps commander of Kandahar under Taliban the regime now and commander a of forces Taliban while Hikmetyar Hizb heads the extremist - e - Islami . )
It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis, says a Western diplomat.
  It was the time first that Bush focused totally the on Taliban threat than rather Qaeda Al with the , Pakistanis   says a Western diplomat .
 It  was the time first that totally Bush focused on the Taliban threat than rather with Al Qaeda the Pakistanis ,   says a Western . diplomat
Bush was very well briefed before the meeting, the diplomat said.
  was Bush very well briefed the before meeting  ,  the diplomat said .
  was Bush briefed very well before the , meeting   the diplomat said .
An Afghan official at the meeting added, The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda.
An official Afghan at meeting the added ,   The now realise Americans that Taliban the are a bigger threat to our than security Qaeda Al .  
Official an Afghan at meeting the added ,   Americans The now that the are realise Taliban a threat bigger to our security than Al Qaeda .  
Karzai was clearly pleased at the results.
Was karzai clearly pleased at results the .
Karzai was pleased clearly at the . results
President Musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the Taliban, says Karzai.
  Musharraf President promised to help us cooperate and us with curbing on terrorist activity by the Taliban ,  says  Karzai .
  Musharraf President promised to help and us cooperate with us curbing on terrorist activity by Taliban the ,   . says Karzai
The next day an angry Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq, a clear snub to the Americans.
The next angry day an Musharraf categorically said that not Pakistan would Pakistani troops send to Iraq , a snub clear to the Americans .
The next day an Musharraf angry categorically said Pakistan that would not send troops Pakistani to Iraq , a clear snub to the Americans .
Until then he had said Pakistans options were open.
Then until he said had Pakistan s  options were open .
Until he then had Pakistan said  s options were . open
However Pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting.
Pakistani however officials that insist the decision was to unconnected the meeting tripartite .
Pakistani officials however insist that the was decision unconnected to tripartite the meeting .
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bushs tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections.
US and NATO military officers Kabul in say is it too early to whether say Bush  s tough message was persuading instrumental in Musharraf the and to ISI pressure the Taliban to restrain disrupting from the elections .
and US military NATO officers in say Kabul it is too early say to  whether Bush s tough message was in instrumental persuading Musharraf and ISI the to the pressure Taliban to restrain disrupting from the elections .
However there were visible signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side.
However there were visible signs of a on crackdown the Pakistan side .
There however were signs visible of crackdown a on the Pakistan side .
Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before, says Lt. General David Barno.
  Pakistan now a has large force deployed Baluchistan in which not was there before  , says  Lt . David General Barno .
  now Pakistan has a force large deployed in which Baluchistan was not there before  , Lt  says . General Barno David .
There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border, but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways, he adds.
  There much is tactical better between cooperation on our forces both sides of the border but the , of movement Taliban still on goes both ways  ,  he adds .
  There much is better tactical our cooperation between forces on sides both of the border , but the movement of Taliban still on goes both ways  ,  adds . he
Also several days before the elections Pakistan closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan.
Also days several before the elections closed Pakistan border the point crossing at in Baluchistan Chaman which is key a point entry for the Taliban into Afghanistan .
Also several days the before elections closed border Pakistan the crossing point Chaman at Baluchistan which in is a key entry for point the Taliban into Afghanistan .
However US military officers say regular army officers - many of them Pashtun - leading units of the Frontier Corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs of the JUI.
However US officers military say regular army officers - many them of - Pashtun units of leading the Frontier Corps who are on the remain border deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and mullahs the of the . JUI
Military however US officers say army regular officers - many of Pashtun them - units leading of the Frontier Corps who are border on the remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs the of JUI .
At the same time the US remains oblivious of the serious problems and political fallout which the army is facing in its operations in Waziristan.
The at same the time US remains oblivious of the and serious problems fallout political which the army is facing its operations in in Waziristan .
At the time same the oblivious US remains of serious the and problems fallout political the which army is facing in its operations in Waziristan .
Not only is the army facing serious political fallout, growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties -between 400-500 Pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since March.
Not only is the facing army political serious fallout , growing anti - Americanism anti and - army feeling in the areas but tribal it is also taking casualties heavy - between 400 - 500 Pakistani soldiers been killed have in region the March since .
Not only is army the facing serious political fallout , growing anti - Americanism and - anti feeling in army tribal the areas is but it taking also heavy casualties - between 400 - 500 Pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since March .
Musharraf has always maintained that the US has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban leaders hiding in Baluchistan.
Has musharraf always maintained that US the has provided never intelligence actionable about leaders Taliban hiding in Baluchistan .
Always musharraf has maintained the that US has never provided actionable about intelligence leaders Taliban hiding in Baluchistan .
That too may change.
That too change may .
That too may . change
US and Afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the ISI with a list of Taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts.
and Afghan US intelligence will shortly be presenting the with ISI a list Taliban extremists of and suspected their whereabouts .
US Afghan and shortly intelligence will presenting be the ISI with list a of Taliban extremists their and suspected whereabouts .
Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders, who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency.
There moreover are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back Kabul to leading Taliban commanders , who have been living in quietly and Pakistan taken have part no in Taliban insurgency the .
There moreover are now covert major attempts under try way to and bring back to leading Kabul Taliban , commanders who been have quietly living in and Pakistan have no taken part in the Taliban insurgency .
With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections, the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home.
With the failure Taliban to disrupt Afghan the , elections militants the are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban want who to return home .
With the Taliban failure to disrupt , the Afghan elections the militants are even isolated from the more mainstream Taliban who want to home return .
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it cannot happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad.
Until now Pakistan has facilitated such not a and return it clearly happen cannot there until is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .
Until now has Pakistan not such facilitated a and return clearly cannot it there happen until is both a pull Kabul from and a from push Islamabad .
With President Karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former Northern Alliance figures such as General Fahim and warlord Ismail Khan, there is now little reason for moderate Taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former Northern Alliance figures if they return home.
With President Karzai certain to the win elections and the demotion of key former Northern figures Alliance such as Fahim General and warlord Khan Ismail , is there now little reason for moderate Taliban leaders to fear from reprisals former Northern Alliance figures if they home . return
With President Karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of former key Northern Alliance such figures as General Fahim and warlord Ismail , Khan there is now little for reason moderate Taliban leaders fear to former reprisals from Northern figures Alliance if return they . home
Their removal should also provide increased motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate Taliban.
Their removal also should increased provide motivation for Pakistan to the help return of moderate Taliban .
Removal their should provide also increased motivation Pakistan for help to return the of moderate Taliban .
Afghan officials welcomed the appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief.
Afghan officials welcomed appointment the 3 on October Lt of . General Ashfaq as Kiyani the new chief ISI .
Officials afghan on welcomed the appointment 3 October of . Lt General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief .
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues.
Kayani is well and known liked in Kabul as during year the last he led delegation the Pakistani in the military tripartite meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues to related issues border .
Is kayani well and known liked Kabul in as during the year last he the Pakistani led delegation the in tripartite military meetings with the Afghan US and on military issues related to issues border .
Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan.
Karzai has also deal to with stepped the up rivalry India between and in Pakistan Afghanistan .
Karzai also to has deal the with stepped rivalry between up India and in Pakistan Afghanistan .
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan.
Islamabad accuses Delhi New of using consulates its in and Kandahar Jalalabad to train insurgents Balochi who in are active Pakistani Balochistan .
Accuses islamabad New Delhi using of its in consulates Kandahar Jalalabad and to train insurgents Balochi who are in active Pakistani Balochistan .
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad.
Pakistani officials claim there as are many as RAW 42 based in agents Kandahar and another Jalalabad 12 in .
Pakistani officials claim are there as as many 42 RAW agents based in and Kandahar another Jalalabad 12 in .
There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan, says a Pakistani official.
There  no have business being there unless are they Pakistan undermining ,   a says official Pakistani .
There have  no business there being unless are they undermining Pakistan , says   a Pakistani official .
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim.
Both and India deny Afghanistan the claim .
India both Afghanistan and deny the claim .
Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously, says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistans National Security Directorate.
  Should Pakistan show us any of evidence an Indian using hand Afghan soil to work against our we neighbours will it take seriously very  , says Amrullah Saleh the head Afghanistan of s  Security National . Directorate
  Should Pakistan show any us evidence an of Indian using hand soil to Afghan work against our neighbours we will take it seriously very , says  Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan National  s Security Directorate .
Karzai categorically said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against Pakistan taken by Indian diplomats inside Afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly.
Categorically karzai said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against Pakistan taken Indian by inside diplomats Afghanistan would be acted swiftly upon .
Categorically karzai said that has he assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse against action taken Pakistan by diplomats Indian inside Afghanistan would be acted swiftly upon .
Senior US diplomats and military officials have warned India also.
US senior diplomats military and officials warned have India also .
Senior US diplomats military and have warned officials India also .
In a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of Karzai, Iran, Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik dominated former Northern Alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the elections and not to oppose Karzai.
In major a shift regional reflecting the newly position strengthened of Karzai , Iran , Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik dominated former Northern Alliance made efforts strenuous to convince presidential candidate Qanooni to Younis strike a deal with Karzai before the elections and to not Karzai oppose .
In a major shift regional reflecting the newly strengthened position of Karzai , Iran , Russia India and which have traditionally backed the dominated Tajik former Northern Alliance strenuous made efforts to convince candidate presidential Younis Qanooni strike a to deal Karzai before with the and elections not to oppose Karzai .
Iran in particular feared that Qanooni would loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream.
In iran particular feared Qanooni that loose would and then isolated be politically from the mainstream .
Iran particular in feared Qanooni would that loose then and be politically isolated from mainstream the .
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand against Karzai.
To qanooni refused accept the advice Iranian as fellow his Tajiks Panjsheri urged him to stand against Karzai .
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice fellow as his Tajiks Panjsheri urged to him stand against . Karzai
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same.
However since elections the influence Iranian has proved critical in convincing Shia the Hazara candidate Mohammed to Mohaqeq the accept of results the elections later and convincing Qanooni to do same the .
Since however elections the Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing Hazara the Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq accept to the results of the and elections later convincing Qanooni to do the same .
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan, Irans moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced.
The with US military presence posing threat a their on borders in both and Iraq Afghanistan , Iran  s leadership moderate is to keen stabilise help Karzai so that US the presence in is Afghanistan . reduced
With US the military posing presence a threat on their borders in both Iraq and , Iran Afghanistan  s leadership moderate is keen stabilise to help Karzai so that US the presence Afghanistan in reduced is .
However powerful hardliners in Tehran may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the rift with the moderates.
Powerful however hardliners in may Tehran trying be undermine to that strategy and new a issue is likely to the deepen rift with moderates the .
However powerful in may hardliners Tehran be to trying undermine that strategy a new and issue is likely to the deepen rift with the moderates .
Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand, a massive Soviet-era airbase just 30 kilometres from Irans border.
Iranian are officials deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand , a massive Soviet era - airbase just 30 Iran kilometres  from border s .
Are iranian officials deeply concerned about the US Shindand occupation of massive , a Soviet - era airbase just 30 from Iran kilometres  s border .
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan, the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month, who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners.
Enhanced the US in presence western Afghanistan only was possible made after the ousting Ismail of Khan , the warlord Governor and province of Herat month last , who was a close of ally Iranian hardliners .
Enhanced the US presence in western Afghanistan was only possible made after the ousting Ismail Khan of the , and Governor warlord of Herat province last month , who was ally a close Iranian of hardliners .
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khans ouster because they want to strengthen Karzais campaign against warlords.
Officials iranian say they made objections no to Khan  s ouster they because want strengthen to Karzai  s against campaign warlords .
Iranian officials say they no made objections  to Khan s because they ouster want to Karzai strengthen  s against campaign warlords .
At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran and Washington over Irans nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran aggressively, the Iranians fear that Shindand could be used as a listening post, spying facility and even a launching pad for any future US actions against Iran.
At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran and Washington over Iran  s nuclear weapons and program calls by neo - in conservatives Washington that second a Bush term should deal with Iran aggressively , the Iranians fear that Shindand could be used as listening post a , spying facility and even a launching for pad future US any actions against Iran .
At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran Washington and over Iran  s nuclear weapons calls program and by neo - conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with aggressively Iran , the fear Shindand Iranians that could used be as a listening post , spying facility and even a launching for pad any future US against actions Iran .
Afghan officials say the Americans have moved over 100 Special Forces and helicopters to Shindand.
Officials afghan say Americans the have moved 100 over Forces Special and helicopters to Shindand .
Afghan officials say the Americans have moved Special over 100 and Forces helicopters Shindand to .
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran.
However General Barno insists the US presence no poses threat to Iran .
However Barno General the insists US presence poses no to threat Iran .
We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few helicopters, says Barno.
  We have very a small of number forces in Shindand a with few helicopters  ,  Barno says .
  We a have very number small of forces in Shindand with a few helicopters ,  says  Barno .
Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the US and Iran.
Nevertheless places this in Karzai a difficult and sensitive situation because has he to maintain excellent with both relations US the Iran and .
Nevertheless this places Karzai in a and difficult sensitive because he situation has maintain to excellent relations both with the US Iran . and
Afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the US and Iran.
  Afghanistan has the benefit had of cooperation from both the US Iran and .
 Afghanistan  has had benefit the of from cooperation both US the and Iran .
So far what they have done together has been good for us and thats how we would like to keep it, says Karzai.
So far have what they together done has been good for and us  that s how would we to like keep it  ,  says Karzai .
So far they what have done together has been for good us that  and how s we would like keep it to   says , Karzai .
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistans neighbours is over, but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours interference.
Nobody claim can that interference the of Afghanistan  neighbours s over is the , but elections do will much to Karzai strengthen deal and more firmly with neighbours  interference .
Can nobody claim that the interference of Afghanistan  neighbours s is over , but elections the will much do strengthen to Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours  interference .
In the post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the Taliban do not have the support of the Afghan people nor the Afghan Pashtuns.
In the post election scenario is it becoming clear abundantly that the Taliban do not have the support of Afghan people the the Pashtuns nor Afghan .
The in post election scenario is it becoming abundantly that clear Taliban the do not have the support Afghan of the people nor the Afghan Pashtuns .
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections, they would be resisted.
A in highly significant Afghan move Pashtun tribes along Pakistan the warned border the in Taliban and Quetta Chaman that they if try and the disrupt elections , they would resisted be .
A in significant highly move Pashtun Afghan tribes along the Pakistan border warned Taliban the in Chaman Quetta that and if they and try disrupt the elections they , would be resisted .
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President Karzai.
Many Taliban living Afghanistan for in voted President Karzai .
Taliban many in living Afghanistan voted President for Karzai .
It is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of Afghanistan, the demise of key Northern Alliance figures and the fluid political situation in Afghanistan, Pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to Taliban extremists living on Pakistani soil.
Is it now abundantly clear that with the rapidly face changing of Afghanistan , demise the key of Alliance and Northern figures the fluid political situation Afghanistan in , Pakistan should reconsider policy its of unlimited giving sanctuary to Taliban extremists living on Pakistani soil .
Is it now abundantly clear with that the rapidly changing of face Afghanistan , the demise of key Northern Alliance figures the and fluid political situation in Afghanistan , Pakistan should its of reconsider policy unlimited giving sanctuary to extremists Taliban living Pakistani on soil .
Pakistan Link 16/10/2004
Pakistan Link 10 16 / / 2004
Link pakistan 16 10 / / 2004
The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record is absurd in every way.
The debate that a handful of Texas multi - close the millionnaires to Bush family have manufactured cleverly over Kerry John ' s war record is absurd every in . way
The that debate a of handful Texas - multi close millionnaires to Bush the family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry ' s war is in record absurd way every .
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .
Charges the that they have put some vets making up to against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to false be .
The charges have that they put vets some up to making Kerry against are false and can be by demonstrated historical the record to be false .
Most of those making the charges have even flip-flopped, contradicting themselves.
Those most of the making charges have flip even - flopped , contradicting themselves .
Of most those the making charges have even flip flopped - , contradicting . themselves
Or they weren't eyewitnesses and are just lying.
Or they weren ' eyewitnesses t are and lying just .
Or they weren t ' and eyewitnesses are lying just .
But to address the substance of this Big Lie is to risk falling into its logic.
But the to address substance of Big this Lie is to risk falling logic into its .
But to address the substance of Big this Lie is risk to falling its into logic .
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life.
True the of absurdity the situation entire is easily we appreciated when consider that W George . Bush never showed any at bravery all at any in his point life .
True the absurdity of the entire is situation easily when appreciated consider we that George W . showed Bush never bravery any at all at any point his life in .
He has never lived in a war zone.
Has he never lived in a zone war .
He never has lived in a zone war .
If some of John Kerry's wounds were superficial, Bush received no wounds.
Some if John of Kerry ' s were wounds , superficial Bush received no wounds .
If some of John Kerry ' s were wounds superficial , Bush received wounds no .
(And, a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain; the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and didn't absent yourself from it.
( And , piece a of shrapnel in the that forearm caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit eye an into and gone the brain ; being the shrapnel in your body you demonstrates were mortal danger in and didn ' t absent yourself from it .
( And , a of piece shrapnel in the that forearm caused a only wound minor would have had killed it hit an eye gone and into the ; brain the being shrapnel your in body demonstrates you were in mortal danger didn and ' t absent yourself from it .
That is the logic of the medal).
That is the of logic medal the ) .
Is that the logic of the ) medal .
Kerry saved a man's life while under fire.
Kerry saved a ' man s while life fire under .
Saved kerry a man ' life s under while fire .
Bush did no such thing.
Bush did no thing such .
Bush did such no thing .
What was Bush doing with his youth?
What Bush was doing his with youth ?
Was what Bush doing his with youth ?
He was drinking.
He drinking was .
He was . drinking
He was drinking like a fish, every night, into the wee hours.
He was drinking like a , fish every night into , wee the . hours
He was like drinking a fish , every night , the wee into . hours
For decades.
Decades for .
For . decades
He gave no service to anyone, risked nothing, and did not even slack off efficiently.
He gave no service anyone to , risked nothing , and did even not off slack efficiently .
Gave he no service anyone to , risked nothing , and did not even slack efficiently off .
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush's character as an addictive personality, but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president.
The history of alcoholism possibly other and use drug is key issue a because not it only to speaks Bush ' s character as an addictive personality , but tell may something us about erratic his and alarming actions as president .
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key because it issue only not to speaks Bush s ' as character an addictive personality , but may tell us about something his and erratic alarming actions as president .
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring, killing 600 Iraqis, most of them women and children, in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries, one of them a South African.
His explosive temper probably provoked siege the disastrous of last spring Fallujah , killing 600 , Iraqis most of them women and children , revenge in for the deaths of civilian 4 one mercenaries , of a them South African .
Temper his explosive probably provoked the siege disastrous of Fallujah last spring , 600 killing Iraqis , most of them women children and , in revenge for deaths the of 4 civilian , mercenaries them one of South a African .
(Newsweek reported that Bush commanded his cabinet, "Let heads roll!")
( Newsweek reported Bush that his commanded cabinet , Let " roll heads ! " )
( that Newsweek reported Bush his commanded cabinet , " Let roll heads ! " )
That temper is only one problem.
That temper only is problem one .
That temper is one problem only .
Bush has a sadistic streak.
Bush has a streak sadistic .
Has bush a sadistic streak .
He clearly enjoyed, as governor, watching executions.
He clearly enjoyed as , governor , watching executions .
He enjoyed clearly governor , as , watching executions .
His delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed, in one debate, to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong-doers a little too much.
Delight his in killing became people campaign a in issue when 2000 seemed he , one in debate to , enjoy the prospect executing of wrong - doers a little too much .
His delight in killing people became campaign issue a in 2000 when seemed he , one in debate , to enjoy prospect the of - executing wrong a doers too little much .
He has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq.
He has clearly gone on killing enjoying people a on scale large in . Iraq
Has he clearly gone enjoying on killing people on a large scale in Iraq .
Drug abuse can affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy.
Abuse drug can affect the ability the person of to deep feel emotions like empathy .
Drug abuse can the affect of ability the to person feel emotions deep like empathy .
Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods.
Two of decades his pickling nervous system in highly various toxic substances left Bush have damaged goods .
Two decades pickling of his system nervous various in toxic highly substances have left Bush damaged . goods
Even for those who later abstain, "visual-spatial abilities, abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memory, are the slowest to recover."
Even those for who later , abstain " visual - spatial abilities , abstraction , solving problem , short and term - , memory the are to slowest . recover "
Even for who abstain those later , visual " - abilities spatial , abstraction , problem , solving and short - term , memory the are slowest recover to . "
That he managed to get on the wagon (though with that pretzel incident, you wonder how firmly) is laudable.
He that to managed get on the wagon ( though with pretzel that incident , you how wonder firmly ) . is laudable
He that managed get to the on wagon ( though with pretzel that incident , you how wonder firmly ) laudable is .
But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath, and we are all suffering along with him now, since he is the most powerful man in the world.
He but suffers severe the of effects the and aftermath we , are all suffering with him along now , since he is the powerful most man in the world .
He but the suffers severe effects of the aftermath , and are we all suffering along with him now since , he most is the powerful man the in world .
We all know by now that Bush did not even do his full service with the Texas Air National Guard, absenting himself to work on the Alabama senate campaign of Winton "Red" Blount.
We all know by now that Bush did not even do his full service the with Air Texas Guard National , himself absenting to on work the Alabama senate of campaign Winton " Red " Blount .
We all know by now that Bush not did even do full his with service the Texas Air National Guard , absenting himself work to on the senate Alabama Winton campaign of " Red Blount " .
Whether he was actually AWOL during this stint is unclear.
Whether was he AWOL during actually this stint is unclear .
Was whether he actually AWOL during this is stint unclear .
But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off on his National Guard service, but he slacked off from his campaign work.
But it is clear not that did only slack Bush off on his Guard National service , but he off from slacked his work campaign .
It is but clear that not only did Bush off slack on National his Guard service , but he slacked off from his work campaign .
This little-noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald, which appeared on National Public Radio's "All Things Considered on March 30, 2004, gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that period.
This little - noted interview with Blount ' s nephew Murph Archibald , which on appeared Radio National Public ' s " Things All Considered on March 30 , 2004 gives a , devastating insight what into it was like to have to through suffer Bush in that period .
This - little noted with interview Blount ' s nephew Murph Archibald , which appeared on National Radio Public ' s " All Things Considered on 30 March , 2004 , a gives devastating into insight what it was like to have to Bush suffer through in that period .
"All Things Considered (8:00 PM ET) - NPR March 30, 2004 Tuesday
" Considered All Things ( 8 : 00 PM ET ) NPR - 30 March , Tuesday 2004
" Things All Considered ( 8 : 00 PM ) ET - NPR 2004 March 30 , Tuesday
This campaign season, there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s.
This campaign season , have there been questions about whether George W . Bush his obligations fulfilled to National the Guard as a young in lieutenant the early 1970s .
Campaign season this , there have questions about been whether George W . Bush fulfilled his obligations to National Guard the a as young lieutenant early in the 1970s .
For weeks, reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there.
For weeks reporters , scoured Alabama in search of or pilots anyone might who have seeing remembered Mr . Bush at the time was he serving in National the there Guard .
For , reporters weeks scoured Alabama in of search pilots or who anyone might remembered seeing have Mr . Bush at the time he serving was the National in Guard there .
There is one place in Alabama where Mr. Bush was present nearly every day: the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton "Red" Blount.
Is there one place in where Mr Alabama . Bush was present every nearly day the : headquarters in Montgomery US of Senate candidate " Winton Red " Blount .
There one is place in where Alabama . Mr Bush was nearly present day every the : headquarters in Montgomery US of Senate candidate " Winton " Red Blount .
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard.
Bush has president said always working that for Blount was reason the he to transferred the Alabama Air National Guard .
President has Bush always said that working for Blount the was he reason transferred to the Air Alabama National Guard .
NPR's Wade Goodwyn has this report about Mr. Bush's time on that campaign.
NPR ' Wade s has Goodwyn report this about Mr . Bush ' s time campaign on that .
NPR ' Wade s has Goodwyn this report about Mr Bush . s ' on time that campaign .
WADE GOODWYN reporting:
GOODWYN WADE reporting :
GOODWYN WADE reporting :
In 1972, Baba Groom was a smart, funny young woman smack-dab in the middle of an exciting US Senate campaign.
1972 in , Groom was Baba a smart , funny young woman - smack dab the in middle an exciting of US Senate campaign .
1972 in , Baba was Groom a smart , funny young woman smack - dab in middle the of an exciting US Senate campaign .
Groom was Republican Red Blount's scheduler, and in that job, she was the hub in the campaign wheel.
Was groom Red Republican Blount ' s scheduler , and in that job was , she the in hub campaign the wheel .
Was groom Republican Red Blount ' s , in scheduler that and job , she was the hub the in campaign wheel .
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas, and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday.
Ask her the about handsome young from man Texas , and she remembers him years 32 later like was it yesterday .
Ask the her about handsome young man from , Texas and remembers she him 32 years like later it was . yesterday
Ms. BABA GROOM (Former Campaign Worker):
Ms . BABA Former GROOM ( Worker Campaign ) :
Ms . BABA GROOM Former ( ) Campaign Worker :
He would wear khaki trousers and some old jacket.
Would he khaki wear trousers and old some jacket .
Would wear he trousers khaki and some old jacket .
He was always ready to go out on the road.
Was he ready always go to out on the road .
Was he ready always to go on out the road .
On the phone, you could hear his accent.
The on phone , could you his hear accent .
On the , phone you hear his could accent .
It was a Texas accent.
It was Texas a accent .
It was a accent Texas .
But he just melded with everybody.
But just he with melded everybody .
But melded he just with everybody .
GOODWYN: The candidate Mr. Bush was working for, Red Blount, had gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business.
GOODWYN : The Mr candidate . was for Bush working , Red Blount , had in gotten rich Alabama in the construction . business
GOODWYN The : Mr candidate . was Bush , working for Red Blount , had gotten in rich in Alabama the construction business .
Prominent Southern Republicans were something of a rare breed in those days.
Southern prominent Republicans were something of rare a breed those in days .
Prominent Republicans Southern were something of a rare in breed days those .
Blount's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon's postmaster general.
Blount ' s support of the led party to him be Richard appointed Nixon ' s postmaster general .
Blount ' support the s of party led be him to appointed Richard Nixon ' s postmaster general .
In Washington, Blount became friends and tennis partners with Mr. Bush's father, then Congressman Bush.
In Washington , Blount and became friends tennis with partners Mr . Bush ' s , father Congressman then . Bush
In , Blount Washington friends became and tennis with partners Mr . Bush s ' father , then Bush Congressman .
That was how 26-year-old Lieutenant Bush came to Montgomery, at his father's urging . . .
That was 26 how - year - old Lieutenant came Bush Montgomery at to , his ' father s urging . . .
That how was 26 - year - Lieutenant old Bush to came Montgomery at , his father ' urging . s . .
It was Mr. Bush's job to organize the Republican county chairpersons in the 67 Alabama counties.
Was it Mr . Bush ' job s to the organize county Republican chairpersons the in 67 counties Alabama .
It was Mr . Bush s ' job organize the to Republican county in the chairpersons 67 counties Alabama .
Back in 1972 in the Deep South, many rural counties didn't have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatus.
Back in 1972 in the South Deep , many counties didn rural ' have t much the in way of official Republican Party apparatus .
Back in 1972 in the South Deep , many didn rural counties ' t have much the in way of official Party Republican apparatus .
But throughout Alabama, there were Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount.
Throughout but Alabama , there Republicans were Democrats and who wanted to help Red . Blount
But throughout Alabama , there were Republicans and who Democrats to Red wanted help Blount .
It was the young Texan's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them.
Was it the Texan young ' job s to find out what county each leader in needed the way of campaign supplies and those get supplies to them .
Was it the young Texan ' s job to find out what each county leader needed in the of way supplies campaign get and those to supplies . them
Groom says this job helped Mr. Bush understand how even in a statewide Senate campaign, politics are local.
Groom says this job helped Mr . Bush understand in how even a statewide Senate campaign , politics are local .
Groom this says helped job Mr . understand Bush how even a in statewide Senate campaign , are politics . local
. . . Murph Archibald is Red Blount's nephew by marriage, and in 1972, he was coming off a 15-month tour in Vietnam in the infantry.
. . Murph . is Archibald Red ' Blount s by nephew marriage , and in 1972 , he coming was off a 15 - month tour Vietnam in the in infantry .
. . . Murph Archibald is Blount Red s ' nephew by marriage , in and 1972 , was he off coming a 15 month - in tour Vietnam in the infantry .
Archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers, Mr. Bush was not one of them.
Archibald in says that a campaign full workers of dedicated , Mr . Bush was not one of them .
Says archibald that in a full campaign of dedicated workers , Mr . was Bush of not one . them
Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD (Nephew of Red Blount): Well, I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings.
Mr . MURPH ARCHIBALD Nephew ( of Blount Red ) : Well , was I coming in early in morning the and leaving in - mid . evenings
Mr MURPH . ARCHIBALD ( Nephew Red of Blount ) : , Well I was early coming in and in the morning leaving in mid - evenings .
Ordinarily, George would come in around noon; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening.
Ordinarily , George would in noon come around ; he would ordinarily leave 5 around : or 30 6 : 00 in the evening .
Ordinarily , come George would in around ; noon he would ordinarily leave around 5 : or 30 : 6 00 in the evening .
GOODWYN: Archibald says that two months before the election, in September of '72, Red Blount's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over Mr. Bush's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties.
GOODWYN : says that two Archibald before months the election , in September ' of 72 , Red Blount ' s manager campaign came to him and asked he that quietly over take Mr . Bush s ' job because the campaign were materials not getting out to the counties .
GOODWYN : Archibald says that months two the before , election in September of ' 72 , Red Blount ' s campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly Mr take over . Bush ' s because job the campaign materials were not out getting to counties the .
Mr. ARCHIBALD: George certainly didn't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there.
. mr ARCHIBALD : certainly George didn ' t to seem have any concerns taking about my this work over with the campaign workers there .
. mr ARCHIBALD : George didn certainly ' t seem have to any concerns about taking my over this work with the campaign there workers .
My overall impression was that he didn't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters.
My was overall impression he that didn t ' seem interested as in the campaign the as other people were working who at the state headquarters .
Overall my was impression he that didn ' t seem interested as in the campaign the as people other who were working the at headquarters state .
GOODWYN: Murph Archibald says that at first, he didn't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard.
GOODWYN Murph : Archibald says at that first , he didn ' t know that Bush Mr . serving was in the Air National Guard .
GOODWYN : Murph says Archibald that at first , he ' didn know that t Mr . serving Bush was the in Air National Guard .
After he found out from somebody else, Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it.
He after found out somebody from else , Archibald attempted to talk to . Mr about Bush . it
After he found from out else somebody , Archibald attempted talk to to Mr . Bush about it .
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant, too; he figured they had something to talk about.
The president was a and lieutenant Archibald a had been , lieutenant too he ; they figured had something to talk about .
The president was a lieutenant and been Archibald had a lieutenant , too ; they he something figured had to talk about .
Mr. ARCHIBALD: George didn't have any interest at all in talking about the military.
Mr . ARCHIBALD George : didn ' t any have interest at talking all in the about military .
Mr . : George ARCHIBALD didn ' t have any interest at in talking all about military the .
In fact, when I broached the subject with him, he simply changed the subject.
Fact in , I the when subject broached with him , he simply changed the subject .
Fact in , when I broached the him subject , with he changed simply the subject .
He wasn't unpleasant about it, but he just changed the subject and wouldn't talk about it.
Wasn he ' t unpleasant it about , but just he changed subject the and wouldn ' talk t about . it
He wasn ' t unpleasant about it , but he just the changed subject wouldn and talk ' t about it .
GOODWYN: Far from Texas and Washington, DC, Mr. Bush enjoyed his freedom.
GOODWYN from : Far Texas and Washington , , Mr DC . enjoyed Bush his freedom .
GOODWYN : from Far and Texas , Washington DC Mr , . Bush enjoyed freedom his .
He dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign.
He dated a beautiful young woman working on the . campaign
A he dated beautiful young working woman on the campaign .
He went out in the evenings and had a good time.
Went he in the out evenings and had a good time .
He went out in the evenings and had a good . time
In fact, he left the house he rented in such disrepair--with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed--that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill.
Fact in , he the house left rented he in such disrepair - - with to damage the walls and chandelier a destroyed - - that the Montgomery family who owned still it grumble about the unpaid bill repair .
Fact in , he left the house he rented such in disrepair - - with to the damage walls and a chandelier destroyed - that - family the Montgomery owned who it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and, in a friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before, kind of as a conversation starter.
Archibald Mr says . Bush would come into the office in and , friendly a , way up offer stories about the drinking he d ' done the before night , of as kind a conversation starter .
Says archibald Mr . Bush would come into the office and , in friendly way a , offer up about stories he the drinking ' d done the before night , kind as a conversation of starter .
Mr. ARCHIBALD: People have different ways of starting the days in any office.
. mr ARCHIBALD : have People different ways of the starting days in office any .
Mr . ARCHIBALD People : have different of ways starting the in days office any .
They're going to talk about their kids, they're going to talk about football, they're going to talk about the weather.
They ' to re going talk about their kids , they ' re going talk about football to , they ' going to re talk the about weather .
They ' going re to talk their about , kids they ' re going to talk about football , they ' going re to talk about the weather .
And this was simply his opening gambit; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking.
And this simply was his opening gambit ; he start would talking about that had he out been late the drinking night . before
This and simply his was opening gambit ; he start would talking about that he had been out the late night before drinking .
GOODWYN: Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off-putting to him.
GOODWYN : says Archibald frequency the with which Mr . Bush discussed the subject was - putting off to him .
Archibald GOODWYN : says the frequency with which Mr . discussed Bush the subject was - putting off him to .
Mr. ARCHIBALD: I mean, at that time, I was 28; George would have been 25 or 26.
Mr . ARCHIBALD I : mean , at that , I time was ; 28 George have would been or 25 26 .
. mr : ARCHIBALD I , mean at that time , I 28 was ; George have would 25 been or 26 .
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations, particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign, by talking about their drinking the night before.
And I it thought really was unusual that someone mid in their - 20s would initiate conversations , particularly in context the something of serious a as as senatorial US campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .
And I it thought really was that unusual someone their in 20s mid - would initiate conversations , particularly in context the of as something serious as US a senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking night the before .
I thought it unusual and, frankly, inappropriate.
It I thought unusual and , , frankly inappropriate .
I it thought unusual and frankly , inappropriate , .
GOODWYN: According to Archibald, Mr. Bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at Yale in New Haven, and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving, he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator.
GOODWYN : to According Archibald , Mr . would Bush also sometimes tell stories his about at days Yale New in Haven , and how whenever got he pulled over for driving , erratic was he go let after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator .
GOODWYN : According to Archibald Mr , . Bush would also tell sometimes days stories about his at Yale in Haven New , how and whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving he , was let go the after officers discovered he was the grandson of Connecticut a US senator .
Archibald, a middle-class Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democrat--didn't like that story.
Middle archibald , a - class Alabama - boy - who , by , the way is now registered a Democrat - - didn ' that t like story .
Archibald a , middle class - - Alabama boy who - , by the , way is now registered a Democrat - - ' didn like t that story .
Mr. ARCHIBALD: He told us whenever he was stopped, as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush, they would let him go.
. mr ARCHIBALD : whenever He told us he was stopped , as soon as law the enforcement out found that was the he grandson of Bush Prescott , they would let go him .
. mr ARCHIBALD He : us whenever told he was stopped , as soon as the law found out enforcement that he was the of grandson Prescott Bush they , him would let go .
And he would always laugh about that. "
He and would always laugh that about . "
And he would laugh about always that . "
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom didn't remember George telling drunk stories.
Dutifully goodwyn notes that Baba Groom didn ' remember t telling George stories drunk .
Dutifully goodwyn notes Baba that Groom ' didn t remember telling George drunk stories .
But that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the "girls".
That means but nothing , they weren since ' t the sort of like things guys Bush told the " girls " .
But means that nothing , since weren they ' t the of things sort guys like Bush the told girls " " .
He was trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him.
Was he to trying buddy with and Archibald impress him .
He trying was to buddy Archibald with and him impress .
Again, decades of this sort of behavior do not leave a person untouched.
Again , decades of sort this of behavior do not a leave . person untouched
, again decades of sort this behavior of do not leave a person . untouched
Our world is in crisis and our Republic is in danger.
World our is crisis and in our Republic is in danger .
Our world in is our crisis and Republic is in danger .
It should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this.
Should it not left in be the hands of a spent man who his life like this .
It should not be left in the hands a man of who spent his life like . this
When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men
The when are cities on fire with the burning flesh men of
When cities the are on fire with the burning flesh of men
Just remember that death is not the end
Remember just death that is not the end
Just remember that death not is end the
And you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen
And you search in vain to find just one law citizen abiding
You search and in to vain find just one law abiding citizen
Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan
That just remember is death not the end - Bob Dylan
Just that remember death not is end the - Bob Dylan
Afraid I don't have time today to discuss these, but some stories need attention:
Afraid I don ' t have time discuss today to these , but some stories attention need :
I afraid don ' t have time to discuss today these , but some need stories : attention
From Wednesday's Mirror the headline, "Have 200,000 AK47s Fallen Into the Hands of Iraq Terrorists?"
From Wednesday ' s Mirror the headline , " Have 200 , 000 AK47s Into Fallen Hands the of Terrorists ? Iraq "
From Wednesday ' s Mirror the headline , " Have , 200 000 Fallen AK47s Into Hands of the Iraq Terrorists ? "
(also see this thread on the RI discussion board):
( also thread see this the on RI discussion board ) :
Also ( see this thread on RI the board discussion ) :
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday.
200 some , 000 sent guns the to US Iraqi security may forces have been smuggled to terrorists , was it feared yesterday .
Some 200 000 , guns the sent US to security forces Iraqi have may been smuggled to terrorists , was it yesterday feared .
The 99-tonne cache of AK47s was to have been secretly flown out from a US base in Bosnia.
The 99 - AK47s tonne cache of to was have been secretly from flown out a US base in Bosnia .
The 99 - tonne of cache AK47s to was secretly have been from flown out a US base in Bosnia .
But the four planeloads of arms have vanished.
The but four planeloads of arms vanished have .
But the four planeloads arms have of vanished .
Orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense.
For orders deal the to ahead go were given by the US Department Defense of .
Orders deal for the to go ahead were by given the Department US of Defense .
But the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders .
But the work contracted was via out complex a web private of arms traders .
But the was work contracted out via web a complex of private arms . traders
And the Moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003 for smuggling arms to Liberia, human rights group Amnesty has discovered.
And Moldovan the airline used to transport shipment the was blasted the by UN 2003 in smuggling for to arms , Liberia human rights group Amnesty discovered has .
The airline and Moldovan used transport to shipment the was blasted by the UN in for smuggling 2003 arms to Liberia , human rights Amnesty group has discovered .
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police and army instead went to al-Qaeda .
It follows a separate probe that claiming guns thousands of meant for Iraq ' police and s army instead to went al - . Qaeda
It a follows claiming separate probe that of thousands guns meant Iraq for ' s police and army went instead to - al Qaeda .
Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said: "It's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles.
Chief amnesty spokesman Mike Blakemore said : " It ' s unbelievable that one can no account for 200 , 000 . assault rifles
Amnesty chief spokesman said Mike Blakemore : " ' It unbelievable s that no one can account 200 for , 000 assault rifles .
If these weapons have gone missing it's a terrifying prospect."
These if weapons have gone missing it ' s . a terrifying prospect "
If these weapons have missing gone it ' s a prospect terrifying . "
American defence chiefs hired a US firm to take the guns, from the 90s Bosnian war, to Iraq.
Defence american chiefs hired US a to firm take guns the , from the Bosnian 90s war to , Iraq .
Defence american hired chiefs a US firm to take the , guns from the Bosnian 90s war , to Iraq .
But air traffic controllers in Baghdad have no record of the flights, which supposedly took off between July 2004 and July 2005.
But air traffic controllers in Baghdad have record no of the flights , took which off supposedly July between 2004 and July 2005 .
But air controllers traffic in Baghdad have no record the of flights , supposedly which off between took July 2004 July 2005 and .
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received "any weapons from Bosnia" and added they were "not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia".
A coalition forces spokesman they confirmed had " not received any Bosnia weapons from " added and they were not " aware of purchases any for Iraq from " Bosnia .
A forces spokesman coalition they confirmed had received not " weapons any from Bosnia " and added they " were not of aware purchases any for Iraq Bosnia from " .
Nato and US officials have already voiced fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US, British and Swiss firms - are being passed to insurgents.
And nato US officials voiced have already fears that Bosnian - sold arms by US , British and Swiss firms are - passed being to . insurgents
And nato US officials have voiced already fears that Bosnian - sold arms by , US and British Swiss - firms being are passed to insurgents .
A NATO spokesman said: "There's no tracking mechanism to ensure they don't fall into the wrong hands.
A NATO said : spokesman " There s ' no tracking mechanism to ensure they don ' t into fall the wrong . hands
A spokesman NATO said : " There ' tracking s no to ensure mechanism they don ' t into fall wrong the hands .
There are concerns that some may have been siphoned off."
Are there that concerns some may have been off siphoned . "
There are concerns that some may have been siphoned . off "
This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al-Qaeda.
This year a newspaper UK claimed two firms were involved in deal a which in thousands of for guns forces Iraqi re were - to routed al - . Qaeda
This a year newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved a in deal thousands in which guns of Iraqi for forces re were - routed al to Qaeda - .
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes , it's one of Victor Bout's .
The Moldovan airline is , Aerocom , and yes ' it s one Victor of Bout ' s .
Moldovan the airline is Aerocom , and yes it , s ' one of Victor Bout ' s .
It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the incompetence theory receives, even from some of the Administration's harshest mainstream critics.
It ' s always bang a - your - head - against - - the wall moment , again reading the play the theory incompetence receives , even from of the some Administration ' mainstream s harshest critics .
It ' a s always bang - head your - - - against the - moment wall , again reading the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of Administration the ' s harshest mainstream critics .
But then, even to talk of an "administration" may be misdirection at this point, given how little representative government means in the United States these days, and how much of "national security" has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns.
But then , even to talk of an " " administration may be at misdirection this point , given how little representative government means in the United States these days , how and of much " security national " has privatized been into a gangland global of drugs guns and .
Then but , even to talk an of " administration may " be misdirection at this point , little given how representative government means in the United States days these , and how much of national " security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs guns and .
Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been "lost" in Iraq, planeloads of arms don't just "vanish"; not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of Bout's untouchable stature.
Like tens the of billions of dollars that been have " lost " in Iraq , planeloads of arms ' don t " just vanish " not ; when the Pentagon contracts the work international to an Bout criminal of ' s stature untouchable .
Like the tens billions of of that dollars have been " lost in " Iraq , planeloads of don arms ' t just vanish " " ; not when the Pentagon contracts the to work an international of criminal Bout ' s untouchable stature .
But Bout's name isn't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives, before it sinks like so many others beneath the media's frothing triviality.
But bout ' s name isn ' t likely be to in mentioned whatever coverage this story , receives before like it sinks many so others the media beneath ' s frothing triviality .
But ' Bout s isn name ' likely t to be in mentioned coverage whatever this story receives , before it like sinks so many others the beneath media ' s frothing . triviality
Meanwhile, a decision's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson.
Meanwhile , a ' decision been s in reached the of trial Toledo Gerald priest Robinson .
, meanwhile a decision ' s been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Robinson . Gerald
And it's guilty :
It and ' s guilty :
And it ' guilty s :
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony-faced as the jury's guilty verdict was read, and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs.
The Rev . Gerald Robinson appeared - stony faced as the jury ' s read guilty verdict was , and blinked he repeatedly and his glanced at lawyers before being led in away handcuffs .
Rev the . Robinson Gerald appeared stony faced - as jury the ' s guilty verdict read was , and he repeatedly blinked and glanced his lawyers at before being led away in handcuffs .
...
...
...
The crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in downtown Toledo on the Saturday before Easter in 1980.
The occurred crime in sacristy the adjoining the hospital chapel in Toledo downtown on the Saturday Easter before in 1980 .
The crime occurred the in sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in Toledo downtown on the before Saturday Easter in . 1980
Investigators said the nun, Margaret Ann Pahl, 71, was strangled and then stabbed, with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross, a well-recognized Satanic symbol.
Said investigators the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was and strangled then stabbed , nine with wounds on her chest forming the shape of inverted an cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .
Investigators said the nun Margaret , Ann Pahl , 71 , and was strangled then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the of shape an inverted cross , a well - symbol recognized Satanic .
An altar cloth was draped over her half-naked body, which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted.
An altar cloth was over draped half her - naked body , posed which was as if she sexually had been assaulted .
An was altar cloth over draped her half - naked , body was which posed if as she had been sexually assaulted .
"It was about how he could humiliate her the most," prosecutor Dean Mandros said in closing arguments.
" about It was how he could her the humiliate , most " prosecutor Mandros Dean said in closing arguments .
" was It about he how humiliate could the her most , " Dean prosecutor said Mandros in closing arguments .
"He left a message for everyone to see ... maybe to God himself."
" He message left a everyone for see to . . . maybe to God . himself "
" left He a for message everyone see to . . . maybe God himself to . "
After the sentencing one of Robinson's tearful supporters "turned to Claudia Vercellotti, a local leader of the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests [SNAP], who had helped reopen the case, and told her, 'I hope you rot in hell!'"
After sentencing the of Robinson one ' s tearful supporters " turned to Vercellotti Claudia , local a leader of Network the Survivors for Those Abused by Priests [ SNAP ] who , had reopen helped the case , and her told , ' I hope you rot in hell ! ' "
After the sentencing one of Robinson ' tearful s supporters " turned to Claudia Vercellotti , local a leader of the Survivors Network Those for Abused Priests by SNAP [ ] , who had helped reopen the case , and told , her ' I hope rot you in ! hell ' "
From SNAP's statement on the Robinson conviction:
SNAP from s ' statement on the conviction Robinson :
SNAP from ' s on the statement Robinson conviction :
More than ever, police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .
More ever than police , and prosecutors the have tools and the will to after go horrific , crimes when even defendants the are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .
More than ever , and police have prosecutors and the tools the will to go after horrific crimes , even when defendants the are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .
When victims and witnesses stay silent, nothing changes.
When victims and witnesses silent nothing stay , changes .
Victims when and witnesses silent stay nothing , changes .
When victims and witnesses speak up, at least sometimes a child is protected, the truth is exposed, and justice is done.
When victims and witnesses speak up , least sometimes at a child is , protected truth the is , exposed and justice is done .
When and victims speak witnesses up , least at sometimes child a is protected , truth the is exposed , justice is and done .
The murder weapon, Robinson's letter opener:
The weapon murder Robinson , ' letter s opener :
The murder weapon , Robinson ' letter s opener :
Finally, from an email, a follow-up on the reopening of the investigation into the Atlanta Child Murders :
, from finally an email , a follow up - on the reopening of investigation the into Atlanta the Murders Child :
Finally , an from email a , follow - up the on of reopening the investigation the into Atlanta Child : Murders
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham...the man who reopened the investigations last year, is mysteriously stepping down.
County dekalb Chief Louis Police Graham . . the . man reopened who the investigations year last , is mysteriously stepping down .
Dekalb Police County Chief Graham Louis . . . man the who reopened the investigations last , year is stepping mysteriously . down
And of all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement...is none other than Lee Brown, the original supervisor of the Atlanta PD, who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation.
And of all the people who the county getting is to find a . replacement . . is other Lee none than Brown , the original of supervisor Atlanta PD the , who was in office the during murders the and subsequent investigation .
And of all the people who county the is getting to find . a replacement . . is none than other Lee , Brown the original supervisor the of Atlanta PD , who in was office the during murders and the subsequent investigation .
SNAP is right in part.
SNAP is in right part .
SNAP is right in . part
Police and prosecutors have the tools.
And police prosecutors have tools the .
And police prosecutors have tools the .
The will is another matter.
The is will another matter .
The will is matter another .
Some do, individually.
Some do , . individually
Some do individually , .
But institutionally?
But ? institutionally
But ? institutionally
That's still the domain of those who don't.
' that s still the domain those of don who ' t .
That ' s still domain the of who those ' don t .
lots of important stories out there today jeff....thank god and a few good souls for that conviction.
Lots of important stories out there today jeff . . . . thank god a and good few for souls that . conviction
Of lots important stories out there today jeff . . . . god thank and good a few for souls that . conviction
Have you sent this to congress yet?
Have you sent this congress yet to ?
Have sent you this to congress ? yet
talk about law enforcement not having the will...
talk law about not having enforcement the will . . .
about talk law enforcement not having the will . . .
CRACKDOWN ON POLYGAMY GROUP
CRACKDOWN POLYGAMY ON GROUP
ON CRACKDOWN POLYGAMY GROUP
Small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern US under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints (FLDS) separated itself from mainstream Mormonism in 1890.
Small polygamous groups have existed in the US southwestern under the yet benign watchful fairly of eye authorities ever since a sect known as the Latter Fundamentalist Day Saints ( FLDS separated ) itself from Mormonism mainstream in 1890 .
Small polygamous groups existed have in the southwestern US under the watchful yet benign fairly eye of authorities ever a since known sect as Fundamentalist the Latter Saints Day ( ) FLDS separated itself from mainstream in Mormonism 1890 .
...
...
...
Now, FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added to the FBI's list of "Ten Most Wanted Fugitives," a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of] the impact that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women.
Now , FLDS leader Jeffs Warren has been added to the FBI ' s list of " Most Ten Wanted Fugitives , " a move that caps law enforcement ' dramatic s change of toward approach the polygamous group recent in years . . . because [ of ] the impact that the group ' s practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect particularly , and children women .
Now , FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added the to FBI ' s of list " Ten Fugitives Most Wanted , " a move that caps law enforcement ' s dramatic of change approach the toward polygamous group recent years in . . . [ because of ] the impact that the group ' s practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly children and women .
When the FLDS under Mr. Jeffs (and his father before him) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $110 million; when it became clear that government officials, school authorities, and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges (mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men); and when the sect began to use secluded compounds, state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously.
When the FLDS under Mr . Jeffs ( his and father before him ) grew to some 10 , 000 followers several in southwestern communities estimated with of assets $ 110 million ; when it became that clear government officials , authorities school , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex - members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began use to secluded state compounds , federal and authorities started to crack down more vigorously .
When the FLDS under Mr . Jeffs ( and his father before him ) to grew some 10 , 000 followers in several communities southwestern with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , police and in those had communities become intertwined with the sect ; when ex - members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( involving mainly underage girls forced to older men marry ) ; when and the sect began to use secluded compounds , state federal and authorities started to crack more down vigorously .
...
...
...
Specifically, Jeffs is charged in Utah and Arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging "spiritual" marriages for girls and older men.
Specifically , Jeffs charged is in Utah Arizona and with sexual assault underage of and girls arranging with " " spiritual marriages for girls and . older men
, specifically is Jeffs charged in Utah Arizona and with assault sexual of underage girls and with arranging spiritual " " for marriages girls older and . men
At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix, FBI and state officials said Jeffs "is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards."
At press weekend conferences in Salt City Lake and Phoenix FBI and , officials state Jeffs said " is considered and armed dangerous may and be traveling with bodyguards armed . "
At press weekend conferences in Salt Lake City Phoenix and , FBI state and officials said " Jeffs considered armed is dangerous and and may be traveling with armed bodyguards . "
In the past, he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world, according to former members.
In the past , has he talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end the to world , former according to members .
In the past , he has talked in about apocalyptic a terms violent end the to world , according former to . members
...
...
...
As with Christian Identity and other hate-related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo-Nazi Creativity Movement, Jeffs has preached racism as well.
As with Identity Christian and other hate - related tied philosophies to the Nations and Aryan the neo - Creativity Nazi Movement , Jeffs has preached as well racism .
With as Christian Identity and other - hate related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo - Nazi Movement Creativity , Jeffs preached has racism as . well
"The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth," Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center's "Intelligence Report."
" black The race is people through the which the devil has been always able bring evil to unto earth the , " Jeffs has as said cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center ' s " Intelligence Report . "
" black The is race the people which through devil the has always been to able evil bring unto the earth , " Jeffs said as has cited by Southern the Law Poverty Center ' s " Intelligence Report . "
An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City earlier this year acknowledged that "the state's history, a conservative belief in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid-glove approach lawmakers and law-enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities."
An in editorial the church - owned Deseret News Morning in Salt City Lake earlier acknowledged this year that " the state ' s history , a belief in conservative free choice , and an to unwillingness stir up a hornet ' s in nest the national media have likely all contributed to the kid - glove approach and lawmakers law - enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities . "
An editorial in the church - Deseret owned Morning News in Salt Lake earlier City this year acknowledged that " the state ' s history , a conservative belief in free choice , and an to unwillingness stir up a hornet s ' nest in the national media have likely contributed all to kid the - glove approach lawmakers and law - enforcement have officers taken dealing when with polygamous communities . "
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5
: http / / . www csmonitor com . 2006 / 0509 / / p02s01 - ussc . html s ? = t5
http : / / www . . csmonitor com / 0509 2006 / / p02s01 - ussc html . ? t5 s =
Maybe I'm missing something here, but how, exactly, does one 'Loose' 200,000 AK47's?
Maybe I ' missing m here something , but how , exactly does , one ' ' Loose , 000 200 AK47 s ' ?
I maybe ' missing m something , here how but , exactly , one ' does Loose ' 200 000 , AK47 ' s ?
"There's no tracking mechanism in place"?!?!?
" There s ' no tracking mechanism in " place ? ! ? ! ?
" ' There s no tracking in mechanism place " ? ! ? ! ?
Never mind.
Mind never .
Mind never .
No need to worry.
No need worry to .
No need worry to .
I'm sure this kind of thing goes on all the time.
I ' m sure kind this of thing on all goes time the .
I ' m kind this of sure thing goes on all the time .
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming....
We return now you your to regularly programming scheduled . . . .
We return you now to your scheduled regularly programming . . . .
just go here, its simply amazing
just go , its here simply amazing
Go just here its , simply amazing
The Raw Story
Raw the Story
The Story Raw
i count like 14 explosive headlines.
i count 14 like explosive . headlines
i like count explosive 14 headlines .
Then, of course, there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case...
Then of , course , there is the the evidence jury not did hear about the in case Robinson . . .
Then , of there course , is the the evidence jury did not about hear in the Robinson . case . .
Funny how some things are squirelled away by well-meaning prosecutors...
Funny how things are some squirelled away by - meaning well prosecutors . . .
Funny how some squirelled things are by away well - prosecutors meaning . . .
Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic underground?
Maybe because they hint at a conspiracy larger / of network abusers satanic / ? underground
Maybe because they hint at larger a conspiracy / network abusers of / satanic underground ?
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law.
Read I a of not case ago long when some people were trying to get a judge polygamous taken off the bench for obeying not state law .
Read I a of not case long ago when people some trying to were get polygamous a judge taken off the for bench not obeying state law .
Of course law enforcement has dragged it's feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves.
Course of law enforcement has dragged it ' s feet members when are taking part in the activity themselves .
Of course law enforcement has dragged it s ' feet when members are taking activity part in the themselves .
Personally I don't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled.
I personally don ' give t a damn what do adults to one another as long as there no is abuse invovled .
Personally I don ' t a damn give what do adults to one another as long as there is no invovled abuse .
It is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me.
Is it marrying the off of girls to young older men often relatives close that enfurates me .
It the is marrying off of girls young to older men often that close relatives me enfurates .
Also these cults have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life.
Also these cults multimillions have yet the and women kids live poverty in the so can leaders live high the life .
Also these have multimillions cults yet the and women kids live in poverty so the leaders can live high the life .
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband.
In Warren the cult Jeffs he wives reassigns if the displeases husband or him to reward new the husband .
In the Jeffs Warren he cult reassigns if wives the husband displeases or him to the new reward husband .
Husbands marry mothers and teen daughters at the same time.
Marry husbands mothers and teen at the daughters same time .
Husbands marry mothers and teen daughters the at same time .
a rare form of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world.
a rare form of retardation showing is up in that group than more in anywhere else the . world
rare a form of is retardation up showing in group that more than anywhere else the in world .
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child.
It is and the genetic child needs to get gene the from parents both to into turn a instead of vegetable a thinking child .
It genetic is and child the needs to get gene the parents from both to turn into a vegetable instead a of thinking . child
The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure.
The doctor them begs to intermarrying stop but they say they to have blood keep the pure .
The begs doctor to them stop intermarrying but they say to they have keep the blood . pure
look up fumarase deficiency for more info.
up look fumarase deficiency for info more .
up look fumarase for deficiency more info .
Also look up the kingston family.
Also look the up family kingston .
Also up the look kingston family .
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from 'marriage' to her father's own brother.
One member actually was of convicted beating his daughter teen she unconcious when ran away from ' marriage ' to father her s ' own brother .
One actually member convicted was of beating teen his daughter unconcious when she ran away ' from marriage ' her to father ' own s brother .
no one was charged for forced marriage, only the beating.
no one was charged forced for marriage , only the beating .
no was one charged for marriage forced , only the . beating
So we "lost" some weapon?
So we " some lost " weapon ?
So we " lost some " ? weapon
It's a good thing too.
It ' s good thing a too .
It s ' a thing good too .
We wouldn't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us.
We wouldn ' t those want terrorists run to shit out of to shoot at . us
We ' wouldn t want terrorists those out run to of shit to shoot at us .
Then the war might stop & all those juicy profits would just evaporate.
The war then might & stop all those juicy profits would just . evaporate
The then war stop might & all profits those juicy would just evaporate .
What's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash?
What s ' a soldiers few dead in comparison to keeping those all defense contractors awash in all that tax cash ?
' what s a few dead in comparison soldiers to keeping all those defense contractors awash all in tax that ? cash
They really are milking the incompetence angle though, aren't they?
Really they are milking the angle incompetence though , aren they ' t ?
Really they are the milking incompetence angle though , aren ' t they ?
Just another big Iraq whoopsie daisy, huh?
Just big another Iraq whoopsie daisy , ? huh
Just another big daisy Iraq whoopsie , huh ?
Christ, you'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots.
Christ , you ' d think America get would a bit tired of these guys her treating like was she populated gullible with nothing but idiots .
, christ you ' d think America would a tired get bit of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing gullible idiots but .
I suppose that it's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots.
I suppose that it ' s lucky damn the for GOP that she is gullible populated with . idiots
I it suppose that ' s damn lucky for GOP the she is that populated with gullible idiots .
US outsourcing special ops, intelligence to Iraq terror group, intelligence officials say
US outsourcing special , ops Iraq intelligence to terror group intelligence , officials say
US outsourcing , special ops to intelligence terror Iraq group , intelligence officials say
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack, former and current intelligence officials say...
The is Pentagon bypassing official US intelligence and channels turning a to dangerous and cast unruly of characters to in order create in strife Iran in preparation for attack any possible , and former current intelligence officials say . . .
Pentagon the is bypassing official intelligence US channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly of cast in characters order to create strife in in Iran for preparation any possible , attack former current and intelligence officials say . . .
http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/US_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
: http / www / . com rawstory . / news / 2006 / . US_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413 html
: http / www / . rawstory . / com news 2006 / / . US_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413 html
A country deserves the leaders it has, my friends...
A country the deserves leaders , it has my friends . . .
A country deserves the it leaders has , my friends . . .
And MEK -- the Iranian (not Iraqi) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult:
MEK and - the - Iranian not ( Iraqi ) terror group question in - - is unquestionably itself cult a :
And MEK - - the Iranian ( not Iraqi ) terror in group question - - is itself unquestionably cult a :
As the leaders like to boast, the Mujahedeen is a family affair.
As the like leaders to boast , Mujahedeen the is a family affair .
As the leaders like to boast , Mujahedeen is the a family affair .
(''We have three generations of martyrs: grandmothers, mothers, daughters.'')
( ' We ' three have generations of : martyrs , grandmothers mothers daughters , . ' ' )
( ' ' We have generations three of martyrs : grandmothers , , mothers . daughters ' ' )
Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents.
Most of the girls was I grown meeting had in up Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf , they where lived from separated parents their .
Of most girls the I was meeting had up grown in Mujahedeen in schools Ashraf , they where lived from their separated parents .
Family visits were allowed on Thursday nights and Fridays.
Family were visits on allowed Thursday nights Fridays and .
Visits family were on allowed Thursday nights Fridays and .
When Iraq invaded Kuwait, many of these girls were transported to Jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- Germany, France, Canada, Denmark, England, the United States -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters.
When iraq invaded Kuwait , of these many girls were to transported and Jordan then smuggled to various - countries - Germany , France , Canada , , Denmark England , the United - States - where they were by raised guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters .
When invaded Iraq Kuwait , many of girls these transported were to Jordan and then smuggled to countries - various Germany - , France , Canada , Denmark , England , United the States - - where were they raised by guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters .
When they were 18 or 19, many of them decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest Mujahedeen generation.
When they were 18 19 or , many them of decided come to back to and fill Iraq the of ranks the youngest generation Mujahedeen .
They when were 18 or 19 , many them of to decided come back to Iraq fill and the ranks the youngest Mujahedeen of generation .
Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders.
Though ' decided ' ' ' is probably the not right word since , from day the they were born , and these girls were boys not taught to think for themselves blindly but to their follow leaders .
' though ' decided ' ' is probably not the right word , since from day the were they born , these girls boys and not were to taught think themselves for but to follow blindly their leaders .
''Every morning and night, the kids, beginning as young as 1 and 2, had to stand before a poster of Massoud and Maryam, salute them and shout praises to them,'' Nadereh Afshari, a former Mujahedeen deep-believer, told me.
' ' Every and morning , night the kids , as beginning young as 1 2 and , had to before stand a poster of Massoud Maryam and , salute them shout and praises to them , ' ' Afshari Nadereh , former Mujahedeen a deep - believer , told me .
' ' Every morning night and , the kids beginning , young as as 1 2 and , had stand to before a poster of and Massoud Maryam , salute them and praises shout to them , ' ' Nadereh Afshari , a former Mujahedeen deep believer - , told me .
Afshari, who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war, said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system, the Mujahedeen refused.
, afshari was who posted in Germany was and responsible receiving for Mujahedeen during children gulf the war , that said when German the to government tried absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .
, afshari was who in posted Germany and was responsible for Mujahedeen receiving children during the gulf war , said when that the government German to tried absorb Mujahedeen into their children education system , the Mujahedeen . refused
Many of the children were sent to Mujahedeen schools, particularly in France.
Many of the children were sent to Mujahedeen , schools particularly France in .
Of many the children sent to Mujahedeen were schools , particularly in France .
The Rajavis, Afshari went on to say, ''saw these kids as the next generation's soldiers.
The Rajavis , Afshari on to went say , ' ' saw kids these next as generation the ' s soldiers .
The , Rajavis Afshari on went to say , ' saw ' these kids as the generation next s ' . soldiers
They wanted to brainwash them and control them.''
They to wanted brainwash them and control them . ' '
Wanted they to brainwash them and control them . ' '
Which may explain the pattern to their stories: a journey to self-empowerment and the enlightenment of self-sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud.
Which may explain pattern the their to : stories a journey to self empowerment - and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired the by light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud .
May which explain the pattern their to stories : a journey to - self empowerment and enlightenment the self of - inspired sacrifice the light by and wisdom of and Maryam Massoud .
Link
Link
Link
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people don't know what they are, don't care, or know perfectly well.
One has to whether wonder the bright fellows in our and government military set who up the with deals these don people know ' t what are they don , ' t care or , know perfectly well .
One has to wonder whether the bright in our fellows government and military who up set the deals with people don these know ' t are what they , don ' t care , or perfectly know well .
Jeff,
, jeff
, jeff
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction: http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php
. com you SPLOID cited the on topic that of priest : conviction http : / / www sploid . . com / news / 2006 05 / / evil_priest_gui . php
SPLOID . com cited you on the of topic that conviction priest : http : / / www sploid . . com / / 2006 news / 05 evil_priest_gui / php .
Umm...
. umm . .
. umm . .
Question Mark
Mark question
Mark question
Jimmy Plant, Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money.
Jimmy plant , is Blogshares a fantasy blogosphere trading with game pretend money .
Jimmy Plant , Blogshares a is blogosphere fantasy trading pretend game with money .
That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it.
That ' all s I know ; I ' ve had do to nothing it with .
That ' I s all know ; I ' had nothing ve do to with it .
Bush successfully makes Satan look good in comparison.
Bush successfully makes look Satan good comparison in .
Bush successfully makes Satan look good in comparison .
Or something like that.
Or something that like .
Or something that like .
http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/
: http / www / laweekly . com . general / features / / satan - loves - you / 13454 /
http : / / . www . laweekly / com general features / / - satan - loves you / 13454 /
"Another generation of heavy metal has taken over, and -- sorry -- it ain't just about strippers and dope.
" Another of generation has heavy taken metal , over and - sorry - - - it ain ' t just about and strippers dope .
" Another generation heavy of has metal taken over , and - - sorry - - it ain ' t about just strippers and dope .
Okay, it's partly about strippers and dope.
Okay , ' it partly s about strippers dope and .
Okay , it ' partly s strippers about and . dope
And we'll get around to that.
We and ' ll get around that to .
And we ' get ll to around that .
But more and more, as metal evolves into a huge international music that belongs to everyone, it has gotten to be something weirder.
But and more more , as evolves metal a into huge international music that belongs everyone to , it gotten has be to weirder something .
But more more and , metal as into evolves a international huge music that belongs everyone to , it has to gotten be something . weirder
It's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality; real morality.
' it become s guardian a morality of - - not church ; morality real morality .
It s ' a become guardian of morality - not - morality church ; morality real .
Praise be: Given the void in responsible behavior among governments, police, educational establishments and religions, the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to... Satan"
Be praise : Given the void in responsible behavior among , governments police , educational establishments and religions , the of guiding task youth down the path our righteousness of fallen has to . . . Satan "
Praise be : Given the void in behavior responsible among , governments police , establishments and religions educational , task the of guiding our youth down the path righteousness of has fallen . to . . Satan "
Hmmmmmm....................
. hmmmmmm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. hmmmmmm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The people who carry out these underground arms/drugs/sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves.
The people who carry out these underground / arms drugs / trafficking sex deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves .
People the carry who out underground these arms / / drugs trafficking deals sex are trauma based mind controlled slaves .
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes, it's one of Victor Bout's.
Moldovan the airline is Aerocom and , , yes it ' s of Victor one Bout ' s .
The Moldovan airline Aerocom is , and yes , it ' one s Victor of Bout ' s .
The wikipedia entry for Aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it....
Wikipedia the Aerocom entry for is just stub a . . waiting for to someone put some information into it . . . .
The wikipedia entry for Aerocom is a just stub . . waiting to for put someone some information into . it . . .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aerocom
: http / / en . wikipedia org . / / wiki Aerocom
: http / / en wikipedia . . org wiki / / Aerocom
So... put some information in there.
So . . . some information put in . there
So . . put . information some in . there
You know, nature hates a void. :)
You know , nature hates void a . : )
Know you , nature void hates a . : )
Richard,
, richard
, richard
i agree, Hmmmmmm.
Agree I , Hmmmmmm .
agree I , Hmmmmmm .
How are chants of death and suicide ... morality.
Are how chants and of death suicide . . . morality .
How are chants death suicide of and . . . morality .
What about Manson's tees bearing the message, "Kill your parents".
About what Manson ' tees s bearing the message , " your Kill " parents .
What Manson about ' tees s bearing the , message " your Kill parents " .
And were the Columbine killers acting out this "real morality" when they indescriminately murdered their classmates.
Were and the acting Columbine killers out this " real morality " they when indescriminately murdered classmates their .
And were the Columbine out acting killers " this real " morality when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .
They were death metal brainwashed fans, literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm, er ... morality.
They death were metal fans brainwashed literally , fulfilling death metal the paradigm , . er . . morality .
Were they metal death brainwashed fans , literally the death metal fulfilling paradigm , . er . . morality .
(not church morality, no that is phoney, love thy neighbor ... hell no, kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ?????)
( church morality not no that , is phoney , love thy . neighbor . . no hell , kill thy now neighbor that - is REAL ? MORALITY ? ? ? ? )
Not ( church , morality no is that phoney , thy neighbor love . . . hell , no thy kill neighbor now - is that MORALITY REAL ? ? ? ? ? )
So, hmmmm indeed.
So , indeed hmmmm .
So , indeed hmmmm .
I detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent in this article.
I detect the hissing lisp of the serpent lying article in this .
Detect I hissing the of lisp the lying serpent in this article .
The deathly inversion of truth, ala satanism.
Deathly the inversion of truth , ala . satanism
The inversion deathly of truth , satanism ala .
I think the jury's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the Columbine killers.
I think the jury ' out s still exactly on who did the brainwashing in when regard to the Columbine killers .
I think the jury ' still s out on exactly who did the when brainwashing regard to in the Columbine killers .
Perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality' crowd, which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation.
Perhaps we should look at death the metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter cultural - response to the over of hypocrisy a large percentage of the ' Church - Morality ' crowd , which a gives lot service of lip to loving thy neighbor , but doesn ' apply t that love very beyond far their own congregation .
Perhaps we look at should the death phenomenon metal an less as invitation to violence than a couter as - cultural to response the over hypocrisy of a large of percentage the ' Church - Morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to thy loving neighbor , but doesn ' t apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .
The last I checked, the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed (though false) Christians.
The last I checked the , have Satanists a long way go to catch to up with the death and destruction dealt out by self proclaimed - though ( false ) . Christians
The last I checked , the have Satanists a long way to to go catch up with the death and destruction dealt out self by - proclaimed though ( false ) Christians .
Irony is dead...Long live Irony!
Irony is dead . . . Long Irony live !
Is irony . dead . . Long live ! Irony
That's it.
That s ' it .
That s ' it .
I'm firing my editor.
I ' m firing my editor .
I ' m my firing . editor
Well, it's not as simple and clear cut as all that.
Well , it s ' not as simple and clear cut all as that .
, well it ' s as not and simple clear cut as that all .
We're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political-spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection.
' we re into entering interesting and some perhaps previously unexplored socio - political - spiritual here territory may require that further and examination serious introspection .
We re ' entering into some interesting and previously perhaps unexplored socio - political - here spiritual territory that may further examination and require introspection serious .
The Kevin Coogan publication posted on the previous thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion.
The Coogan Kevin publication on posted the previous might thread serve as good a launching point discussion for further .
The Coogan publication Kevin posted previous on the thread might as serve a good launching point further for discussion .
The following quote is from that Coogan article:
Following the is quote from that Coogan article :
The following is quote from Coogan that article :
Imaginary evil is romantic and varied; real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren, boring.
Imaginary evil romantic and is varied ; real evil is gloomy monotonous , , barren , boring .
Imaginary evil and is romantic varied ; real is evil , gloomy monotonous , barren boring , .
Imaginary good is boring; real good is always new, marvelous, intoxicating.
Imaginary good is boring ; real is good always new , marvelous , . intoxicating
Imaginary is good ; boring good real is always new , marvelous intoxicating , .
- Simone Weil
- Weil Simone
- Weil Simone
Starroute:
: starroute
: starroute
I wouldn't wonder too hard.
I wouldn ' wonder too t hard .
I wouldn ' t too hard wonder .
The answer is likely D: all of the above, due to this being a complex reality we live in.
Answer the likely is : D of all the , above due to this being a complex we reality live in .
Answer the is likely D all : of the above , due this to a being reality complex we live . in
But to me, without question, they often know perfectly well.
But me to , without , question often they know perfectly well .
To but me without , question , they know often perfectly well .
Here is a thought: When the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives.
Here is a thought When : appartently the cognitively functional take actions senseless seem that and incompetent it , is most a certain sign that have they or ulterior hidden motives .
Here is a thought : the cognitively When appartently take functional actions that seem senseless incompetent and , is it a most sign certain that they have ulterior hidden or . motives
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they "do as they wilt".
Trust they and you me be to befuddled by their actions while they , " as do they wilt " .
You they trust me and to befuddled by be their actions , they while " do as they wilt " .
http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqDmI4
: http / / youtube . com / ? watch = v d46_ctqDmI4
http : / / . youtube / com watch ? v d46_ctqDmI4 =
To not buying the BS
To not buying BS the
Not to buying the BS
& here I am thinking that I really must be getting old.
& here I am that thinking I must really getting be old .
& I am here that thinking I really must be getting old .
Since the article was specifically about "death metal" I guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of morality:
Since article the was about specifically death " metal " I guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have different waaaaaaaaaaaaay definitions of morality :
Since article was the about specifically " metal death I " guess the missed author this little or tidbit we just have different waaaaaaaaaaaaay definitions of morality :
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm
http : / / news bbc . . . co / uk / 2 hi programmes / / / this_world 4446342 . stm
http : / / news bbc . . . co / uk 2 / / hi programmes / this_world 4446342 / stm .
One man's relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the most shocking crimes in post-war Italy - a tale of satanism and violence that has gripped the country for more than a year.
One man ' s relentless search for his missing son him led to uncover one of the shocking most crimes in post war - Italy - of a tale satanism and violence has that gripped country the for more than a . year
One man ' s relentless search his for son missing led him to uncover one most of the crimes shocking in post - war Italy - a tale of satanism and violence that has the gripped for country more a than year .
In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino, both just 16, disappeared.
January in 1998 Tollis Fabio Chiara and Marino , both 16 just , disappeared .
January in 1998 Tollis Fabio and Marino Chiara both , just 16 , disappeared .
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home.
Had they been drinking pub at a called Midnight the - the centre the of heavy metal scene in Milan - and never they came home .
They had at been drinking a pub called Midnight the - the of centre metal the heavy scene in Milan - and never they came . home
The police and many of their friends just thought they had run off together.
The police many and of their friends thought just had they run off . together
Police the and many their of friends just thought had they run together off .
But their parents refused to accept this.
Their but parents to refused accept this .
But their parents to refused accept . this
Michele Tollis, Fabio's father, began to attend metal concerts and festivals across Europe, handing out leaflets and quizzing Fabio's friends.
Tollis michele , Fabio s ' father , began to concerts attend metal and across festivals Europe handing , leaflets out and quizzing Fabio s ' friends .
Tollis michele , ' Fabio s father , to began metal concerts attend festivals and across Europe handing , out leaflets quizzing and Fabio ' s friends .
Fabio and his friends were into the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal, music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story.
Fabio his and were friends into most extreme the forms of metal heavy music - death metal and black , music metal obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role music of this is central to story the .
Fabio and his were friends into the most extreme of forms heavy metal music - metal and death black metal , music with obsessed images murder and of satanism - and role of the this music central is to the story .
No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked
No one can contradict when me I say that heavy and satanism metal are linked closely
No one can me when contradict I say that metal heavy and are satanism closely linked
Michele Tollis
Tollis michele
Tollis michele
It emerged that Chiara, the girl who disappeared with Fabio, had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom.
Emerged it that Chiara the , girl disappeared who with Fabio , had a collection of satanic and literature paraphernalia in her . bedroom
It emerged that Chiara , the who girl disappeared Fabio with had , a collection of literature satanic and in paraphernalia her bedroom .
During this search, Michele Tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son's disappearance.
During search this , Tollis Michele became that satanism convinced had something to do his son with ' s disappearance .
This during search , Tollis became Michele convinced that satanism had to something do with his son ' s disappearance .
"No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked.
" one No contradict can me when I say heavy metal that satanism and are closely linked .
" No one can contradict me I when say that metal heavy and are satanism linked . closely
They're inseparable," he says.
They ' inseparable re , " says he .
They ' re , inseparable " says he .
Yeah, I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months: "To hell with death".
Yeah think , I Jeff one wrote on of posts his here in the past several : months " hell To with death " .
, yeah I Jeff think wrote one on of his posts here in the months past several : " To hell with death " .
I wholly agree, and would expand that statement to include: "To hell with death metal".
I agree wholly , and would expand that include statement to : " hell To with death metal " .
I wholly agree , and would expand that statement include to : " hell To death with " metal .
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?
The thing here freaky is that these bozos are seriously the claiming moral ground high ? ? ? ? ?
The freaky thing here is these bozos that seriously are claiming the high moral ground ? ? ? ? ?
Talk about a beat-your-head-against-the-wall moment!
About talk beat a - your - - head against - the - wall ! moment
Talk about a beat your - - - head against the - - moment wall !
And for 'Smartwolf' above, think about the inversion principle being employed.
And for ' Smartwolf above ' , think the about inversion principle being employed .
And for ' ' Smartwolf , above think about the principle being inversion employed .
They are doing it deliberately.
Are they doing it deliberately .
They are it doing deliberately .
Do you really think GWB, and neocons in general are representative of true followers of Jesus of Nazareth?
Do you really think , GWB neocons and are in general representative of followers true Jesus of of Nazareth ?
You really do think GWB neocons , and in general are of representative followers true of Jesus of Nazareth ?
(I know, ignorant question) Then why call them, or any other phonies 'Christians', even if they themselves claim the appellation.
( know I , question ignorant ) why Then call them or , any other phonies ' ' Christians , if even they themselves claim the appellation .
I ( , know ignorant question ) Then why call , them or any other phonies ' Christians ' , if even they claim themselves appellation the .
They are merely imposters.
They are imposters merely .
They merely are imposters .
Everything they claim is a lie, and this above all.
Everything they claim a is lie and , this all above .
Everything they is claim a lie and , this all above .
So why even credit their claims?
So why credit even their ? claims
Why so credit even their claims ?
This only serves their purposes.
This serves only their purposes .
Only this serves their purposes .
They want to be identified as 'Christians', and I fully suspect that for some of them, the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage, and has a lot more to do with the black magician's practice of the inversion principle.
They want to be identified as ' Christians ' , and fully suspect I that for some of them , the motivation their behind subterfuge is more than political mere advantage , and has more a lot to do with the black ' magician of s practice the principle inversion .
They want to be identified ' as Christians ' , and fully I suspect that for some of them , the behind motivation their subterfuge more is mere than political advantage has , and a lot to more do with black the magician ' s practice the of inversion principle .
We need to be more 'rigorous' about how we perceive these people.
We to need be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive these . people
We be need more to ' rigorous ' how about we perceive these people .
See them as they are, not for what they claim to be.
See as they them are , for not what they to claim be .
See as them are they not , for they what claim to be .
... the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal, music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story.
. . . most the extreme forms of music heavy metal - death metal and metal black , music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - the and role this of is music to central the story .
. . . most the extreme of forms heavy metal music death - metal and black metal music , with obsessed images of murder satanism and - and the role of this music is the central to story .
Almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century (except for Italian Futurism) were labeled 'degenerate' by the National Socialists.
Almost all of the avant guard art movements the of Century early 20th ( except Italian for Futurism ) were labeled ' ' by degenerate the National Socialists .
Of almost all guard the avant art movements of early the 20th Century except ( for Italian ) Futurism were labeled ' degenerate ' by National the Socialists .
Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of 'degenerate art' in 1937, while curating a parallel show of 'Aryan' art across the street.
Adolf Hitler held even an ' exhibition of degenerate art in ' 1937 , while a show curating parallel of ' Aryan art ' across the street .
Adolf Hitler even an held of exhibition ' degenerate art ' 1937 in while , curating parallel a show of ' Aryan ' across art the street .
The German Expressionist movement was destroyed as a result.
Expressionist the movement German was destroyed as a result .
German the was Expressionist movement destroyed as a result .
Here's a quick overview of the Entartete Kunst (Degenerate Art) exhibit of 1937:
Here s ' a quick the overview Entartete of Kunst ( Art Degenerate ) exhibit of 1937 :
' here s overview a quick of the Entartete Kunst ( Art Degenerate exhibit ) of 1937 :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Degenerate_art
: http / / . en wikipedia . org / / wiki Degenerate_art
http : / / en . . wikipedia org wiki / Degenerate_art /
Ironically (or perhaps not), the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish 'intellectual' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration. .
Ironically ( or perhaps not ) , the of notion the ' degenerate ' and ' art degenerate ' was appropriated by the Nazis and origins its can be traced back to Jewish ' intellectual ' Max Nordau a and book 1892 he called authored Degeneration . .
Ironically ( perhaps or not ) , the the notion of ' degenerate ' and degenerate art ' ' was appropriated by Nazis the and its origins can be back traced to Jewish ' intellectual ' Max Nordau and a book 1892 he authored called Degeneration . .
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization.
Was nordau also co the founder of World the Zionist Organization .
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Organization Zionist .
When the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives.
When the cognitively apparently functional take that actions seem senseless and , incompetent it is a certain most sign they that have ulterior or motives hidden .
The when apparently cognitively take functional actions that seem senseless incompetent and it , is a certain most sign that they have ulterior hidden or motives .
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they "do as they wilt."
They trust you me and to be befuddled their by actions , they while " do they as wilt . "
Trust they and you me to be befuddled by their actions , " while they do wilt as they . "
A question:
Question a :
Question a :
Are the adherent of 'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect 'energy?'
Are the adherent of Crowleyan ' Thelema and ' others similar of ilk appropriating or from appropriating the appropriators to redirect ' ? energy '
Adherent are the of ' Thelema Crowleyan ' others and of ilk appropriating similar or appropriating the from appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '
Does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place?
Does reappropriation this lead to or originate the from same ? place
This does reappropriation lead to originate or from the place same ?
Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the 'imaginary' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon, which is this global system.
Seems as there is a if clear distinction being between made ' the imaginary Whore ' Babalon of and actually the Whore Babylon of , which is this global system .
Seems if there as is a clear distinction being between made the ' imaginary ' Whore of Babalon and Whore the of Babylon actually , which is this . global system
Is the distinction accurate and valid?
Distinction is the accurate and valid ?
Is the distinction and valid accurate ?
Does the distinction actually exist?
Does the distinction actually ? exist
The does distinction actually exist ?
This is where the socio- political aspect of this conundrum comes into play.
This is where socio the aspect - political of this conundrum comes into . play
This is where the socio - political aspect of conundrum comes this into play .
Confused?
? confused
? confused
Good.
. good
. good
so, enemy, what's your point?
, enemy so , ' what s your point ?
, so enemy what , ' your s point ?
Why don't you state it?
Don why ' t state you it ?
Why don ' you t it state ?
My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the answers.
Point my is that these are all just questions I and am undecided as to answers the .
Point my is that these are all just questions I am and as undecided the to answers .
Here's another interesting example:
Here ' s another : interesting example
Here s ' another example interesting :
John Balance from Coil.
John Balance from . Coil
John Balance Coil from .
(Don't wish to use Wikipedia again, it's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information.)
( Don ' wish to t use Wikipedia again , it ' s than just easier spending time up more looking obscure detailed information and . )
( Don t ' wish to Wikipedia use again , it s ' just easier spending than time up looking more obscure and information detailed . )
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Balance
http : / / . en wikipedia . wiki org / / John_Balance
http : / / . en . wikipedia org / wiki John_Balance /
http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html
: http / / www guardian . . co . uk obituaries / / story 0 / 3604 , , , 1371372 00 html .
: http / / . www guardian . co uk . obituaries / / story / 0 3604 , 1371372 , , . 00 html
Balance died in 2004 after a 'fall.'
Died balance 2004 in a after ' fall . '
Balance died in 2004 after a ' . fall '
He blended belief systems such as Shamanism, Christianity, Buddhism, Paganism, Hermeticism and Gnosticism and imbued Coil's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners.
He belief blended such systems as Shamanism , Christianity , Buddhism , Paganism Hermeticism and , and Gnosticism imbued Coil ' s vast output with magickal current a designed to have a functionally transcendent effect listeners on .
Blended he systems belief such as Shamanism , Christianity , Buddhism , Paganism , Hermeticism and imbued Gnosticism and Coil ' s vast with a output magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
Not 200,000 guns - the numbers dont work:
, not 200 000 guns - the dont numbers work :
Not 200 , 000 guns - the dont numbers work :
5kg per gun, 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes, impossible for 4 containers.
Per 5kg , gun 200 , 000 guns means 1000 , tonnes impossible for 4 containers .
Per 5kg gun , 200 000 , guns means 1000 , tonnes impossible containers for 4 .
If the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000.
If load the was 99 tonnes were there probably than less 20 , . 000
If the was load 99 there tonnes were probably less than 20 , 000 .
E@tG:
E @ : tG
E tG @ :
Maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers.
Maybe if you your formulate questions little more a specifically will it help you in acquiring answers the .
Maybe if you your formulate questions little a more specifically will it help you acquiring in answers the .
"I am, therefore I think" :)
I " am , I think therefore " : )
" am I I , therefore think " : )
Reporting from the town where Susan Polk's trial is going on.
Reporting the from town where Susan ' Polk s trial on is going .
Reporting the from town where Susan Polk ' trial s is going on .
I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer's market and music event.
I went the across bay night last to attend a farmer ' market and s music . event
I across went the bay last night to attend a farmer ' and s music market . event
Lo and behold, the Mormons were there with a booth.
Lo and behold , Mormons the there were with booth a .
And behold lo , the Mormons were with there a booth .
Two young men delivering information about the Mormon genealogy program.
Two young men information delivering about genealogy the Mormon program .
Two young men delivering about information Mormon genealogy the program .
Just give your email and/or phone number to these guys and they'll track down your family.
Give just your email / or and phone number these to guys and they ll track ' down your family .
Give just your email and phone / or to number these guys and they ' ll track down your family .
I was amazed at the spiel they delivered.
Was I amazed at the they spiel delivered .
Was I at amazed the spiel they delivered .
Kindly young men, but utterly programmed and brain-dead.
Young kindly , men but utterly programmed and brain - . dead
Kindly young men , but utterly programmed and brain - . dead
I resisted asking any questions that would have required either of them to think.
I resisted any asking questions that have required would either them of to think .
Resisted I asking any questions would have required that either of them to think .
It would have been too painful to watch.
It have been would too painful to watch .
It have would been too to painful watch .
Has anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush?
Has anyone read letter purportedly the from Ahmadinejad to George ? Bush
Has anyone read the letter Ahmadinejad purportedly from George to Bush ?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503
: http / / www . co thetruthseeker . . uk / asp article . ? id = 4503
: http / www / . thetruthseeker co . . / uk article . asp ? id 4503 =
I don't know if this has been verified.
I don ' t know if this been has verified .
I don t ' know has if this been verified .
But succintly making point after succint point, the text of the letter stands on its own merit, regardless.
Making but succintly point after succint , point the text the of stands letter on own its merit , regardless .
Succintly but making after point point succint , the text of the stands letter on own its merit regardless , .
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W's head if he were to actually read the letter, but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter.
Like to I imagine thought the going processes on in W ' s head he if were to actually read the letter , is but it to picture hard him actually reading this . letter
I like imagine to the thought going processes in on W ' s if head he were actually to read the letter , it but hard is to him actually picture this reading letter .
As I read the letter, I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it on!"
As read I letter the , I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality whoever of wrote it vs , . that of the mind of the man who once said " it on Bring ! "
As I the read , letter I the considered vast between contrast mind and of morality wrote whoever it , vs . that of the mind of the man once who said Bring " it on ! "
America, your condition is dire, dark and deep.
America , condition is your dire , dark deep and .
America , your is condition dire dark , deep and .
Of the metal music farce, Ministry has definately made in-road into 'Loose Change"-"Alex Jones" territory with their new record, Rio Grande Blood.
Of the metal music farce , has Ministry definately made in - road Change into ' Loose " - Alex " Jones " with territory their new record , Grande Rio Blood .
Of the music metal farce , Ministry made has definately in - ' road into Loose " Change - " Alex Jones " with territory new their record , Rio Blood Grande .
Important Kos Diary about bush's response to the gathering storm of scandals:
Kos important Diary about bush ' s to response the storm gathering scandals of :
Kos important Diary about bush ' s to response the storm gathering scandals of :
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857
http : / / www . . dailykos story com / / / 2006 5 / 12 / / 857 232746
http : / www / dailykos . . com / / story / 2006 / 5 12 232746 / / 857
=Executive Orders -
= Executive - Orders
Executive = Orders -
very creepy, very scary
Creepy very , very scary
very creepy very , scary
They have been accumulating for years, and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it.
Have they been accumulating for and years , basically give the president to sieze the government he whenever feels like it .
Have they accumulating been for years , and give basically the sieze president to the government whenever he like feels it .
But who would do a thing like that.... hey wait a minute
Who but do would a thing like . that . . . hey wait minute a
Who but would a do thing like that . . . . wait hey minute a
==Why did Bush revoke Executive Order 13011 today?
= = Why did Bush revoke Executive Order today 13011 ?
= Why = did Bush revoke Order 13011 Executive today ?
by exmearden
Exmearden by
Exmearden by
Fri May 12, 2006 at 08:27:46 PM PDT
Fri 12 May , 2006 at 08 27 : 46 : PM PDT
May fri 12 , 2006 at 08 : 27 : PM PDT 46
In scanning the whitehouse.gov site today, I noticed the following Executive Order:
In scanning the whitehouse gov . site today , the I noticed following Order Executive :
Scanning whitehouse in the . gov site today , I noticed the following Order Executive :
Executive Order: Amendments to Executive Orders 11030, 13279, 13339, 13381, and 13389, and ***Revocation*** of Executive Order 13011....
: executive Order to Amendments Executive Orders 11030 13279 , , , 13339 13381 , and 13389 and , * * * Revocation * * * of Executive Order 13011 . . . .
Executive : Order to Executive Amendments , Orders 11030 13279 13339 , , 13381 , 13389 , and and * * Revocation * * * * of Order Executive 13011 . . . .
I can't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI.
I can ' t believe there are serious no fans who metal RI frequent .
I can ' t believe there are serious no metal frequent fans who . RI
I'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup, that's for damn sure. :)
' I wary m of jumping into fray this without backup , that ' sure s for damn . : )
I ' m wary of into jumping this without fray backup that , ' s for damn . sure : )
I'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger won't let me in today...but sign me TroubleFunk.
' I regular m a poster for but some won reason blogger ' t let in me today . . . but sign me TroubleFunk .
I m ' a regular poster for some but reason blogger ' won t let me in today . . . but sign TroubleFunk me .
Tronicus:
: tronicus
: tronicus
Simply, the questions permeate the entire 'Western (Mystery) Tradition' and perhaps 'Eastern' as well, as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality.
Simply , permeate the questions the ' entire Western ( Mystery ) Tradition ' perhaps and Eastern ' ' well as , as they relate to the politics confluence of spirituality and .
Simply , the questions the permeate ' entire Western ( Mystery ) Tradition ' perhaps ' and ' Eastern as well , as they relate to the of confluence and politics spirituality .
For example, is the system of Crowleyan Thelema a failed alchemical process?
Example for , is system the of Crowleyan a Thelema failed process alchemical ?
Example for , is the of system Thelema Crowleyan failed a alchemical process ?
Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation?
Or was supposed it to initially be a process alchemical appropriation of ?
Was or it supposed to initially a process be of alchemical appropriation ?
Similarly, is invoking ancient Egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system?
Similarly , is invoking Egyptian ancient gods and a goddesses reaffirmation of an oppressive hierarchical and system ?
Similarly , invoking ancient is Egyptian gods goddesses and reaffirmation a of an oppressive and system hierarchical ?
In my opinion, people can no longer afford to partition out and compartmentalize personal spiritual and political systems.
In my opinion , people can longer afford no partition to out compartmentalize and personal spiritual and political systems .
My in , opinion people can longer no afford to partition and out compartmentalize personal spiritual and political systems .
The 'high weirdness' and more hardcore political 'factions' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis.
The ' high weirdness ' and more hardcore political ' factions ' integrate must perhaps and arrive at a synthesis .
' the high weirdness ' more hardcore political and ' factions ' must integrate perhaps and arrive a at synthesis .
In regards to death metal, the problem is, once again, a question of education, history and the vacuous lack of perspective in American culture.
Regards in to death metal , is the problem , once again , a question education of , and history the lack of vacuous perspective in culture American .
In regards to metal death , problem the is , once again , a education question of , history the and vacuous lack of perspective in American . culture
Shall we censor the works of poet Charles Baudelaire as well?
Shall censor we the of works poet Baudelaire Charles as well ?
Shall we censor the works of Charles poet as Baudelaire ? well
Baudelaire was perhaps one of the first 'death metal' artists.
Baudelaire was one perhaps of first the ' death ' metal artists .
Baudelaire was perhaps one of the first ' metal death ' artists .
Tronicus, if you're still checking this thread:
Tronicus if , you ' re still this checking : thread
Tronicus , if you ' re still checking thread this :
A bit of a knee-jerk reaction from me there, and I apologize for my over-generalizations.
Bit a a of knee - reaction jerk me from there and I , apologize for my over - generalizations .
A of bit a knee jerk - reaction me from there , and I apologize for my over generalizations - .
My real problem is with literalist fundamentalists, of any religion.
Is my real problem with literalist fundamentalists , of any religion .
Real my problem is with literalist fundamentalists , religion of any .
True believers are dangerous animals.
True believers are animals dangerous .
Believers true are dangerous animals .
I just get hung up on 'Christians', as they're the dominant form where I come from.
Just I get hung up on ' Christians ' , they as ' re the form dominant I where come from .
I just get up hung Christians on ' ' , they as ' the re dominant form where come I from .
Also, I'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now (and, in general, most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses.
Also , I ' m quite clear the on fact that in those now power ( and , in general , anyone most at the top of a power pyrimidal structure ) tend to use dominant the religion as a hide cloak to their true and motivations as a to tool control the masses .
Also , I ' quite m clear on fact the those that in now power and ( , in general , most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal structure power ) tend to use the religion dominant as a cloak to hide their motivations true as and a to tool control the masses .
It boggles the mind that ANYONE can take at face value Bush's claims to be a christian, yet many seem to do just that.
It boggles the mind that can ANYONE at take value face Bush ' s claims to be a christian yet , many seem to do just that .
Boggles it the that mind can take ANYONE at face value Bush ' s to claims be a christian , yet to many seem just do that .
I seem to remember something about 'by their works shall ye know them."
I seem to remember something about ' works by shall their know ye them . "
Seem I to something remember about ' by their works shall ye know them . "
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old 'Rock-N-Roll made them do it' argument.
I do my get hackles bit up a people when the haul out old ' Rock - N - Roll them made do ' it argument .
I get do hackles my up a bit when the people haul out old ' Rock N - - Roll made them do it ' argument .
Whie I don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which I think is patently rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on.
Whie I don ' t subscribe to the that notion the we things or listen watch to have no effect on behavior our ( which think I is patently rediculous ) , it bother does me people when single out specific a group of to people pin the blame on .
I whie don ' t subscribe the to notion that the things we or watch listen to have no effect our on ( behavior which I is think patently rediculous ) , it does me bother people single when out a specific group of people to pin the on blame .
Sub-cultures (as the lable implies) do not develope in a vacuum.
Sub - cultures ( the as lable implies ) do develope not in vacuum . a
Sub - ( cultures as the implies lable ) do not in develope vacuum a .
Again, I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos, and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly.
Again , think I the problem is people who to sink into their far egos own and , begin to take personal their a metaphors bit too literaly .
Again , I think the problem is who people to sink far their own into egos , begin and take to their personal a metaphors too bit literaly .
These people are dangerous wether they're head-banging to 'Canibal Corpse' or humming along to 'Onward Christian Soldiers'.
These people are dangerous they wether ' re head - banging to ' Canibal Corpse humming ' or along ' to Christian Onward Soldiers ' .
These are people dangerous they wether ' head - re banging to ' Corpse Canibal ' or humming along to Onward ' Soldiers Christian ' .
(The mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic....)
( religion The mixing of and is militarism whole a other topic . . . . )
( mixing The of religion militarism and a is whole other topic . . . . )
I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence, forgiveness, and charity, but it's important to remember that Christians (or 'Smartwolves') do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle.
Have I nothing but respect people for who to adhear non - violence , forgiveness and , charity but , it ' s important remember to Christians that ( or ' Smartwolves ' ) do have a not monopoly that on particular lifestyle .
I nothing have but respect people who for adhear to - non violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it ' important s to remember that Christians ( or Smartwolves ' ' ) do not have on a monopoly that particular lifestyle .
Peace.
. peace
. peace
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus.
The fact the that US government media and are having a over hissy fit Venezuela wanting buy to guns , and 200 then 000 , of the guns Chavez wants to go buy on missing their to way Iraq is definitely sus .
Fact the that the US government and are having media a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and 200 then 000 , of the wants guns Chavez to buy missing go their on to way Iraq is definitely sus .
I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two.
I guess those guns will be located Venezuela enroute to or found in storage there by one of the US s ' local stooges they then and have a pretext ramp to the up notch spin a two or .
I those guess guns be will located enroute Venezuela to or found storage in there one by of US the ' s stooges local and they then have a pretext ramp to the up spin notch a or two .
Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e-mail.
Thanks again my friend Nick to Keck passing for this along via e - mail .
Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck passing for along this e via mail - .
It is the text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation.
The it is text of a given speech by an Arab gentleman before the board advisory of a multi large - nation corporation .
It is of the text a speech given by Arab an gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi - nation corporation .
It's a long but very worthwhile read.
It ' s long but very a worthwhile read .
It ' s a but very worthwhile long read .
"A View from the Eye of the Storm"
" A View the from of Eye the " Storm
A " View from the Eye of the Storm "
Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation, April, 2004:
Delivered talk Haim by Harari at a of meeting the Advisory International Board of a multi large - national , corporation April , : 2004
Talk delivered by Harari at Haim meeting of a the Advisory International of Board a large multi - national , corporation April , 2004 :
"As you know, I usually provide the scientific and technological "entertainment" in our meetings, but, on this occasion, our Chairman suggested that I present my own personal view on events in the part of the world from which I come.
" As you know , I provide usually scientific the and technological " entertainment " our in meetings , but , on this occasion , our suggested Chairman I that present own my personal on view events the in part of the world from which I come .
" you As know , I the usually provide scientific and " technological entertainment " our in meetings , but , on this occasion , our suggested Chairman that present I my own personal view on in events part the of the world from I which come .
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information.
I never have been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information .
Have I never been and I will never be a Government official I have and no privileged information .
My perspective is entirely based on what I see, on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years.
Perspective my is based entirely on what I , see on I what read and fact on the that family my has in lived this region for 200 almost years .
My perspective is entirely what based on I see on , I what read and the on that fact family my has lived in region this almost for 200 years .
You may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when you visit a country.
You may regard my views as of those proverbial the taxi driver , which are you supposed question to , when you a visit country .
May you regard my views as those of the proverbial driver taxi , you which are supposed to question , you when a visit country .
I could have shared with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli-Arab conflict.
Could have I with shared you fascinating some facts and some personal thoughts about the - Israeli Arab . conflict
Have I could shared with you fascinating some and facts personal some about thoughts the Israeli - Arab conflict .
However, I will touch upon it only in passing.
I however will , touch upon it only in passing .
However , I upon touch will it only in passing .
I prefer to devote most of my remarks to the broader picture of the region and its place in world events.
I to prefer devote most of remarks my to broader the picture the of region its and in place world events .
I to prefer most devote of my remarks to the picture broader the of its region and place in world events .
I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco, which is predominantly Arab, predominantly Moslem, but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities.
To I refer the entire area between and Morocco Pakistan , is which predominantly Arab , predominantly , Moslem but includes many non - and Arab also significant non minorities - Moslem .
Refer I to entire the area between Pakistan and Morocco , is which Arab predominantly , Moslem predominantly but many , includes non - Arab and also significant non - minorities Moslem .
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood?
Why do I put aside and Israel its own immediate neighborhood ?
Why do I aside put Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?
Because Israel and any problems related to it, in spite of what you might read or hear in the world media, is not the central issue, and has never been the central issue in the upheaval in the region.
Because Israel and any related problems it to , in spite what of you might or read hear in the world media , is the not issue central and , has never central been the issue in the upheaval in the . region
Israel because and any problems to related it , in spite of what you might hear read in or the media world , not is the central issue , and has never been the central issue the in upheaval in the region .
Yes, there is a 100 year-old Israeli-Arab conflict, but it is not where the main show is.
, there yes is a 100 year - old Israeli - conflict Arab , but it is where not main the show is .
Yes , is there a 100 year - old Israeli - conflict Arab , it is but not where the main show . is
The millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel.
The millions died in who the - Iran Iraq war nothing had to do Israel with .
The millions in who the died Iran Iraq - war had nothing do to with Israel .
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan, where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens, has nothing to do with Israel.
Mass the murder right happening now Sudan in , where the Arab Moslem is regime black massacring its citizens Christian has , nothing to do with Israel .
Murder the mass now happening right in Sudan , the where Arab Moslem regime is massacring black its Christian citizens , has nothing to Israel do with .
The frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians have nothing to do with Israel.
Frequent the from reports Algeria about the of murders hundreds civilians of in one village or another by Algerians other have nothing do to with Israel .
Reports the frequent about from Algeria the murders of hundreds of in civilians one village or another by Algerians other nothing have to with do Israel .
Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait, endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of Israel.
Hussein saddam did not invade , Kuwait Saudi endanger Arabia butcher and his own people of because Israel .
Saddam Hussein did not invade endanger Kuwait , Saudi Arabia and his butcher people own because Israel of .
Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel.
Did egypt use not gas poison against Yemen in the 60 ' because of s Israel .
Did egypt poison not use against gas Yemen in the ' 60 s because of Israel .
Assad the Father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in El Hamma in Syria because of Israel.
The assad did Father not kill tens of thousands his of own citizens in one El week in Hamma in Syria because of Israel .
The assad Father did not tens kill of thousands of own his citizens in one week in Hamma El in Syria because Israel of .
The Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there had nothing to do with Israel.
The control Taliban of Afghanistan and the war civil there had nothing to with do Israel .
The Taliban of control and Afghanistan the civil war had there to nothing do with . Israel
The Libyan blowing up of the Pan-Am flight had nothing to do with Israel, and I could go on and on and on.
The Libyan blowing up of Pan the Am - flight had nothing to do with Israel , I and go on and could on and on .
The blowing Libyan up of the - Pan Am flight nothing had to do with Israel , and I could go and on on and on .
The root of the trouble is that this entire Moslem region is totally dysfunctional, by any standard of the word, and would have been so even if Israel had joined the Arab league and an independent Palestine had existed for 100 years.
Root the of the trouble is that entire this Moslem region is totally dysfunctional by , any of standard word the , would and so have been if even Israel had joined the Arab league and an independent Palestine had existed for 100 . years
The of root the trouble is that this entire region Moslem is totally dysfunctional , by any standard of word the , and would been have so if even Israel joined had the Arab league an and Palestine independent had existed for 100 years .
The 22 member countries of the Arab league, from Mauritania to the Gulf States, have a total population of 300 millions, larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion.
The member 22 of countries Arab the league , from Mauritania to the Gulf , States a have population total of 300 millions , than larger and the US almost as large as EU the before its expansion .
The 22 member countries of the Arab league , from Mauritania the to States Gulf , have a total of population 300 , millions the larger US than almost and as large as the EU before its expansion .
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe.
They have a area land than larger either the US of or all Europe .
They have a land area larger than either all the US of or Europe .
These 22 countries, with all their oil and natural resources, have a combined GDP smaller than that of Netherlands plus Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California alone.
22 these countries , all with their oil natural and resources , have combined a smaller GDP than that of plus Netherlands Belgium and equal of half to the GDP California of alone .
22 these countries , with all and their oil natural , have resources a GDP combined smaller than that of Netherlands plus Belgium equal and of to half the of GDP California alone .
Within this meager GDP, the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business, but by being corrupt rulers.
Within this meager GDP , gaps the between rich and beyond poor are belief and many of too the rich made their not money by succeeding in business but , being by corrupt rulers .
Within this GDP meager , the gaps rich between and poor are beyond belief and too many the of rich their made money by not succeeding in , business but by corrupt being . rulers
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago.
Social the of status women is far below what in it was the Western World 150 ago years .
Social the status women of far is below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .
Human rights are below any reasonable standard, in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission.
Rights human are below any standard reasonable , in the spite of grotesque fact Libya was that elected Chair of the UN Human commission Rights .
Human rights are below any standard reasonable , in spite of grotesque the fact that Libya was Chair elected of the UN Human Rights commission .
According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N., the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates.
According to a prepared report by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the the auspices U of N . . , number the books of by translated the Arab entire world is much smaller than what little alone Greece translates .
According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab and intellectuals under published auspices the the of U . N . , the number books of translated by entire Arab world the is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates .
The total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs is less than that of 6 million Israelis.
The total of number publications scientific of 300 Arabs million less is than that of million 6 Israelis .
Total number the of scientific of publications 300 Arabs million is than less that of 6 million Israelis .
Birth rates in the region are very high, increasing the poverty, the social gaps and the cultural decline.
Rates birth in the region very high are , increasing the poverty , the gaps social and the cultural decline .
Rates birth the in region high are very , increasing the poverty , the social and gaps cultural the decline .
And all of this is happening in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world, and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the world.
And all of is this happening a in region , which only 30 years ago , was be believed the to next wealthy part of the world , and in a Moslem area , which developed , at point some in , history the one of most advanced cultures in the . world
All of and this is happening a in region , which only 30 years ago , believed was to be the wealthy next part the of world , and in a area Moslem , developed which , at point some in history , one of the most cultures advanced in the world .
It is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators, terror networks, fanaticism, incitement, suicide murders and general decline.
It fair is say to that this creates an breeding unprecedented cruel ground for dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , , incitement and suicide murders general decline .
It is fair to that say this an creates unprecedented ground breeding dictators for , cruel terror networks , fanaticism , , incitement murders suicide and general decline .
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States, on Israel, on Western Civilization, on Judaism and Christianity, on anyone and anything, except themselves.
Is it a also that fact almost everybody the in region this blames situation on the United States , Israel on , on Western Civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything themselves , except .
It also is fact a everybody that almost in the region blames this on situation the States United , on Israel , on Western , Civilization Judaism on and Christianity on , anyone and , anything except themselves .
A word about the millions of decent, honest, good people who are either devout Moslems or are not very religious but grew up in Moslem families: They are double victims of an outside world, which now develops Islamophobia, and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional.
Word about a millions the decent of honest , , people good are who devout either Moslems or are not very religious but grew in up Moslem families : They are double victims of an outside world , which now develops Islamophobia , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by totally being dysfunctional .
A word about the of millions decent , honest , good people who are either devout Moslems or are not very grew religious but Moslem up in families : They are double victims of an outside world , which now Islamophobia develops , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by totally dysfunctional being .
The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement, but they also do not stand up against it.
Problem the is that the vast silent of majority Moslems these not part are of the and terror incitement the , they but do also not stand up against it .
The problem is the that vast silent majority these of Moslems not are part of terror the the and incitement , but they also do stand not against up it .
They become accomplices, by omission, and this applies to political leaders, intellectuals, business people and many others.
They become , accomplices by omission , this and applies to political leaders , intellectuals , people business and many . others
They accomplices become , by omission , this and applies political to leaders intellectuals , , business many people and others .
Many of them can certainly tell right from wrong, but are afraid to express their views.
Them of many can tell certainly right from wrong , are but afraid to express their views .
Them many of certainly tell can right from wrong , but are to afraid express their views .
The events of the last few years have amplified four issues, which have always existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the region.
The events of last the few have years amplified four issues , have which existed always , but have never been rampant as as the in upheaval present in the region .
Events of the few the last years have amplified issues four , which always have existed , but have as never been rampant as in the upheaval present in the region .
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War, but we are already well into it.
A few more years may pass everybody before acknowledges that is it World War , a but we are already well into it .
Few a years more pass may before everybody acknowledges it that is a War World , but we already are well into . it
These are the four main pillars of the current World Conflict, or perhaps we should already refer to it as "the undeclared World War III":
These are the four main pillars of the World current , Conflict perhaps or should we already refer to it as " the World undeclared III War " :
These are the four main of pillars the World current Conflict , perhaps or we should refer already it to as the " World War undeclared III " :
*1. The first element is the suicide murder.*
* 1 . The element first the is suicide . murder *
* 1 . The first element is suicide the murder . *
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular, if I may use this expression, only lately.
Suicide murders not are new a invention have but they been made , popular if I may this use expression , lately only .
Suicide murders not are a new invention but they have been popular , made if I use may expression this , lately . only
Even after September 11, it seems that most of the Western World does not yet understand this weapon.
Even after September 11 , it seems that of most the Western does World understand yet this not weapon .
After 11 even September , it seems that most of Western the World not does yet this understand weapon .
It is a very potent psychological weapon.
A it is very potent psychological weapon .
It is a very potent psychological weapon .
Its real direct impact is relatively minor.
Real its direct impact relatively is minor .
Real direct its impact is relatively minor .
The total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents.
The total number of casualties hundreds from of suicide murders Israel within in the last three much years smaller is those than to due car . accidents
The total of number casualties hundreds from of suicide within murders Israel the in last three years is smaller much than those to due car accidents .
September 11 was quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquakes
September 11 quantitatively was much less lethal many earthquakes than
September was 11 quantitatively much lethal less many than earthquakes
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya-based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started.
More people die from AIDS in one day in than all Africa the Russians who died the in hands of Chechnya - based Moslem murderers suicide since that conflict . started
People more die in from AIDS day in one Africa than the all who Russians died in the hands Chechnya of - based Moslem suicide murderers since that started conflict .
Saddam killed every month more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the Coalition occupation of Iraq.
Saddam killed more every month people than all those died who from since suicide murders the occupation Coalition of Iraq .
Saddam every killed month more people than all those who died from murders suicide since the occupation Coalition Iraq of .
So what is all the fuss about suicide killings?
So is what all the fuss about suicide killings ?
What so all is the fuss about killings suicide ?
It creates headlines.
Creates it headlines .
Creates it headlines .
It is spectacular.
Is it spectacular .
Is it spectacular .
It is frightening.
It frightening is .
It frightening is .
It is a very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries to many of the wounded.
It is a very cruel death with dismembered bodies and lifelong horrible severe to injuries many of the wounded .
It is very a cruel death bodies with and horrible dismembered severe lifelong injuries to of many the . wounded
It is always shown on television in great detail.
It is always on shown in television great . detail
Is it shown always television on in great detail .
One such murder, with the help of hysterical media coverage, can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while, as it did in Bali and in Turkey.
Such one murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can the destroy tourism industry of for a country a while quite it , as did in Bali and in Turkey .
One murder such , with the of help media hysterical coverage , can the destroy tourism industry of a for country quite a while , as it did Bali in in and . Turkey
But the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer.
But the real comes fear the from undisputed fact that no defense and preventive no can succeed measures against determined a suicide . murderer
But the fear real comes the from that undisputed no fact defense and no preventive can measures succeed against determined a suicide murderer .
This has not yet penetrated the thinking of the Western World.
This has not yet penetrated thinking the of the Western World .
This has not yet penetrated the thinking the of Western World .
The U.S. and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder, not the next one.
U the . S and . Europe are constantly their improving defense against the last murder , not the one next .
The U S . . Europe are and improving their constantly defense against the last murder , the not next one .
We may arrange for the best airport security in the world.
We may arrange for best the airport security in the world .
We may for arrange best the security airport in the world .
But if you want to murder by suicide, you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people.
If but you want by to murder suicide you , not do have to board a plane in to order yourself and explode kill many people .
If want but you to by murder , suicide you do not have board to a plane in order to explode yourself kill and people many .
Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector?
Could who stop a suicide murder in the midst the of crowded waiting line to be by checked the airport metal detector ?
Who stop could a in suicide murder the midst of the crowded waiting line be to by checked the airport metal detector ?
How about the lines to the check-in counters in a busy travel period?
About how the lines the to - check in counters in busy a travel period ?
How about the lines to check the in - counters a in travel busy period ?
Put a metal detector in front of every train station in Spain and the terrorists will get the buses.
Put a metal in detector front of every train station in Spain and the get terrorists will the . buses
A metal put in detector front of train every in station Spain and the terrorists will get the . buses
Protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters, concert halls, supermarkets, shopping malls, schools and hospitals.
Protect buses the and they explode will in movie theaters concert , halls , supermarkets shopping , malls schools , and . hospitals
The protect and buses they will explode in theaters movie , concert , halls supermarkets , shopping malls , schools and hospitals .
Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target, not to speak of killing the guards themselves.
Guards put front in of every concert hall and will there be always a people line of be to checked by the guards and this line will be target the not , to speak of killing the themselves guards .
Put guards in of front every hall concert and there will always be a people line of to be checked by the guards this and line will be the target to , speak not of killing guards themselves the .
You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way.
Can you somewhat reduce your vulnerability preventive by and defensive measures by and border controls strict but not eliminate and it definitely not war win the in a way defensive .
Can you somewhat reduce vulnerability your preventive by defensive and measures by and strict border controls not but it eliminate and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .
And it is a war!
And it is a ! war
And it a is war !
What is behind the suicide murders?
What is suicide behind the murders ?
What is behind murders the suicide ?
Money is, money and power and cold-blooded murderous incitement, nothing else.
Is money money , power and and cold blooded - murderous incitement , nothing else .
Money is and , and money power cold - blooded murderous incitement , nothing else .
It has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs.
It has to nothing do with fanatic true religious . beliefs
It has nothing do to with true fanatic religious beliefs .
No Moslem preacher has ever blown himself up.
No has Moslem preacher ever blown himself up .
No Moslem has preacher blown ever himself up .
No son of an Arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up.
No of son an politician Arab or religious leader has blown ever himself . up
No son of Arab an or politician religious leader has ever blown . himself up
No relative of anyone influential has done it.
No relative of anyone influential has done it .
No of relative anyone influential done has it .
Wouldn't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves, or to talk their sons into doing it, if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor?
Wouldn ' t expect you some of the religious do leaders to it themselves , to talk or their sons doing into , it this truly if is a supreme act of religious fervor ?
Wouldn ' t you expect some the of religious leaders to do it themselves , or talk to sons their it into doing , this if truly is a of supreme act religious ? fervor
Aren't they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven?
' aren t they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven ?
Aren ' t they interested in the benefits going of to Heaven ?
Instead, they send outcast women, naive children, retarded people and young incited hotheads.
Instead , send outcast women they , naive , children retarded people young and incited hotheads .
, instead they outcast send women , naive , children people retarded young and incited hotheads .
They promise them the delights, mostly sexual, of the next world, and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead.
They promise them delights the , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay families their handsomely after the supreme is act performed innocent and enough people are dead .
They promise the them delights , mostly sexual , of next the , and world their pay families after handsomely supreme the act is performed and enough innocent are dead people .
Suicide murders also have nothing to do with poverty and despair.
Murders suicide also have to nothing with do poverty and despair .
Murders suicide also have nothing to do poverty with despair and .
The poorest region in the world, by far, is Africa.
Poorest the in region the world by , far , is Africa .
Poorest the in region the world , far by , is Africa .
It never happens there.
It never happens . there
Never it happens there .
There are numerous desperate people in the world, in different cultures, countries and continents.
There are numerous desperate people in the world in , cultures different , countries continents and .
Are there desperate numerous in people the world , in different cultures , countries and continents .
Desperation does not provide anyone with explosives, reconnaissance and transportation.
Desperation does provide not anyone explosives with , reconnaissance transportation and .
Does desperation provide not anyone with explosives , reconnaissance and . transportation
There was certainly more despair in Saddam's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer's Iraq, and no one exploded himself.
There was certainly more despair in ' Saddam Iraq s in Paul than ' Bremmer Iraq s , and no one himself exploded .
There certainly was in despair more Saddam ' s Iraq than in Paul Bremmer ' s , Iraq one and no exploded himself .
A suicide murder is simply a horrible, vicious weapon of cruel, inhuman, cynical, well-funded terrorists, with no regard to human life, including the life of their fellow countrymen, but with very high regard to their own affluent well-being and their hunger for power.
A suicide murder is a simply horrible , vicious weapon of cruel , inhuman , cynical , - well funded terrorists , with regard no to life human , including the life of their countrymen fellow , but with high very to regard their own well affluent - being and hunger their power for .
A suicide murder is simply a horrible , weapon vicious of , inhuman cruel , cynical , well - terrorists funded , with no regard to human life , including the life of their fellow countrymen , with but very high regard to their own affluent - well being their hunger and for power .
The only way to fight this new "popular" weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas: the offensive way.
Only the way fight to new this " popular weapon " identical is to the only in way which you fight organized crime or pirates the on seas high the offensive : way .
The way fight only to new this " popular " weapon is identical to only in the way which you fight crime organized or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .
Like in the case of organized crime, it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid.
In like case the of organized , crime it is that crucial the forces on the offensive united and be is it crucial to reach top the the of crime pyramid .
Like in the organized case of , crime is it crucial that the forces on the offensive united and be it is crucial reach the to top of the crime . pyramid
You cannot eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug dealer on the street corner.
You cannot organized eliminate by crime arresting the drug little dealer the on street corner .
Cannot you organized eliminate crime by arresting the drug little on dealer the street corner .
You must go after the head of the "Family".
You go must after the head of the " Family " .
You after must go the head of " the Family " .
If part of the public supports it, others tolerate it, many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood, organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism.
If part of the public supports it , tolerate others it , many are afraid of and it some try to explain it by away or poverty by a miserable , childhood will organized thrive crime and so will terrorism .
Part if of public the supports it , others it tolerate , are many of afraid it some and try it to explain away poverty by or by miserable a childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .
The United States understands this now, after September 11.
United the this States understands now , after September 11 .
The understands United States this now , September after 11 .
Russia is beginning to understand it.
Russia is beginning to understand it .
Russia is to beginning it understand .
Turkey understands it well.
Turkey it understands well .
Understands turkey it well .
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it.
I very am much that afraid most of Europe does still understand not it .
I am very much afraid that most of still not Europe does understand . it
Unfortunately, it seems that Europe will understand it only after suicide murders arrive in Europe in a big way.
Unfortunately , it that Europe seems will understand it only after murders suicide arrive Europe in in a big way .
Unfortunately , it seems that Europe will understand it only suicide after arrive murders in Europe in a . big way
In my humble opinion, this will definitely happen.
In my opinion humble , will this definitely . happen
My in humble opinion , will this happen definitely .
The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the beginning.
The spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only beginning the .
Spanish the trains and Istanbul the bombings only are the beginning .
The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable.
The unity the Civilized of World in fighting horror this is indispensable absolutely .
Unity of the Civilized the in World fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable .
Until Europe wakes up, this unity will not be achieved.
Europe until up wakes , unity this will not be achieved .
Until Europe up , wakes unity this will not be achieved .
*2. The second ingredient is words, more precisely lies.*
* 2 . The is ingredient second words , more precisely . lies *
* 2 The . second is ingredient words , lies more precisely . *
Words can be lethal.
Words be can lethal .
Words can be . lethal
They kill people.
Kill they people .
Kill they people .
It is often said that politicians, diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie, as part of their professional life.
It often is said that , politicians diplomats perhaps and also lawyers and people business must sometimes , lie part as of their life professional .
Is often it said that politicians , diplomats and perhaps and also lawyers people business must sometimes lie , part as of their life professional .
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish, in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about.
The but of norms and politics diplomacy are childish , comparison in the with of level incitement and absolute total fabrications deliberate , which have new reached heights in region the we are talking about .
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with level the incitement of and total absolute fabrications deliberate which , have new reached heights in region the are talking we about .
An incredible number of people in the Arab world believe that September 11 never happened, or was an American provocation or, even better, a Jewish plot.
An incredible of number in the people Arab world believe that September 11 happened never , was or an American or provocation , even better , a plot Jewish .
An incredible number of people in the world Arab that believe 11 September never happened , or was American an or provocation even , better , a plot Jewish .
You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information, Mr. Mouhamad Said al-Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad.
You all remember the Iraqi Information Minister of , Mr . Mouhamad Said al - and Sahaf press his when the conferences forces US already were inside Baghdad .
All you the remember Iraqi Minister Information of Mr , Mouhamad . Said al - Sahaf his and press when conferences the US were forces already inside Baghdad .
Disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic.
At time disinformation of war an is accepted tactic .
Disinformation at time war of accepted is an tactic .
But to stand, day after day, and to make such preposterous statements, known to everybody to be lies, without even being ridiculed in your own milieu, can only happen in this region.
To stand but , day after day , and make to preposterous such statements , to known everybody to be lies , even without ridiculed being in own your milieu , can only happen in this region .
But to stand , day day after , and to make preposterous such statements known to , everybody to be lies , without even ridiculed being in own your milieu , can happen only in region this .
Mr. Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester, but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time.
Mr . Sahaf a eventually became popular icon a as jester court , but this did stop not some allegedly respectable from giving newspapers him equal . time
. mr became Sahaf eventually a popular icon as a jester court , but this did stop not some allegedly newspapers respectable giving from equal him time .
It also does not prevent the Western press from giving credence, every day, even now, to similar liars.
Also does it not the Western prevent press from giving , credence every day , even now , to similar . liars
Not it also does prevent the Western press from credence giving , every day , even , now to liars similar .
After all, if you want to be an anti-Semite, there are subtle ways of doing it.
All after if , you want be to an anti - Semite there , are of subtle ways doing it .
All after if , you to want be an anti Semite - , there subtle are ways doing of it .
You do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened, and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed.
You not do to have claim that the holocaust never happened , and the that Jewish temple never in Jerusalem . existed
Do you have not to claim that holocaust the happened never , and the that temple Jewish in Jerusalem never existed .
But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case.
But millions of told Moslems are by their leaders that is this case the .
Millions but of by Moslems are told their leaders that this is the case .
When these same leaders make other statements, the Western media report them as if they could be true.
When same these leaders other make statements , the Western media report them as if could be . they true
These when make same leaders other statements , the Western report media them as if they could be true .
It is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance, arm and dispatch suicide murderers, condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras, talking to a world audience, which even partly believes them.
It is a occurrence daily that the people same who finance and , arm suicide dispatch , murderers condemn the act English in in front of western TV cameras , to talking world a audience , even which partly believes them .
Is it daily a the occurrence that same people who finance , arm and dispatch suicide , murderers condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras , a talking to world audience , which partly even believes them .
It is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in English to the rest of the world.
Is it daily a hear routine to the same leader making opposite statements Arabic in to his people and in English to the of rest the world .
It is a routine daily to hear the same making leader opposite statements in Arabic his to and people English to in rest the the of world .
Incitement by Arab TV, accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies, has become a powerful weapon of those who lie, distort and want to destroy everything.
Incitement by TV Arab , accompanied horror by of pictures mutilated bodies , has powerful become a weapon of those who lie , and want to distort everything destroy .
Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by pictures of horror mutilated bodies has , a become weapon powerful of lie those who , distort want and destroy to everything .
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so-called martyrs, and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows.
Little are children raised hatred on deep on and admiration so of - called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice because it its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .
Raised little are children on hatred deep on and admiration so of - martyrs called , and the Western World not does notice it because its own TV are sets mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .
I recommend to you, even though most of you do not understand Arabic, to watch Al Jazeera, from time to time.
Recommend to I you , though even most of do you not understand , Arabic to watch Al Jazeera , from time to time .
I recommend to you , though even of most do you not Arabic understand , watch to Al Jazeera from , to time time .
You will not believe your own eyes.
You not will believe own your eyes .
You not believe will your own eyes .
But words also work in other ways, more subtle.
But words also in work ways other , more . subtle
But also words in work other ways , subtle more .
A demonstration in Berlin, carrying banners supporting Saddam's regime and featuring three-year old babies dressed as suicide murderers, is defined by the press and by political leaders as a "peace demonstration".
A demonstration , in Berlin carrying banners supporting Saddam ' s regime featuring and three - year old dressed babies as suicide murderers , is defined press the by and by political leaders as a " demonstration peace " .
Demonstration a in Berlin , carrying banners supporting ' Saddam and s regime three featuring year - old babies dressed as suicide murderers , is defined by press the by and political leaders as a " peace demonstration " .
You may support or oppose the Iraq war, but to refer to fans of Saddam, Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much.
May you support or the oppose Iraq war , to refer but to fans of Saddam , Arafat or Bin Laden activists as peace a is bit too much .
May you support or oppose Iraq the war , but to to refer fans of , Saddam Arafat or Bin as Laden peace is activists a bit too . much
A woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day, eats, observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill.
A woman walks into an restaurant Israeli mid in - day , eats , observes families with people old children and eating their lunch in adjacent the tables and pays the bill .
A woman walks an into in Israeli mid restaurant - day eats , , observes old families with people children and eating their in lunch the adjacent tables and pays the bill .
She then blows herself up, killing 20 people, including many children, with heads and arms rolling around in the restaurant.
Then she blows herself up killing , people 20 , children including many , with and heads arms rolling in around the restaurant .
She herself then blows up , killing 20 people , including many children , heads and with arms around in rolling the . restaurant
She is called "martyr" by several Arab leaders and "activist" by the European press.
Is she called " martyr " several by Arab and leaders " " activist by European the press .
She " is called martyr by " several Arab leaders and " activist " by the . European press
Dignitaries condemn the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows.
Condemn dignitaries act the but her bereaved visit family and the money flows .
Condemn dignitaries act the visit but bereaved her family and the money flows .
There is a new game in town: The actual murderer is called "the military wing", the one who pays him, equips him and sends him is now called "the political wing" and the head of the operation is called the "spiritual leader".
There is a new town game in : The murderer actual is called " military the wing " the , one him who pays , equips and him sends him is now called " the political wing " and head the of the operation is the called " spiritual leader " .
There is a new game in : town The actual murderer is called " military the wing " , the one who pays him , equips him sends and him is now called " the political wing " and of the the head operation is called the " spiritual leader " .
There are numerous other examples of such Orwellian nomenclature, used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by Western media.
There numerous are other examples of such Orwellian nomenclature , used every not day only by terror chiefs but also by media Western .
Are there numerous other such examples of Orwellian nomenclature , every used day not only by terror chiefs but also by media Western .
These words are much more dangerous than many people realize.
These words are more much than dangerous many realize people .
These words much are more than dangerous people many realize .
They provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities.
They provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities .
They emotional provide an infrastructure for atrocities .
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough, people will believe it.
Was it Joseph Goebbels who that said you if a repeat lie often enough people will , believe it .
It was Joseph who Goebbels that said if repeat you lie a often enough , will people believe . it
He is now being outperformed by his successors.
He is now being by outperformed successors his .
Is he now being outperformed his by successors .
*3. The third aspect is money.*
* . 3 third The is aspect money . *
* 3 The . third aspect is money . *
Huge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world, are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder.
Money huge amounts of , which could have many solved social problems this in dysfunctional part of the world , channeled into are three spheres concentric supporting and death murder .
Huge of amounts money , could which have solved many social problems this in dysfunctional part of the , world channeled are into concentric three spheres supporting death murder and .
In the inner circle are the terrorists themselves.
In inner the circle are the themselves terrorists .
The in inner circle are terrorists the themselves .
The money funds their travel, explosives, hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets.
The travel money funds their explosives , , hideouts permanent and search for soft vulnerable targets .
Money the funds their travel explosives , , hideouts permanent and search soft for targets vulnerable .
The inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like Iran and Syria, until recently also by Iraq and Libya and earlier also by some of the Communist regimes.
The inner circles primarily are financed by states terrorist and like Iran Syria , until recently also Iraq by and and Libya earlier also by some of the regimes Communist .
The inner circles are primarily financed by states terrorist like Iran and Syria , until recently also by Iraq and Libya and earlier also by some the of regimes Communist .
These states, as well as the Palestinian Authority, are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors.
These states , as well as the Palestinian , Authority the are safe of havens wholesale the murder vendors .
States these , as well as Palestinian Authority the , are safe the havens of wholesale murder the vendors .
They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructure.
Are they surrounded by a second wider of direct circle supporters , planners , commanders , , preachers all of whom make a living , very usually a living comfortable , serving by as terror infrastructure .
They are surrounded by wider a second of circle supporters direct , planners , commanders , , preachers of all whom make a living , very usually living a comfortable , by serving as terror infrastructure .
Finally, we find the third circle of so-called religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do some good, feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new generation with hatred, lies and ignorance.
Finally , find we the circle third of so - called , religious educational and welfare organizations , which actually do some good , feed the hungry and provide some , but schooling brainwash a new with generation hatred , lies and ignorance .
Finally , find we the third circle of so - called religious and , educational welfare organizations , do which actually some good , feed the hungry and schooling some provide , but brainwash a generation new with hatred , and lies ignorance .
This circle operates mostly through mosques, madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media.
This operates circle mostly mosques through , madrasas and other religious but establishments also electronic through inciting and printed . media
This operates circle through mostly mosques , madrasas and other establishments religious also but through electronic inciting and printed . media
It is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior, that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal.
Is it this circle that makes sure women remain that inferior , that democracy is and unthinkable that the exposure to outside world minimal is .
It is this circle that sure makes that remain inferior women , that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to world the outside is minimal .
It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the Moslem world, for the miseries of the region.
It also is that circle that leads way the in everybody blaming outside Moslem the world , for the of miseries the region .
It is also that circle that leads way in the everybody blaming outside the world Moslem , for the miseries of region the .
The outer circle is largely financed by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations organizations, whose goals may be noble, but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle.
The outer circle is largely financed by Saudi Arabia , but also by from donations certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations European of Governments to various NGO ' and s by certain United Nations organizations , whose may goals be noble , but are they infested and by exploited agents of the outer circle .
The outer circle is largely financed by Saudi Arabia , also but donations by certain from communities Moslem in the United States and Europe and , a to smaller extent , donations by of European Governments to NGO various ' s and by certain Nations United organizations whose , goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the circle outer .
The Saudi regime, of course, will be the next victim of major terror, when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle.
The Saudi regime of course , , will the be next of victim major terror , the inner circle when will explode into the circle outer .
Saudi the regime of , course , will be the victim next of major terror , the when inner will circle explode outer into the . circle
The Saudis are beginning to understand it, but they fight the inner circles, while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle.
The saudis beginning are to understand it , but they fight inner the circles , while financing still the at infrastructure the circle outer .
Saudis the are beginning understand it to , but they fight the inner circles while , the still financing at infrastructure the outer circle .
Figuratively speaking, this outer circle is the guardian, which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement, rather than to the world outside.
Figuratively speaking , this outer is circle the guardian , which makes sure that people look the and inwards listen to the circle inner of incitement terror and , than rather the to world . outside
Figuratively , speaking this outer circle is the , guardian which makes sure that people the look and inwards listen to the circle inner terror of and incitement , than rather to the outside world .
Some parts of this same outer circle actually operate as a result of fear from, or blackmail by, the inner circles.
Parts some of this outer same circle operate as actually a result of from fear or , blackmail by , the inner . circles
Parts some this of same outer actually circle operate as of a result fear from , blackmail or , by the inner circles .
The horrifying added factor is the high birth rate.
The added factor horrifying is the high rate birth .
The added is horrifying factor the high birth rate .
Half of the population of the Arab world is under the age of 20, the most receptive age to incitement, guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred.
The half of of population the world Arab is under the age 20 of , the most receptive to age incitement , two guaranteeing more generations of blind hatred .
Half the of population of the Arab world is under age the of 20 , the age most receptive to incitement , more guaranteeing two of generations blind hatred .
Some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot.
Some the of of leaders these various circles live very comfortably on their loot .
Some of the of leaders these circles live various very comfortably their on loot .
You meet their children in the best private schools in Europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers.
Meet you their children in best the private in schools Europe , not in training the of camps suicide . murderers
You meet their in children the best schools private in Europe , not the in of training suicide camps murderers .
The Jihad "soldiers" join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots, while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland.
Jihad the " soldiers " join death packaged tours Iraq to and other , hotspots some while their of leaders in ski Switzerland .
Jihad the " soldiers " join packaged death to tours other Iraq hotspots and , some while of their leaders ski in . Switzerland
Mrs. Arafat, who lives in Paris with her daughter, receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority, while a typical local ringleader of the Al-Aksa brigade, reporting to Arafat, receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars, for performing murders at the retail level.
. mrs Arafat who , lives in Paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars month per from bankrupt the Palestinian allegedly Authority , while a typical local ringleader of the Al - Aksa brigade , reporting to Arafat , receives a only cash payment of a couple of hundred , dollars for murders performing at retail the level .
Mrs . Arafat , who in lives Paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month the from allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority , while a local typical ringleader the of Al - Aksa brigade , to reporting Arafat , receives a only cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars for , performing murders the at retail level .
*4. The fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws.*
4 * . The element fourth of the current conflict world the is total breaking all of . laws *
* 4 . fourth The of element the current world conflict the is breaking of total laws all . *
The civilized world believes in democracy, the rule of law, including international law, human rights, free speech and free press, among other liberties.
World the civilized believes in democracy , the of rule law , including international law , rights human , free speech free and , press other among . liberties
The world believes civilized in democracy , rule of the law , international including law human , rights free , speech and press free , among other liberties .
There are naive old-fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols, not using ambulances and hospitals for acts of war, avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies and not using children as human shields or human bombs.
There are naive old - fashioned such as habits religious respecting sites and symbols , using not ambulances hospitals and for of acts war , mutilation avoiding the of dead bodies and children not using as human shields or human bombs .
There are naive old fashioned - habits as respecting such sites religious and symbols , not ambulances using and hospitals for of acts war , avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies not using and children as human shields or human bombs .
Never in history, not even in the Nazi period, was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now.
Never history in not , even in Nazi the period , was there such total disregard of of the all above as observe now we .
In never history , even not in Nazi the period was , there total such of disregard all of the as above we observe now .
Every student of political science debates how you prevent an anti-democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing democracy.
Every student political of science debates how prevent you anti an - democratic force a from winning democratic election abolishing and democracy .
Every of student political debates science how prevent you an anti force - democratic from winning a democratic election and abolishing . democracy
Other aspects of a civilized society must also have limitations.
Other aspects of a civilized society must have also limitations .
Aspects other of a civilized society must also have limitations .
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him?
A can policeman open fire someone on trying to him kill ?
Can a policeman open on fire trying someone to him kill ?
Can a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers?
A can government listen to phone of conversations terrorists drug and dealers ?
Can government a listen phone to conversations of and terrorists drug dealers ?
Does free speech protect you when you shout "fire" in a crowded theater?
Does speech free protect you you when shout " fire in " crowded a theater ?
Does free speech protect you you when " shout fire " a in crowded ? theater
Should there be death penalty, for deliberate multiple murders?
Should there be death , penalty for deliberate multiple murders ?
Should be there death , penalty for multiple deliberate murders ?
These are the old-fashioned dilemmas.
Are these the old fashioned - dilemmas .
Are these the old - dilemmas fashioned .
But now we have an entire new set.
But now we have an entire new set .
But now we have entire an set new .
Do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage?
Do you raid a , mosque which serves a as ammunition terrorist ? storage
Do you raid a mosque , which as serves a terrorist storage ammunition ?
Do you return fire, if you are attacked from a hospital?
Do you return fire , you if are attacked hospital from a ?
You do fire return if , you are attacked from a hospital ?
Do you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages?
Do storm you church taken a over by terrorists who took priests the hostages ?
Do storm you a church taken by over terrorists who the priests took hostages ?
Do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets?
You do search ambulance every after a few suicide use murderers ambulances to reach their targets ?
You do search every after ambulance a suicide few use murderers ambulances to reach targets their ?
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly?
You do strip every woman because pretended one to pregnant be carried and suicide a bomb on her ? belly
Do strip every you woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly ?
Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of children?
Do you back shoot someone at to trying kill you , standing deliberately a group behind of children ?
Do you at shoot back trying someone kill to you , standing deliberately a behind group of children ?
Do you raid terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospital?
You do raid headquarters terrorist , in hidden a mental hospital ?
You raid do terrorist headquarters , hidden in mental a hospital ?
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children?
You do shoot an - arch murderer deliberately who moves from to one location another , surrounded always by children ?
Do you shoot an arch - murderer deliberately from who moves one to location another , always surrounded by children ?
All of these happen daily in Iraq and in the Palestinian areas.
All of these happen in daily Iraq and in the Palestinian areas .
Of these all happen daily in Iraq in and the Palestinian areas .
What do you do?
Do what you do ?
Do what you do ?
Well, you do not want to face the dilemma.
, well do you not want face to the dilemma .
, well you want do not to face the dilemma .
But it cannot be avoided.
It but cannot be avoided .
It but cannot be avoided .
Suppose, for the sake of discussion, that someone would openly stay in a well-known address in Teheran, hosted by the Iranian Government and financed by it, executing one atrocity after another in Spain or in France, killing hundreds of innocent people, accepting responsibility for the crimes, promising in public TV interviews to do more of the same, while the Government of Iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him, invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary.
Suppose , for the sake of discussion , someone that would openly stay in a well known - address in Teheran , hosted by the Iranian Government and financed by it , executing one after atrocity another in Spain or in France killing , hundreds innocent of people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public TV to interviews do more of the same , while the Government of Iran issues public of condemnations his acts but continues to him host , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .
Suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known in address Teheran , hosted by the Iranian Government and financed it by , executing one atrocity after another in Spain or in , France killing hundreds innocent of people accepting , responsibility the for crimes , promising in public interviews TV to do more of the same , while the Government of Iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as great a dignitary .
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done, in such a situation.
I leave you it to as homework figure to out what Spain or would France have done , in such a situation .
I leave it to as you homework to figure out Spain what or France have would done , in such situation a .
The problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment.
Problem the is the that civilized world is still having illusions about the of rule law a in environment totally lawless .
The is problem the that civilized is world still having about illusions the rule of law in lawless a totally environment .
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice-skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player.
Is it trying to play hockey ice by a sending ballerina ice - skater into ring the knock or to out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .
It is trying to play by ice hockey sending a ballerina ice - skater the into ring or to knock out heavyweight a boxer by a chess player .
In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable, international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals, mosques and ambulances, while being protected by their Government or society.
In the way same that country no a has law against cannibals eating its minister prime , because such an is act unthinkable , law international does not address killers from shooting hospitals , and mosques while ambulances , being protected by their Government or society .
In same the that no way has country a law against cannibals its eating prime minister , because such an act unthinkable is , international law does not address killers from shooting hospitals , mosques ambulances and , while being protected by their Government or society .
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones, stands behind them and shoots with immunity and cannot be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government.
Law international not does how know to handle someone sends who throw children to stones , stands behind them and shoots immunity with and cannot be because arrested he is by sheltered a . Government
Does international law not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones stands , behind them with and shoots and immunity cannot be because arrested he is sheltered a by Government .
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country, which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him.
International does law know not to how with deal a leader of is murderers who and royally comfortably hosted by , a country which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too to weak arrest him .
International law does not how know to deal with a leader murderers of is who royally comfortably and hosted a country by , pretends which condemn to his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law, and define all those who attack them as "war criminals," with some Western media repeating the allegations.
Amazing the is thing that all these of crooks protection demand under international law , and define all who attack those them as " criminals war , " with some Western repeating media the allegations .
The amazing is thing all that these of demand crooks under protection international law , and define those who all attack them as " criminals war , with " some media Western repeating the allegations .
The good news is that all of this is temporary, because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality.
Good the is news all that of this is , temporary because the evolution of law international always has itself adapted to reality .
The good is news that all this of is temporary , the because evolution of international has law always itself adapted to reality .
The punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder, not during and not after.
The punishment suicide for murder should be death or arrest murder before the not , and during not . after
Punishment the for suicide should murder death be or arrest before the , murder during not not and after .
After every world war, the rules of international law have changed, and the same will happen after the present one.
After world every , war the of rules international law have , changed and the will same happen after the present . one
Every after world war , the rules international have of law , changed the and same will happen after the present one .
But during the twilight zone, a lot of harm can be done.
But during the twilight zone , a of lot harm can done be .
During but twilight the zone , a lot of harm be can . done
The picture I described here is not pretty.
The I picture described here is pretty not .
The I picture described here not is pretty .
What can we do about it?
What we can about do it ?
What we can about do it ?
In the short run, only fight and win.
The short in run , only and fight win .
In the run short , fight only win and .
In the long run, only educate the next generation and open it to the world.
In run the long only , educate next the and generation open it to the world .
In the run long , only educate the generation next and it open the to . world
The inner circles can and must be destroyed by force.
Inner the can circles must and be destroyed by force .
Inner the circles can must and be by destroyed force .
The outer circle cannot be eliminated by force.
Outer the cannot circle be eliminated by force .
The outer cannot circle eliminated be by force .
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women, more education, counter-propaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media, internet and the international scene.
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite more , women power to , more education , counter - , propaganda whenever boycott feasible and access to media Western , internet and scene the international .
Here we need financial of starvation the organizing elite , more to power women , education more counter , - propaganda , boycott feasible whenever to and media access Western , internet the and international scene .
Above all, we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil.
Above all , we need total absolute a unity determination and of civilized the world against all of three circles evil .
Above all , we a need absolute total unity determination and of the civilized world against all circles of evil three .
Allow me, for a moment, to depart from my alleged role as a taxi driver and return to science.
Allow , me for moment a , depart to my from alleged role as a taxi driver and to return . science
Me , allow for a moment , depart to from alleged my role a as taxi driver return and to science .
When you have a malignant tumor, you may remove the tumor itself surgically.
You when have malignant a tumor , you remove may the tumor itself . surgically
When a you have malignant tumor , you may the remove tumor itself . surgically
You may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body, thereby preventing new "supplies" from expanding the tumor.
You may also starve it preventing by new blood reaching it from other from of parts the body , preventing new thereby " supplies from " expanding tumor the .
You also may starve by it new preventing blood reaching from it other from of parts the body thereby , new preventing " supplies from " expanding the tumor .
If you want to be sure, it is best to do both.
You if to want be sure , it is to best both do .
If you want to be , sure it is to best do both .
But before you fight and win, by force or otherwise, you have to realize that you are in a war, and this may take Europe a few more years.
But before fight and you win , by force otherwise or , you to realize have that are you a in war and , this take may Europe a few more years .
Before but you fight win and , by force or otherwise , to you have realize are that you in a , war and this may take Europe few more a years .
In order to win, it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes, so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people.
In order win to , it is to necessary first eliminate the regimes terrorist so , that no Government in world the will as serve a safe for haven these people .
In order win to , is it necessary eliminate to first the regimes terrorist , so that no Government in the world serve will as safe a for these haven people .
I do not want to comment here on whether the American-led attack on Iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument, but I can look at the post-war map of Western Asia.
I do want not to comment here on whether the American - led attack on Iraq was justified from the point of of view of weapons destruction mass or any pre other - war argument , but can look I the at post - war map of Western Asia .
I do want not to comment here whether on American the - led attack on Iraq justified was from the point of view of weapons of destruction mass or any pre other - argument war , but I can look at the post war - map Western Asia of .
Now that Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya are out, two and a half terrorist states remain: Iran, Syria and Lebanon, the latter being a Syrian colony.
Now that Afghanistan , and Iraq out Libya are two , a and half states terrorist remain : Iran , and Syria Lebanon , the latter being a Syrian colony .
Now that Afghanistan , Iraq Libya and out are , two and half a terrorist remain states : Iran , and Syria Lebanon , the latter being a Syrian colony .
Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list.
Perhaps should Sudan be to added the list .
Perhaps Sudan should added be to the . list
As a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq, both Iran and Syria are now totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them.
As result a of the conquest of and Iraq Afghanistan , both Iran and are Syria totally now surrounded by territories to unfriendly . them
A as result of conquest the Afghanistan of and , Iraq both Iran and are Syria now totally surrounded by unfriendly territories them to .
Iran is encircled by Afghanistan, by the Gulf States, Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union.
Iran encircled is by Afghanistan , the by Gulf States Iraq , and Moslem the republics of the Soviet former . Union
Iran encircled is by Afghanistan , by the Gulf States , Iraq the and Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union .
Syria is surrounded by Turkey, Iraq, Jordan and Israel.
Is syria surrounded by Turkey , , Iraq Jordan and . Israel
Syria is surrounded Turkey by , Iraq Jordan , and . Israel
This is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries.
Is this a change significant strategic and it applies pressure strong on the terrorist countries .
Is this a significant change strategic applies and it strong pressure on the terrorist countries .
It is not surprising that Iran is so active in trying to incite a Shiite uprising in Iraq.
Is not it surprising that Iran so is in active trying to incite a Shiite in uprising Iraq .
It is not surprising that is so Iran active in trying to incite Shiite a in uprising . Iraq
I do not know if the American plan was actually to encircle both Iran and Syria, but that is the resulting situation.
I not do know American if the plan was to actually encircle Iran both and , Syria but that is resulting the situation .
I know do not the American if plan was actually to both encircle Iran and Syria , but is that the resulting . situation
In my humble opinion, the number one danger to the world today is Iran and its regime.
My in humble opinion , the one number to danger world the today Iran is and its regime .
My in humble opinion , the number one to danger world the today is Iran regime and its .
It definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions.
Definitely has it ambitions to rule vast areas and expand to all in directions .
It definitely to has ambitions rule vast areas and expand to all in directions .
It has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culture.
It has an ideology claims which over supremacy culture Western .
It an has ideology claims supremacy which over Western culture .
It is ruthless.
It ruthless is .
It ruthless is .
It has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist acts without leaving too many traces, using Iranian Embassies.
It proven has that it can elaborate terrorist execute acts leaving without too many traces using Iranian , Embassies .
It has it proven that can elaborate execute acts terrorist leaving without many too traces , using Iranian Embassies .
It is clearly trying to develop nuclear weapons.
It is trying clearly to develop weapons nuclear .
It is clearly trying to develop nuclear weapons .
Its so-called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso version of the "good-cop versus bad-cop" game.
Its so - moderates called and play conservatives their virtuoso own of version " the - good cop versus bad cop - " game .
Its so - called moderates play and conservatives their own virtuoso the version of " good cop - bad versus cop - " game .
Iran sponsors Syrian terrorism, it is certainly behind much of the action in Iraq, it is fully funding the Hezbollah and, through it, the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic Jihad; it performed acts of terror at least in Europe and in South America and probably also in Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium, which includes, as minor players, Syria, Lebanon and certain Shiite elements in Iraq.
Syrian iran sponsors terrorism , is certainly it behind much the of action in Iraq , it is fully funding the Hezbollah and , through it , the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic Jihad ; performed it acts of terror at least in Europe and South in America and probably also in Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly leads a multi - terror national consortium , which includes , as minor players , Syria Lebanon , and certain Shiite elements Iraq in .
Iran sponsors Syrian terrorism , it is certainly behind much the of action in Iraq , it is funding fully the Hezbollah and through , it , the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic it Jihad ; performed acts of terror at least in and Europe in America South and probably also in Uzbekistan Saudi and Arabia it and truly leads a multi - national terror consortium , which includes , as minor players , Syria , Lebanon and certain Shiite in elements Iraq .
Nevertheless, most European countries still trade with Iran, try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals.
Nevertheless most , European countries trade still with Iran , try appease to and it to refuse the read clear signals .
Nevertheless , most European countries still with trade Iran , try to appease and it to refuse read the signals clear .
In order to win the war it is also necessary to dry the financial resources of the terror conglomerate.
In order win to the war it is also necessary to dry the resources financial of the terror conglomerate .
Order in the to win war it is also to dry necessary the financial of resources the terror conglomerate .
It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah, Sadr and other Iranian-inspired enterprises.
Is it try to pointless to understand the subtle differences Sunni between the of terror Al Qaeda and Hamas the and Shiite terror of Hezbollah , Sadr and other Iranian - inspired enterprises .
It pointless is to to try understand subtle the differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda Hamas and the and Shiite terror Hezbollah , of Sadr and Iranian other - inspired enterprises .
When it serves their business needs, all of them collaborate beautifully.
It when serves their business needs , all of them collaborate beautifully .
When serves it their business needs all of , them collaborate beautifully .
It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle, which is the fertile breeding ground of terror.
It is crucial Saudi to stop and other financial support of the outer circle , which is breeding fertile the ground of terror .
Is it crucial to stop and Saudi financial support other the of outer circle , which the is breeding fertile ground of terror .
It is important to monitor all donations from the Western World to Islamic organizations, to monitor the finances of international relief organizations and to react with forceful economic measures to any small sign of financial aid to any of the three circles of terrorism.
It is to important monitor all donations from Western the World to Islamic organizations , to monitor the finances international of relief organizations to and react with forceful economic to measures any small sign of financial to any aid of circles the three terrorism of .
Is it important to monitor all from donations the Western World to organizations Islamic , to finances monitor of the international relief organizations and to react with economic forceful measures to small any sign of financial aid to any of the of three circles terrorism .
It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety, financial interests or ignorance.
Is also it important to act against decisively the campaign of and lies fabrications and to monitor those Western media collaborate who with it out naivety of , financial or interests ignorance .
Is it also important to act the decisively against campaign of lies and fabrications to and those monitor Western who media collaborate with out of it naivety , interests financial or ignorance .
Above all, never surrender to terror.
All above , never surrender terror to .
All above , surrender never to terror .
No one will ever know whether the recent elections in Spain would have yielded a different result, if not for the train bombings a few days earlier.
One ever no will know the whether recent elections in Spain would have yielded result a different , if not for the bombings train a few earlier days .
No ever one will know the whether recent in elections would Spain have yielded a different result , if not for the bombings train a days earlier few .
But it really does not matter.
Really but it does not matter .
But it really not does . matter
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq.
Matters what that is the terrorists believe that they the caused result and that won they by Spain driving out Iraq of .
What matters is the that terrorists that believe they the caused result and that they won Spain by driving out Iraq of .
The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries, including France, who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq.
The Spanish will story end surely up extremely being costly to other European countries , including France , is who expelling now inciting and forbidding preachers veils and sent including others who troops to Iraq .
Spanish the will story surely end up being costly extremely to other , European countries France including , who is now expelling inciting preachers and veils forbidding and including others who sent Iraq to troops .
In the long run, Spain itself will pay even more.
The in long , run itself Spain will pay even more .
The in long , run itself Spain will pay even more .
Is the solution a democratic Arab world?
Is the a solution democratic world Arab ?
Is the solution a democratic Arab world ?
If by democracy we mean free elections but also free press, free speech, a functioning judicial system, civil liberties, equality to women, free international travel, exposure to international media and ideas, laws against racial incitement and against defamation, and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals, places of worship and children, then yes, democracy is the solution.
If by we mean democracy free elections but also press free , free speech , a functioning judicial system , civil , liberties equality women to free , international travel , exposure to international media and ideas , laws against racial against incitement and defamation , and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals , places of worship and children then , yes , democracy is solution the .
If by democracy mean free we elections but also free press , free speech , a functioning judicial system , civil liberties equality , to , women free international travel , exposure to media international and ideas , against laws racial incitement against and , defamation and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals , of places worship children and , then yes , democracy is the solution .
If democracy is just free elections, it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected, the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory.
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely most that the regime will fanatic be the elected , one whose incitement and fabrications inflammatory are the most .
If is democracy just free elections , it likely is that the most will fanatic regime elected be , the one whose incitement fabrications and the are most inflammatory .
We have seen it already in Algeria and, to a certain extent, in Turkey.
We have seen it in already and Algeria to , a extent certain in , Turkey .
We have seen in it already Algeria , and to a certain extent , in Turkey .
It will happen again, if the ground is not prepared very carefully.
Will it again happen , if the is ground not very prepared carefully .
Happen it again will , if the ground is not very prepared carefully .
On the other hand, a certain transition democracy, as in Jordan, may be a better temporary solution, paving the way for the real thing, perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would not have worked in China.
On the hand other , a certain transition democracy , as Jordan in may , better be temporary a solution , paving the way for the real thing , perhaps in the same that way an immediate democracy did sudden not work in Russia and would not have worked in . China
On other the hand , a certain transition , democracy as in Jordan , may be a better temporary solution , paving the for way the real thing , perhaps in the same way that an immediate did sudden democracy not work in Russia not and would worked have in China .
I have no doubt that the civilized world will prevail.
Have I doubt no the that civilized world will prevail .
I doubt have no that civilized the world will prevail .
But the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape of this war, the more costly and painful the victory will be.
But the longer it takes us to understand the new of landscape this , war more the the costly and painful victory be will .
But the it longer takes to us understand the new landscape of this the war , more and costly painful the victory will be .
Europe, more than any other region, is the key.
Europe , more any than other region , is the key .
Europe , more than any region other , is the key .
Its understandable recoil from wars, following the horrors of World War II, may cost thousands of additional innocent lives, before the tide will turn."
Its understandable from recoil , wars following the horrors of World War II , may cost thousands of innocent additional , lives before the tide will turn . "
Its understandable recoil wars from , following horrors the World of War II may , of cost thousands innocent additional lives , before tide the will turn . "
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest.
Was zawahiri associated with a faction of the Jihad Egyptian Islamic known the as Vanguards Conquest of .
Zawahiri was associated with a of faction the Islamic Egyptian known Jihad as the Vanguards of Conquest .
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders.
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest seeking were to recreate ' s Mohammed taking of mecca a small by through band attacks violent Egyptian on leaders .
Zawahiri and Vanguards the Conquest of were to seeking recreate Mohammed ' s of taking mecca by a band through small violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .
By 1998, Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime.
By 1998 , Zawahiri had that determined Egyptian the Islamic Jihad should focus on struggle its against United the States and off hold on attacks further the against Egyptian regime .
By 1998 Zawahiri , had determined the that Egyptian Islamic Jihad focus should on struggle its against United the States hold and off on further attacks the regime against Egyptian .
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980.
A key question is how they the acquired anthrax strain first isolated the by Medical Texas Veterinary Lab Diagnostic 1980 in .
A question key is how they acquired the anthrax strain isolated first by the Veterinary Texas Medical Diagnostic in Lab 1980 .
According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it.
According senior to counter terrorism officials , here both and abroad among , the of supporters these militant islamists were people blended who society into and available were to another act when part the of network requested it .
According to senior terrorism counter officials , both and here abroad , among supporters the of these islamists militant people were who blended society into and available were act when to part another of the network requested it .
Al Qaeda, Anthrax and Ayman: Means, Motive, Modus Operandi and Opportunity
Al Qaeda Anthrax , and Ayman Means : , Motive Modus , and Operandi Opportunity
Al Anthrax Qaeda , and Ayman : Means Motive , , Modus Operandi Opportunity and
Homeland Security
Security homeland
Security homeland
In early June 2003, a Central Intelligence Agency ("CIA") report publicly disclosed that the reason for Mohammed Atta's and Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax.
Early in June 2003 , a Central Intelligence ( Agency CIA " " ) report publicly the disclosed that reason for Mohammed Atta ' s and Zacarias Moussaoui ' s into inquiries was cropdusters for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents as such anthrax .
Early in June 2003 , a Intelligence Central ( Agency " CIA " ) report publicly disclosed the that reason for Atta Mohammed ' s and Zacarias Moussaoui ' s into inquiries cropdusters for was the use contemplated in dispersing biological as agents such anthrax .
An early September 2003 Newsweek article included a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM").
An early September 2003 Newsweek article a rumor included by a source Taliban that a at meeting in April Bin 2003 Laden was planning an " " unbelievable biological attack , the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid ( Shaikh Mohammed " KSM " ) .
An early September Newsweek 2003 included article a rumor by a Taliban source that a at meeting in April 2003 Bin was Laden planning an " unbelievable " biological , attack the plans for had which a suffered setback the upon arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ( " KSM " ) .
He had been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
He had captured been the previous month Rawalpindi in , . Pakistan
He had captured been the previous Rawalpindi month in , Pakistan .
In November 2003, a report by a UN Panel of experts concluded that Al Qaeda is determined to use chemical and biological weapons and is restrained only by technical difficulties.
In November , 2003 a report by a UN Panel of experts concluded that Al is determined Qaeda use to biological chemical and weapons is and restrained by only difficulties technical .
In November , 2003 report a a by Panel UN of experts that concluded Al Qaeda determined to is use chemical and biological weapons and is restrained by only technical . difficulties
In a statement issued June 16, 2004, the 9/11 Commission Staff concluded that "Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11.
In a statement issued June , 16 2004 , the 9 / Staff 11 Commission that concluded " Qaeda Al had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability produce to prior anthrax September to 11 .
In statement a 16 issued June , 2004 the , / 9 11 Commission Staff that concluded " Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program was and making advances in ability its to anthrax produce prior September to 11 .
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, al Qaedas ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face."
To according Central of Director Intelligence George Tenet , al Qaeda  ability to s conduct an anthrax attack of is one the most immediate threats the United States likely is face to . "
To according Director of Central Intelligence Tenet George , Qaeda al  s ability an to conduct anthrax attack one is the of most immediate threats the United States is to likely face . "
On August 9, 2004, it was announced that in the Spring of 2001, a man named El-Shukrijumah, also known as Jafar the Pilot, who was part of a "second wave," had been casing New York City helicopters.
On August 9 , 2004 , was it announced that in Spring the 2001 of , a named man El - Shukrijumah , also as known Jafar the , Pilot who was part a of " wave second , " had casing been New City York helicopters .
August on , 9 2004 , it was announced that in Spring the of 2001 , a man El named - Shukrijumah , also known Jafar as Pilot the , who was part of a second " wave , " been had casing York New helicopters City .
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot.
From photographs a seized computer included the disc controls and the locks the on the door between passengers and pilot .
Photographs from a computer seized disc included and the controls locks the on the door between and the passengers pilot .
In a bulletin, the FBI noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon.
In a bulletin , FBI the noted the that surveillance might relate a to plot disperse to chemical a biological or weapon .
A in , bulletin the FBI noted the that surveillance might relate to a plot disperse to a or chemical biological . weapon
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot.
The CIA has reportedly been quietly a building case that the mailings anthrax were an international plot .
The CIA reportedly been has quietly building a that case the anthrax mailings were international an plot .
This is old news.
This is news old .
Is this old news .
It's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the FBI's (former) theory about a lone, American scientist.
It ' just s no longer impolite to bureaucratically openly the contest FBI s ' ( former ) theory about lone a , scientist American .
' it s just longer no bureaucratically impolite to contest openly FBI the ' s former ( ) theory lone about a , American scientist .
Many people have argued that a US-based Al Qaeda operative is behind the earlier Fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the US, and that the mailings served as a threat and warning.
Many argued people have that a US based - Qaeda Al behind operative is the Fall earlier 2001 anthrax the mailings in US , and that the mailings served as a threat warning and .
Many have people argued that a US - based Al Qaeda operative is the behind earlier 2001 Fall anthrax mailings in the US , that the and mailings as served a and threat . warning
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad, extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used.
Islamist princeton Bernard Lewis scholar has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether innocents killing is sanctioned by the laws jihad of , extremists Zawahiri like agree that notice must given before be weapons biochemical are . used
Islamist princeton scholar Bernard has Lewis that explained while may islamists disagree whether about killing innocents sanctioned is the by of laws jihad , extremists Zawahiri agree like that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .
"The Prophet's guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and New York City, as well as symbolic targets.
" The Prophet ' guidance s , " says Scheuer Michael , al an - analyst Qaeda who recently retired from CIA the and once headed its Bin Laden unit , " was , always Before you attack someone , warn them very clearly . . . " The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent January in 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington , D . C . and New York City , well as as symbolic targets .
" Prophet The ' s guidance , says " Michael , Scheuer an al - Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA once and its headed Bin Laden unit , " was , always Before you someone attack , warn them clearly very . . . " The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches Washington in , D . C . and New York City , as well as targets symbolic .
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993.
Were the letter bombs sent in with connection the detention of the blind sheik Rahman Abdel and those for responsible earlier the World Trade Center in bombing 1993 .
The letter bombs sent were in the connection with detention of the blind sheik Rahman Abdel and those responsible for the earlier World Center Trade bombing 1993 in .
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM, Al Qaeda's #3, included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise.
Handwritten and notes on files laptop a seized the capture upon of KSM , Al Qaeda ' s # 3 , included a feasible production anthrax plan using a dryer spray and addressed the recruitment of expertise necessary .
Handwritten notes and files on laptop seized a upon capture the of Al KSM , ' Qaeda s # 3 , included a feasible production anthrax plan using a dryer and spray addressed the recruitment of necessary . expertise
What your morning paper did not tell you, however, was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri's right-hand, Ahmed Salama Mabruk, 5 years earlier.
Your what morning paper not did you tell , however , was that CIA the a seized similar Ayman disc from Zawahiri ' s right - hand , Ahmed Salama Mabruk , 5 earlier years .
What your paper did morning not you tell , however , was the that CIA a seized similar disc from Ayman s Zawahiri ' right - hand , Ahmed Salama , Mabruk earlier 5 years .
The computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over to the Egyptian authorities.
The computer disk was from confiscated him his during arrest by the CIA Azerbaijan in and over handed to the Egyptian authorities .
Computer the disk confiscated was from him arrest during his the by CIA in Azerbaijan and over handed to the Egyptian authorities .
Mabruk, at the time, was the head of Jihad's military operations.
Mabruk , the at , time was head the Jihad of ' s military operations .
, mabruk the at , time was the head of Jihad ' military s operations .
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development.
There is a risk observers that underestimate that the time Al has Qaeda had to progress in make such and recruitment research and development .
There a is risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .
Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot, Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White House.
May still some think even that in the final stages the of 9 / 11 plot , Zacarias Moussaoui going was fly to 5th a into plane Capitol the or White House .
Some may think still that in even the final stages the 9 of / 11 plot , Zacarias Moussaoui was going fly a to 5th into plane Capitol the White or House .
Others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners directed to targets on the West Coast.
Others argue that he was to be part a second of of wave directed to airliners targets on the West . Coast
Others that argue he was to part be of a second of wave airliners to targets directed on West the Coast .
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui, however, dated July 31, 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months.
An there e is - by mail , Moussaoui however , dated 31 July , 2001 indicating that sought he to take a crop dusting course that to was last up to 6 months .
Is an there e - mail by Moussaoui however , , dated July , indicating 31 2001 that sought he to take a dusting course crop was that to last up to 6 months .
In March 2003, Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a "second wave."
In March , 2003 reportedly Mohammed said that Moussaoui was not going be to part of 9 / 11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "
March in 2003 Mohammed , reportedly said Moussaoui that was not going to be part 9 of / 11 but to was part of be a " second wave . "
Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $14,000 in July, accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks.
Ramzi although Binalshibh provided him $ 14 , 000 in , July accused September 11 conspirator Moussaoui Zacarias told his trial that judge he had an al Qaeda would mission that have come after the terrorist attacks .
Although provided Ramzi Binalshibh him $ 14 , 000 in July , accused 11 September conspirator Zacarias told Moussaoui his judge trial that he an had al mission Qaeda would that have come after the terrorist attacks .
KSM explained that Moussaoui's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by US-trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative, Malaysian Yazid Sufaat.
KSM that explained Moussaoui s ' about inquiries dusters crop may have been related to the anthrax work done being US by - biochemist trained and operative Al Qaeda , Malaysian Yazid . Sufaat
KSM that explained Moussaoui ' s inquiries crop about dusters have may been related the to anthrax work being done US by - trained Al and biochemist operative Qaeda , Malaysian Sufaat Yazid .
Zacarias Moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable, has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants "anthrax for Jew sympathizer only."
Zacarias Moussaoui never , sharpest the in tool the shed thought and by superiors his to be , unreliable has told judge the at his trial in a filing he that " wants anthrax Jew for sympathizer only . "
Moussaoui zacarias the , never sharpest tool in the shed and thought by superiors to his , be unreliable has told judge the at trial his in a filing that wants he " anthrax for Jew sympathizer only . "
Al Qaeda's regional operative, Hambali, who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat, has been captured.
Qaeda al ' s operative regional , Hambali , who at was a January key meeting 2000 and supervised Sufaat , has . been captured
Al Qaeda s ' regional operative , Hambali , who at was key January a meeting 2000 and supervised Sufaat , been has . captured
Hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree.
Hambali reportedly is to cooperating degree some .
Hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree .
KSM and Hambali sent al-Hindi (al-Britani), along with Jafar the Pilot, to case NYC targets for a second wave.
KSM Hambali sent and - al Hindi ( - al Britani ) , along Jafar with Pilot the , case to targets NYC for a second wave .
and KSM al Hambali sent - ( Hindi al - Britani ) , Jafar along with the Pilot , case to NYC targets a for second wave .
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area.
Was it part as of that surveillance in early 2001 Jafar that Pilot the studied tourist in helicopters the NYC . area
It as was of surveillance part that in early that 2001 Jafar the Pilot tourist studied helicopters in the NYC area .
Sufaat, according to both KSM and Hambali, did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used.
Sufaat , according to both and KSM Hambali , did not the have US Army virulent Ames strain would that used be .
, sufaat according to KSM both and Hambali , did not have the US virulent Army would Ames strain that be used .
That would require someone who had access to the strain.
That would require someone had who to access the . strain
That would someone require who to had access the strain .
But if experience is any guide, nothing would stand in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri's decade-long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporter.
If but any experience is guide , nothing stand would in the way of Dr . Ayman Zawahiri ' s - decade long to weaponize quest and use anthrax against US targets that described was one by confidante an to Egyptian newspaper reporter .
But if experience is any guide , nothing stand would in the way of Dr . Ayman Zawahiri ' decade s - long quest to weaponize use against and anthrax US targets that was described confidante by one to Egyptian an reporter . newspaper
The islamist had been released from Egyptian prison and had known Zawahiri well for many years.
The islamist had released been Egyptian from and prison had known well Zawahiri many for years .
The had islamist been from released prison Egyptian and had known Zawahiri well years for many .
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program.
Emails from Zawahiri to in Atef the Spring of that 1999 indicate Ayman was a close of student the USAMRIID anthrax program .
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 that indicate Ayman student was a close the of anthrax USAMRIID program .
He believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader.
He believed koran the that instructed that jihadist a should use the used weapons by the crusader .
He believed the that koran instructed that a use jihadist the should weapons by used the crusader .
"What we know is that he's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies," former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said.
What we know " is that he ' s always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their , enemies " former CIA OBL unit chief counter terrorism Michael Scheuer has said .
" we What know is he that s ' always said it was religious a to obligation the have weapons same their as , enemies " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael has Scheuer said .
The Wall Street Journal reported that a computer used by Zawahiri contains a June 1999 memo that "said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions, which it said were 'more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists, which will greatly benefit us in the first stage, God willing.' ''
Wall the Street Journal that reported a computer by Zawahiri used contains a June 1999 memo that " said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions , which it were said ' more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists , which will greatly benefit us the in first stage , God willing . ' ' '
The Wall Street Journal reported that a computer used by Zawahiri contains a 1999 June memo " that the said should program cover seek and talent in educational institutions , which it said were more ' beneficial to and us allow easy access to specialists , which will greatly benefit us in the first stage , God . willing ' ' '
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest.
Zawahiri was associated a with faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad as known Vanguards the of Conquest .
Zawahiri was associated a with faction the of Egyptian Islamic Jihad the known as Vanguards Conquest of .
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders.
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of seeking Conquest were recreate Mohammed to ' s of mecca taking by a band small violent through attacks on Egyptian leaders .
And zawahiri Vanguards the of Conquest were to seeking recreate Mohammed ' taking s mecca by of a small through band violent on attacks Egyptian leaders .
By 1998, Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime.
By 1998 , determined Zawahiri had the that Islamic Egyptian Jihad focus on should struggle its against the United States and hold off on attacks further against the Egyptian . regime
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Islamic Egyptian Jihad should focus on its struggle the against States United and off on hold further attacks against Egyptian the . regime
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980.
Key a is question how they acquired the strain anthrax first by isolated the Veterinary Medical Texas Diagnostic Lab in 1980 .
A key question is they how the acquired anthrax strain first isolated Texas by the Medical Veterinary Diagnostic in Lab 1980 .
According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it.
According to counter senior officials terrorism both , abroad here and , the among of supporters these militant islamists were people who into blended society and were available to act another when part of network the requested it .
According senior counter to terrorism officials , both here and , abroad the among of supporters militant these were islamists people who blended society into and available were act to when another part of the network requested it .
A few days before Christmas 2003, after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks, to include in the US homeland, the threat level was raised to orange or "high."
A few before days 2003 Christmas , after a audiotape renewed threat Zawahiri by attacks of to , include in the US homeland , the level threat was orange raised to or " . high "
Few a days before 2003 Christmas , after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri attacks of , include to the US in homeland the , threat level was to raised orange or " high . "
After the alert condition had long since returned to yellow, Zawahiri in late February issued another audiotape.
The after alert condition had long since returned to yellow , Zawahiri late in issued February another audiotape .
After alert condition the long had since to returned yellow , Zawahiri late in February issued another audiotape .
He urged the President that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise.
Urged he the President brigades and that brigades would coming be under the banner of carrying death jihad and seeking paradise .
He urged the President that brigades brigades and would be coming under of the jihad carrying banner and death seeking paradise .
Zawahiri said that the US should expect another 9/11 on US soil.
Said zawahiri the that US should another expect 9 / 11 on US . soil
Zawahiri said that US the should another expect / 11 9 on US soil .
According to some reports, Zawahiri is thought by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan.
According to some reports , is Zawahiri thought by intelligence to be near somewhere the of border and Pakistan Afghanistan .
According to some reports , Zawahiri thought is by to be somewhere intelligence near border the of and Pakistan Afghanistan .
At one time, some thought he had been spotted in Iran.
At one time , some thought he had been spotted in . Iran
At one time , some thought had he been spotted in Iran .
Wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited.
Wherever is he , authorities need to focus traceable on the between connection him those and he or recruited Atef .
He is wherever , authorities need to focus on traceable the connection between and him those he Atef recruited or .
In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka"?
In October , 2001 did the FBI profilers know of the message Khalid draft Mohammed had the on seized laptop ( from 1995 that ) signed was " Khalid Bojinka Sheik " ?
October in 2001 did the , FBI know profilers the of message draft Khalid had Mohammed the seized on laptop ( from 1995 ) that was signed " Khalid Sheik Bojinka " ?
The letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind sheik was not released.
The letter to biochemical threatened use weapons if blind the sheik was not released .
Letter the threatened to use biochemical weapons if blind the sheik was not released .
(Khalid Mohammed's involvement dates back to Bojinka, as does Hambali's).
( Mohammed Khalid ' involvement s dates back to Bojinka , does as Hambali ' s ) .
( Khalid Mohammed s ' involvement dates back to , Bojinka Hambali as does s ' ) .
Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka planning.
Of use weapons biochemical as and blackmail retaliation threatened for such detentions was alternative an scenario the in Bojinka planning .
Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation such for detentions was an alternative scenario in the planning Bojinka .
In May 2004, Patrick Hughes, Lieutenant General (Retired), Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis, Homeland Security Department testified before the 9/11 Commission.
In 2004 May , Patrick Hughes , Lieutenant General Retired ( ) , Secretary Assistant for Information Analysis Homeland , Security testified Department the before 9 / Commission 11 .
May in , 2004 Patrick Hughes , General Lieutenant ( ) Retired , for Assistant Secretary Information Analysis , Homeland Department Security testified before 9 the / Commission 11 .
He explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that Al Qaeda wanted to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon, most notably anthrax.
He explained that and other interrogations evidence revealed Al that Qaeda wanted to strike US the a with weapon nonconventional , notably most anthrax .
Explained he that and interrogations other revealed that Qaeda evidence wanted Al to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon , most notably anthrax .
The same week, the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes, they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received.
Same the week , the WTC head testified that while they had not received any on briefing the use of planes , they had steps taken to prepare for an attack anthrax using based on that intelligence been had received .
The same week , the WTC head that testified they while had not any briefing received on use the of planes , they had taken to steps for prepare an attack using anthrax based on that intelligence received had been .
Al Qaeda has had anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized form, since at least 1997, when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ("Moro Front" or "MILF").
Qaeda al had has anthrax , the raw product seed its in unweaponized , form since at least 1997 , when it was purchased by Laden Bin through the Moro Islamic Front Liberation ( Moro " Front " or " MILF " ) .
Qaeda had al has , anthrax the raw seed product its in form unweaponized since , least at 1997 , when it was purchased by Laden Bin through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( " Moro Front " or MILF " " ) .
Zawahiri, Al Qaeda's #2, is head of Al Qaeda's biochemical program.
Zawahiri , Qaeda Al ' s # 2 , is head of Al Qaeda ' s biochemical program .
, zawahiri Al Qaeda ' s # 2 is , head of Qaeda Al ' s . biochemical program
The CIA has known of Zawahiri's plans to use anthrax for a half decade.
The CIA has of known Zawahiri ' s plans to use for a anthrax half decade .
CIA the has known Zawahiri of ' plans s use to anthrax for a decade half .
The confidante and right-hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against US targets.
Confidante the and right - hand of man Dr . Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri in succeeded obtaining and anthrax to intended use against it US targets .
The and confidante right hand - man of Dr . Ayman admitted Zawahiri that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and to use it intended targets against US .
Another senior Al Qaeda member (a shura or policy-making council member no less) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession.
Senior another Al Qaeda member ( shura a or making policy - member council no ) less was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in lengthy a sworn confession .
Senior Al another Qaeda member ( a or shura policy making - council member less ) no working was for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the in report a sworn lengthy confession .
Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced.
Even ' Zawahiri attorney s in that 1999 said Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents possessed given the they pressure senior extradition Al leaders Qaeda faced .
Even Zawahiri ' s attorney in 1999 Bin said that Laden Zawahiri and were to likely to resort the and biological chemical agents possessed they given the extradition senior pressure Qaeda Al faced leaders .
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East.
A recently islamist released had who been close a of associate Zawahiri said Zawahiri that spent a decade had and made 15 attempts separate to recruit necessary the expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and Middle the . East
Recently a released islamist who had been associate a close of said Zawahiri Zawahiri that a spent decade and had made 15 separate attempts to the recruit necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and Middle the East .
The US Army recipe was not used, and obtaining the unprocessed Ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the weight given it by some press accounts.
The recipe US Army not was , used and obtaining the Ames unprocessed strain of anthrax used does not the warrant weight it given by some press . accounts
The recipe US Army was , not used and unprocessed obtaining the Ames strain of anthrax used does not the warrant weight it given by some press accounts .
There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used, especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997.
There was lax control distribution over the of the Ames that strain was used , especially in of light fact the that transfers not even were required to recorded be to prior . 1997
There was over lax control the distribution the of Ames strain was that used , especially light in of the that transfers fact not were required even to be recorded prior 1997 to .
Significantly, the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago (now retired), upon being contacted, does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick.
Significantly , the individual it who isolated nearly quarter a century ago ( retired now ) , being upon contacted , does not even report he that sent necessarily the of only copy the strain Ft to . Detrick .
Significantly the , individual who isolated it nearly quarter a century ago now ( ) retired , upon contacted being , does not report even necessarily that he sent the only the copy of strain to Ft . Detrick .
Senator Patrick Leahy at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted that the FBI had collected the Ames strain from 20 sources.
Senator Patrick Leahy at a Congressional in hearing the Spring of noted the 2002 FBI that collected had the strain Ames from 20 sources .
Leahy senator Patrick at a Congressional hearing in the Spring 2002 of that noted the FBI had the collected strain from Ames 20 sources .
In Fall 2004, MSNBC, relying on an unnamed FBI spokesperson, reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but cannot rule out that it was made overseas.
Fall 2004 in , MSNBC , an relying on unnamed FBI spokesperson , reports the that FBI has narrowed the pool of to labs known have had Ames that was match a from 16 to 4 but cannot out rule that it made was overseas .
In 2004 Fall , MSNBC , relying on unnamed an spokesperson FBI , reports the that has FBI narrowed the pool of labs known to have had that Ames match was a 16 from to 4 but cannot rule that out it was made overseas .
Al Qaeda's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed's computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons.
Qaeda al ' s anthrax production plans on Mohammed Khalid ' s did computer not evidence knowledge advanced of the techniques in most efficient . biological weapons
Al Qaeda s ' production anthrax plans on Khalid Mohammed ' computer s did not evidence knowledge advanced of techniques in most the biological efficient weapons .
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek, under the optimal method, there is no electrostatic charge.
Least at according the to public comments by bioweaponeer William experts and Patrick Kenneth Alibek under , the method optimal , there is charge no electrostatic .
At least according to the comments public by bioweaponeer experts William and Kenneth Patrick Alibek , under optimal the method , there is electrostatic charge no .
In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings, there was an electrostatic charge.
In the of case anthrax the used the in mailings , there an was charge electrostatic .
In the case the of used anthrax in the mailings , there electrostatic was an . charge
Although there was a dominance of single spores and a trillion spore concentration, there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns.
Although there was a dominance of and single spores a trillion spore , concentration there clumps were as large 40 as - 100 microns .
There although was a dominance of spores single and a spore trillion , there concentration clumps were as large as 40 - microns 100 .
(Spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable.)
( must be Spores no bigger than 5 to microns inhalable be . )
( Spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable . )
Many point to the trillion spore concentration as extraordinary.
Point many to the spore trillion concentration extraordinary as .
Point the many to trillion spore concentration as extraordinary .
It is far simpler, however, to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab.
It is simpler far , however , to a achieve trillion concentration spore in production the of a grams few in than industrial typical processing of a state sponsored lab .
It is simpler far , however , achieve to trillion a spore concentration in production the of few a than grams in industrial of processing typical state a sponsored lab .
The "trillion spore" issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated.
The " trillion spore issue " at was the of heart a of lot theories mistaken the of that matter concluding state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .
The spore " trillion " issue at was the a heart of of lot mistaken theories of matter the that concluding state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .
The reported finding at Dugway undermines the argument of both the "bomb Iraq" crowd and the liberals focused on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes.
The finding at reported Dugway undermines the argument both of " the bomb Iraq " crowd and the focused liberals on Dr Steve . Hatfill who object US to research biodefense because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .
The reported finding at undermines Dugway the argument of both the " bomb Iraq " crowd and the liberals focused Dr on . Steve Hatfill who to object US biodefense because they research it view as being useful for offensive purposes .
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us, in sensational detail, of Atta's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster.
USDA employee Johnelle first Bryant told us , in sensational detail , of ' Atta s inquiries about purchasing retrofitting and a cropduster .
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant told first us , in detail sensational , of Atta ' inquiries s retrofitting about purchasing and a . cropduster
Khalid Mohammed then told interrogators that Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to Yazid Sufaat's anthrax manufacturing plans.
Khalid Mohammed told then interrogators Moussaoui that Zacarias ' s crop inquiries about dusting may have related to Yazid Sufaat s anthrax ' manufacturing plans .
Khalid Mohammed then told Zacarias interrogators Moussaoui that ' s inquiries about dusting crop may have to related Yazid Sufaat s ' manufacturing anthrax plans .
Although the details of the documents on Mohammed's computer may (or may not) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal, they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings.
Of although the details documents the Mohammed on ' s computer may ( or not may ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal they , are consistent fully with the product used in anthrax the . mailings
Although the details of the documents Mohammed on ' s computer may ( or may not ) to point difficulties possible aerial in dispersal they , are consistent fully the with product in the used anthrax . mailings
Al Qaeda had both the means and opportunity.
Al Qaeda had both means the opportunity and .
Al Qaeda both had the and means opportunity .
US-trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000.
US - trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid met Sufaat 9 with 11 / and plotters two January hijackers in 2000 .
US - trained biochemist Malaysian Yazid met with Sufaat 9 / 11 plotters and two January in hijackers 2000 .
Sufaat was a member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah ("JI").
Sufaat was member a Al of Qaeda a member of and Jemaah Islamiah ( " JI " ) .
Sufaat was a member of Qaeda Al and a of member Islamiah Jemaah ( " JI " ) .
JI has ties with the Moro Front.
Has JI ties the with Moro Front .
has JI ties with Moro the Front .
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda.
Sufaat used company his called Green Laboratory to Medicine buy useful items to Qaeda Al .
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory to buy Medicine useful items to Qaeda Al .
(Green symbolizes "Islam" and Prophet Mohammed's holy war).
( symbolizes Green Islam " " and Prophet ' Mohammed s holy ) war .
Green ( symbolizes Islam " " and Prophet Mohammed ' war s holy ) .
Zacarias Moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested, stayed at Sufaat's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in Malaysia.
Zacarias Moussaoui , who had crop a dusting when manual he was arrested , stayed at Sufaat ' s condominium in when 2000 he was trying to for flight arrange in lessons Malaysia .
Moussaoui zacarias , who crop had a dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at Sufaat s ' in condominium 2000 when was he trying to for arrange flight lessons in . Malaysia
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $35,000.
Sufaat yazid Moussaoui provided with a letter indicating that was he a marketing representative Infocus Technologies and for allegedly provided him $ 35 , . 000
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he a marketing was for representative Infocus Technologies and provided him allegedly $ 35 , 000 .
The crop dusters were to be part of a "second wave."
The crop dusters were be to part of a " second . wave "
Crop dusters the to be were part of a " second wave . "
After 9/11, Yazid Sufaat traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to work for the Taliban Medical Brigade and to continue his work with anthrax.
After 9 / 11 , Yazid Sufaat Afghanistan traveled to Pakistan and work to for the Taliban Medical Brigade and to continue work with his anthrax .
After 9 / , 11 Yazid to Sufaat traveled Afghanistan and Pakistan to work Taliban for the Medical and Brigade continue to his work with . anthrax
As described in US News, a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat, without realizing it, while traveling near Kabul in October 2001, perceiving him as Filipino.
As described in News US , a former from reporter Times the Kabul have actually may met Sufaat , without realizing it , while near Kabul traveling in October 2001 , him perceiving Filipino as .
Described as in US News , a reporter former Kabul from the Times actually may have met Sufaat , without realizing it , traveling while Kabul near in October 2001 perceiving , as him Filipino .
The fellow was carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax.
The was fellow carrying from papers and Zawahiri bragging about his ability manipulate to anthrax .
The fellow was papers carrying from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to anthrax manipulate .
Sufaat was arrested in December 2001 upon his return to Malaysia.
Sufaat arrested was in December 2001 upon his return to Malaysia .
Was sufaat arrested in December 2001 upon return his to . Malaysia
Newsweek reported that a "second wave" involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support.
Newsweek reported that " a wave second " involving biological attacks had been upon thwarted arrest the of Qaeda Al members who had been to provide intended logistical support .
Newsweek reported that a second " wave " attacks involving biological had been upon thwarted the arrest of Al Qaeda members been who intended provide had to logistical support .
Various doctors, both foreign and American, are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives, to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan, a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui, PhD, from Karachi.
Various , both doctors foreign and American are , with Al associated Qaeda leaders or operatives , to the include doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from and Rawalpindi Aafia , Siddiqui PhD , from Karachi .
Doctors various , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda or leaders operatives , to include the doctors Qadoos Abdul Khan , bacteriologist a from and Rawalpindi Aafia Siddiqui PhD , , . from Karachi
Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan was charged along with his son, Ahmed, for harboring the fugitives.
Abdul microbiologist Qadoos Khan was charged his along with , son Ahmed , for the harboring fugitives .
Microbiologist Abdul Khan Qadoos was charged with along his son , Ahmed , harboring for the fugitives .
As of March 28, 2003, he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted "pre-arrest bail."
As of March , 28 , 2003 he in was a hospital a for cardiac had problem and been granted " pre - arrest bail . "
As of March 28 , 2003 , he was hospital in a for a cardiac problem and had been granted " pre - arrest bail . "
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos, who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low-IQ due to lead poisoning.
Yet all you read about time at the the was arrest of son the Ahmed Qadoos Abdul , who receives from a stipend the UN for officially being low - IQ due lead poisoning to .
All yet you about read at time the was arrest of the son the Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a from stipend the for UN being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui, who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology.
It Khalid was who Mohammed told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui , who a has Brandeis PhD from neurology in .
Was it Khalid who Mohammed told authorities about Siddiqui Aafia , has who a PhD Brandeis from neurology in .
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003.
Pakistani the press that reported was she in nabbed Karachi being after spotted at the airport in late or March April early 2003 .
The Pakistani press that reported she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at in the airport March or late April 2003 early .
If mistaken, how did those reports first come about?
Mistaken if , how did those come reports first about ?
Mistaken if , how did those reports first come about ?
Understandably, Amerithrax is a confidential investigation.
Understandably , a Amerithrax is confidential investigation .
Understandably , Amerithrax a is investigation confidential .
The Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt.
The Pakistan and ISI CIA rarely grant interviews in press connection an with ongoing manhunt .
The Pakistan ISI and CIA grant rarely press interviews in connection with ongoing an manhunt .
The CIA did not even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 days after his arrest.
The did CIA not allow even FBI the to access KSM for 10 days after arrest his .
CIA the did not even allow the access FBI to KSM for 10 after days his arrest .
As agent Van Harp, then head of the Amerithrax investigation said, the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information.
As Van agent Harp , then head of Amerithrax the investigation said , the information from coming is Khalid Mohammed classified the with authorities releasing certain only limited information .
As agent Harp Van , then head of the Amerithrax said , investigation the information coming Khalid from is Mohammed classified with the authorities releasing only limited certain . information
While it's not easy to separate fact from fiction, Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought.
While it s ' not easy separate to fact from fiction , Attorney General and Ashcroft Director have Mueller confirmed publicly is Aafia being still . sought
While it ' s not to easy separate from fact fiction , General Attorney Ashcroft and Director Mueller confirmed have publicly is Aafia still being sought .
They would know.
They would . know
They know would .
Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of March.
Her Ismat mother last saw Aafia and her before grandchildren they a left in minicab at end the March of .
Mother her Ismat last Aafia saw and her grandchildren left before they a in minicab at end the of March .
Aafia was on her way with her children to visit and uncle and a friend in Islamabad.
Aafia was on her way her with children visit and to uncle and a friend in Islamabad .
Aafia was on her way with children visit her to and uncle and a in Islamabad friend .
According to the Pakistan reports, Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport (after she was followed to a relative's house).
According to the Pakistan reports , Siddiqui Aafia was detained being after at spotted Karachi International airport ( she after was followed to relative a ' house ) s .
According the to Pakistan , reports Aafia Siddiqui detained after being was spotted at Karachi International airport ( after she followed was to a relative ' house s ) .
(Karachi is in the south).
( is Karachi in south the ) .
( Karachi is in the south ) .
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda's "Chemical Wire Group."
The reports she say is suspected of been having a of member Al Qaeda ' s " Chemical Group Wire . "
Reports the is say she suspected of having been a member Al of ' Qaeda s " Chemical Group Wire . "
The family's lawyer advises me that Aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called Ismat from the train station.
Family the ' s lawyer advises me that Aafia not did have enough money pay to for airfare tickets herself for the and kids and called Ismat from the train station .
Family the ' lawyer s advises me that did Aafia not have enough money pay to airfare for tickets for herself the and kids and called Ismat from the station train .
That was the last Ismat heard from her.
That was the last Ismat heard from her .
That the last was Ismat heard from her .
Aafia never reached the uncle's house.
Never aafia reached the uncle ' s . house
Aafia never reached uncle the s ' house .
Perhaps something got lost in the translation, but the phrase "Chemical Wire Group" has appeared in all the english Pakistan and India papers.
Perhaps something lost got the in translation , but the phrase " Wire Chemical Group has " appeared in all english Pakistan the and India papers .
Perhaps something got lost in the , but translation the phrase " Chemical Wire Group " appeared has in english all Pakistan and the papers India .
The family's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals (and that would not appear to be her training).
Family the ' attorney s advises me Aafia that no had of chemicals knowledge ( and would that not appear to be her training ) .
The family ' attorney s advises me that no Aafia had of chemicals knowledge and ( that would not to appear be her training ) .
There still is a very hot pursuit of the "Atta-level" Floridian, Adnan El Shukrijumah, who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting.
Still there is hot a very of the pursuit " - level Atta " Floridian , El Adnan Shukrijumah , Siddiqui who is thought to have known and been assisting .
Still there a is very pursuit hot of " the Atta - level Floridian " , El Adnan , Shukrijumah who Siddiqui is thought have to known been and assisting .
His nickname is "Jafar the Pilot."
Nickname his is " the Jafar Pilot . "
His nickname " is Jafar Pilot the . "
A senior DOJ official reports that Adnan has experience as a commercial pilot.
A senior DOJ reports official Adnan experience that has as a commercial pilot .
A senior official DOJ reports Adnan has that experience as commercial a pilot .
He is said by one FBI agent to be "very, very, very" dangerous.
He is said by one FBI agent to " be very , , very very dangerous " .
Is he said FBI by agent one to be " very , very , " very dangerous .
He allegedly was at one or more meetings in the Summer of 2001 in Pakistan at which KSM and Sufaat were present.
He allegedly was one at meetings or more in the of Summer 2001 in Pakistan at KSM which and were Sufaat present .
Allegedly was he at one or more in meetings the Summer of in 2001 Pakistan at which and KSM Sufaat were . present
He may have been seen in Hamilton, Canada -- along with Egyptian al-Maati, who apparently also has received pilot training.
He may been seen have in Hamilton , Canada - - with along al Egyptian - Maati who , apparently has also pilot received training .
He may have seen been in Hamilton Canada , - - Egyptian with along al - , Maati who apparently also has pilot received training .
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically-based preconceptions.
United the States no truly has longer time for analysis or faulty politically - based preconceptions .
The united States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically - based . preconceptions
In early June 2003, a CIA report concluded that the reason for Atta's and Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax.
In June early 2003 a , CIA concluded that report reason the Atta for ' s and Zacarias Moussaoui ' s into inquiries cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such anthrax as .
In early June 2003 , CIA a report concluded that the reason for ' Atta s and Zacarias ' Moussaoui s into inquiries cropdusters in was fact for the use contemplated in dispersing agents such biological as anthrax .
It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents (since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam).
It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested using in cropdusters biological to disperse agents ( since of the millennium testimony bomber Ahmed Ressam ) .
Has it long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested using in to cropdusters disperse biological agents ( since testimony the of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam ) .
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in Afghanistan.
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted in cutaneous Afghanistan anthrax .
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears contracted to have anthrax cutaneous in Afghanistan .
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan.
Is it reasonable to his credit statement that he got the lesion after into bumping a he suitcase was carrying at a in camp Afghanistan .
Is it reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion bumping after into a was suitcase he at carrying a camp in Afghanistan .
The lesion is further evidence of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program at Kandahar.
Lesion is the further evidence Al of Qaeda ' s anthrax production at program Kandahar .
The is lesion further evidence of Al Qaeda s ' production anthrax program at . Kandahar
The present evidence relating to Atta's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq.
The present evidence to relating Atta ' s alleged travel Prague to does warrant not Al a conclusion that obtained Qaeda Ames the strain from Iraq .
Present the relating evidence Atta to ' s alleged travel to does Prague not warrant a conclusion that Qaeda Al the Ames obtained from strain Iraq .
Iraq, however, remains a possible source of the Ames.
However iraq , , remains a possible of source the Ames .
, iraq however , remains possible a source the of Ames .
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had the Ames strain.
Former bioweaponeer Russian Ken has Alibek that said a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had Ames the strain .
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that key Russian a scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had the Ames strain .
(His conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the US by the Chalabi associate "Curveball", which Alibek divined to be identical to Russian mobile lab design).
( His may conclusion have based on been the fake biolab plans mobile foisted the upon US by the Chalabi associate " Curveball " which , Alibek be divined to identical Russian to mobile lab design ) .
( His conclusion have may based been on the mobile fake biolab plans foisted upon the by the US Chalabi associate " Curveball " , which to Alibek divined identical be to Russian mobile lab design ) .
Zawahiri did travel to Baghdad in 1998 with an entourage to attend the birthday party of Saddam's son.
Zawahiri travel did Baghdad to in 1998 an with entourage to attend birthday the party of s Saddam ' son .
Did zawahiri to travel in Baghdad 1998 with an entourage to attend the party birthday of ' Saddam son s .
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat, Iraq's secret police, show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan.
The found at papers of headquarters the Mukhabarat , Iraq ' s police secret , that show an entourage Qaeda from Al group was sent to Iraqi the capital in 1998 March from . Sudan
Papers the found at headquarters the of , Mukhabarat Iraq s ' secret , police an show that entourage from Al Qaeda group was to sent the Iraqi capital March in from 1998 Sudan .
According to at least some reports, Bin Laden rejected the suggestion of a closer alliance -- preferring to pursue his own concept of jihad.
According to at reports least some , Bin Laden rejected the suggestion of a closer alliance - preferring - to own pursue concept jihad his of .
According to at least some reports , Bin rejected Laden suggestion the of closer a - alliance - preferring to own pursue his jihad concept of .
Two top Iraqi scientists, code named Charlie and Alpha, are helping the coalition to learn more about Iraqi's anthrax program, according to Dr. David Kay, head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for WMD.
Two top Iraqi , code scientists named Charlie and Alpha , are helping the coalition to learn about more Iraqi ' s anthrax program , to according Dr . David Kay , of head the Iraq survey group in of charge hunt the WMD for .
Two top Iraqi scientists , named code Charlie Alpha and are , the helping coalition to learn more about Iraqi ' s anthrax program , according to Dr . Kay David , head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for . WMD
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax.
He has said that the Iraqis surprising made innovations and in the milling drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .
Has he said that the Iraqis made innovations surprising in and the drying milling processes needed to weaponize . anthrax
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as "liberals."
The media coverage been has seriously confused issue on the motive of and the Senators reason and Daschle Leahy would have been - targeted - simplistically to tending view them as " liberals . "
The coverage media has been seriously confused issue on the of and the motive reason Senators Daschle and would Leahy have been targeted - - to tending simplistically as view them liberals " . "
Zawahiri likely targeted Senators Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax letters, in addition to various media outlets, because of the appropriations made pursuant to the "Leahy Law" to military and security forces.
Likely zawahiri targeted Senators and Daschle to Leahy anthrax receive letters , in to addition various outlets media because , of the made appropriations to the pursuant " Leahy Law " to military and security forces .
Zawahiri targeted likely Senators Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax , letters in to addition various media outlets because , the appropriations of made pursuant to the Law " Leahy " military to security and forces .
That money has prevented the militant islamists from achieving their goals.
That money prevented has militant the islamists from achieving goals their .
That has prevented money the militant islamists achieving from their goals .
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI's involvement in countries like Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Indonesia, and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries.
Al members Qaeda sympathizers and feel that the FBI ' s involvement countries in like Egypt , Arabia Saudi Pakistan , , Indonesia , and the Philippines interferes with of the sovereignty countries those .
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel the that ' FBI involvement s in like countries Egypt Saudi , Arabia , Pakistan , , Indonesia and Philippines interferes the the with of sovereignty those countries .
According to a post she made on the internet, Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan.
According to a post she on the made internet , Aafia Siddiqui the expressed sentiment same connection in with US appropriations in sought exchange for extradition the of plotter WTC 1993 Yousef Ramzi from Pakistan .
To according a post she made the on internet , Aafia Siddiqui the expressed same sentiment in with US connection appropriations sought in for exchange the extradition WTC of 1993 Ramzi from plotter Yousef Pakistan .
Senator Leahy was Chairman of both the Judiciary Committee overseeing the FBI and Appropriations Subcommittee in charge of foreign aid to these countries.
Senator Leahy Chairman was of the both Judiciary Committee overseeing FBI the Appropriations Subcommittee and in charge of foreign aid to these countries .
Leahy senator was Chairman of the both Judiciary overseeing the Committee FBI and Appropriations in Subcommittee of charge foreign aid to countries these .
In late September 2001, it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists.
In late September , 2001 was it announced that President the was seeking blanket a waiver that would lift all restrictions aid on military to security and units connection with in pursuing the islamists militant .
In late September 2001 , was it that announced the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would restrictions lift on all aid military and to security units connection with in pursuing the militant . islamists
This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders, along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt, remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri.
This extradition and of imprisonment Al Qaeda leaders , along with US support and for Israel the Mubarak in government , Egypt foremost remains in the mind of Dr . . Zawahiri
This extradition and imprisonment of Qaeda Al , leaders along with support US Israel and Mubarak for the government Egypt in , foremost remains in the mind of Dr . Zawahiri .
At the height of the development of his biological weapons program, his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the "Albanian returnees" case (now he faces retrial).
At the height of the of development biological his program weapons , brother his was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in " the Albanian returnees case " ( now he faces retrial ) .
At the height of development the of his biological program weapons his , brother was extradited to pursuant death a sentence in the " returnees Albanian " case ( he faces now retrial ) .
It's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations, debt forgiveness, and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan.
It ' to s hard keep up with the stories billion about dollar appropriations , forgiveness debt and , loan guarantees countries to like Egypt and Israel even and now . Pakistan
' it hard s to up keep the with stories about billion dollar appropriations debt , , forgiveness loan and guarantees to like countries Egypt and Israel and even now Pakistan .
Those appropriations pale in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of Iraq.
Those pale appropriations in the comparison to tens many of billions in appropriations relating the to invasion Iraq of .
Appropriations those comparison pale in to the tens many of billions in appropriations relating the to of invasion Iraq .
Al Qaeda had a motive in mind.
Al Qaeda motive had a in mind .
Al Qaeda had a mind motive in .
In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under the Banner of the Prophet, Zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling "lies" about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant islamists were somehow the creation of the United States in connection with expelling the Russians from Afghanistan.
In Fall his book 2001 titled Knights under the Banner of the Zawahiri Prophet , that argued secular the press was telling " lies " about the militant islamists - - to include the suggestion that the islamists militant were the somehow creation of the United in States connection with expelling the Russians from . Afghanistan
In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under Banner the of the Prophet , Zawahiri argued that secular press the was telling " lies " about the militant - islamists - include to the suggestion the that militant were islamists the somehow creation the of United States in connection with expelling the Russians Afghanistan from .
Zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel.
Zawahiri argued instead that they been active have since assassination the of in Anwar Egypt Sadat because the of David Camp Accord and the peace resulting treaty between Egypt and Israel .
Zawahiri argued that instead have they since been active the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of Camp the David Accord and resulting the treaty peace between Egypt and Israel .
The anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention.
The anthrax were letters on sent the date the of Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the to point anyone paying . attention
Anthrax letters the were the on sent date the of Camp David Accord and then the Anwar date Sadat was assassinated as if to the underscore to point anyone paying attention .
Most of the "talking heads" on television, however, knew only that Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspapers.
The of most " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that Daschle Leahy and liberal were democrats did and not anything know Al of Qaeda beyond what they read the in US . newspapers
Most of " the heads talking on " television , however , knew only that and Daschle Leahy were liberal democrats did not and know anything Al of what Qaeda beyond they read the in US newspapers .
The FBI's profile includes a US-based supporter of the militant islamists.
The FBI ' profile s includes a - US supporter based of the islamists militant .
FBI the ' s profile includes a US - supporter based of militant the . islamists
Attorney General Ashcroft explained that an "either-or" approach is not useful.
Attorney explained General Ashcroft that an " either - or " approach not useful is .
General attorney explained Ashcroft that an " - either or approach " is not useful .
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word "domestic" the word includes a US-based, highly-educated supporter of the militant islamists.
The has media tended overlook to the when fact that FBI the uses the word " " domestic word the includes a US - based , highly supporter - of educated the militant islamists .
The media has to tended overlook fact the that when the the FBI uses word " the domestic word " includes a US - based , highly - educated of supporter islamists the militant .
There is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI, the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage.
Is there an consensus emerging that anthrax was contained in a letter AMI to , publisher the National of the Enquirer - - in goofy a love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a of Star and proposing David marriage .
There is an emerging that consensus was anthrax in contained a letter to AMI , the publisher of the National - Enquirer - a in goofy love to letter Jennifer a Lopez enclosing of Star David proposing and marriage .
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees (as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole) supports the conclusion that there were not one, but two, such mailings containing anthrax.
A report by the Center for Disease of Control interviews with AMI employees ( as as well detailed interviews by Cole Leonard author ) supports the that conclusion were there not one , but two , mailings such containing anthrax .
By a the report Center for Disease Control interviews with of AMI ( employees as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole ) supports the that conclusion were there not , one but two such , mailings containing anthrax .
(The letters were to different AMI publications -- one to the National Enquirer and another to The Sun).
( letters were The to different AMI - publications - one National to the Enquirer and another The to Sun ) .
( The letters were to different AMI publications - - one National to the Enquirer another to and Sun ) The .
(News assistant Bobby Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The Sun.)
( News assistant Bobby recalls Bender the containing letter the to items have been addressed The to Sun . )
( News assistant Bobby Bender the recalls containing letter items the to been have addressed to The Sun . )
This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by Zawahiri, it is their signature.
Tactic of this is letters not merely modus the operandi of these militant islamists inspired by Zawahiri , is it signature their .
This tactic letters of is not merely the modus operandi of these islamists inspired militant by Zawahiri , it is signature their .
The islamists sent letter bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington, D.C..
Islamists the sent letter bombs January in to 1997 offices newspaper in New York and Washington City , D . C . .
The islamists sent letter bombs in January to 1997 newspaper offices New in City York Washington and , D . C . .
They were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, Sheik Abdel Rahman.
They in were sent connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center the and imprisonment the of blind sheik , Sheik Rahman Abdel .
They were connection sent in with the earlier bombing the of World Trade and Center the imprisonment of the blind sheik Sheik , Abdel Rahman .
The former leader of the Egyptian Al-Gamaa al-Islamiya ("Islamic Group"), he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda.
The former leader of Egyptian the Al - al Gamaa - Islamiya ( " Islamic " Group ) , also he was spiritual of a leader Al Qaeda .
The leader former of the Egyptian Al - Gamaa al Islamiya - ( " Islamic " Group ) was , he a also spiritual leader of Al Qaeda .
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot.
The letter bombs were sent in with connection the of treatment Egyptian the islamists imprisoned for the attack earlier the on WTC and a plot related .
The letter bombs were sent in with the connection the treatment of Egyptian islamists imprisoned the for earlier attack on the and WTC related plot a .
The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message.
Of the the purpose letter bombs - - resulted which minimal casualty in - - was to send a message .
The purpose the letter of bombs - - which resulted in casualty - minimal was - send to a message .
(There initially was an outstanding $2 million reward -- under the rewards for justice program, the reward now is up to $5 million.).
( initially There was an outstanding $ 2 million reward - - under the for rewards program justice , reward the now up is to 5 million $ . ) .
( initially an There was outstanding $ million 2 - reward - under the rewards justice for program , now the reward is to up $ 5 million . ) .
There was no claim of responsibility.
There was no claim of responsibility .
Was there no claim responsibility of .
There was no explanation.
Was there no explanation .
Was there no explanation .
Once one had been received, the next ten, mailed on two separate dates, were easily collected.
Once had one been , received the next ten , mailed two separate dates on , easily were collected .
One once been had received , the next , mailed ten on two separate , dates were easily . collected
Sound familiar?
Familiar sound ?
Familiar sound ?
Two bombs were also sent to Leavenworth, where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned, addressed to "Parole Officer."
Bombs two were to also sent , Leavenworth where a key WTC 1993 was defendant imprisoned , addressed " to Officer Parole . "
Bombs two were also sent to Leavenworth , a where key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned , to addressed Parole " . Officer "
(The position does not exist).
( position The does exist not ) .
( position The not does exist ) .
Abdel Rahman's son was captured in Quetta, Pakistan in mid-February 2003.
Abdel Rahman s ' was son captured in Quetta Pakistan , in - mid 2003 February .
Abdel Rahman s ' son was in captured Quetta , mid in Pakistan - February 2003 .
That arrest in turn led to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed, Al Qaeda's #3.
That arrest turn in to led dramatic of the capture Khalid Mohammed , Al Qaeda ' s # . 3
Arrest that turn in led to the dramatic capture Mohammed of Khalid Al , Qaeda s ' # 3 .
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan.
Mohammed was allegedly hiding in the of home the bacteriologist Pakistani Dr . Abdul Qadoos Khan .
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in of the home the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr . Qadoos Abdul Khan .
Along with Zawahiri, Abdel Rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over Bin Laden.
Along Abdel with Zawahiri , Rahman and two his sons have had considerable over influence Bin Laden .
With along Zawahiri , Abdel Rahman and his two have sons had influence considerable over Bin Laden .
He reportedly treated them like sons.
He reportedly treated them like sons .
He treated reportedly like them sons .
Although while in jail in the early 1980s, Zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik's ability to lead a coalition of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Egyptian Islamic Group, Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman's friends.
Although while in jail in the 1980s early , caused Zawahiri considerable tension by challenging blind the ' sheik ability s to lead of a coalition the Egyptian Islamic and Jihad the Egyptian Islamic Group , Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman ' s friends .
Although in while in jail early 1980s the , caused Zawahiri considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik ' ability s to lead a coalition of Egyptian Islamic the and Jihad Egyptian the Islamic Group , Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman ' s friends .
The imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef was KSM's nephew.
Imprisoned the WTC 1993 Yousef plotter was KSM s ' nephew .
The imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef KSM was nephew ' s .
Thus, the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center.
Thus , the in leaders charge of Al Qaeda ' s production anthrax program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection the with earlier bombing of the World Trade Center .
, thus the leaders charge of in Al Qaeda ' s program anthrax production a had close connection to imprisoned those in connection with the earlier bombing of World the Trade . Center
According to the controversial "Feith memo," which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda connection, Osama Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were sent.
According to the " controversial Feith memo , " which purported summarized showing intelligence an Iraqi / connection Al Qaeda , Osama Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance sending letter in bombs a half year before Al letters the Hayat were sent .
To according the controversial " Feith memo , " which summarized intelligence purported showing an Iraqi / Al Qaeda connection Osama , Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance sending in bombs letter a half year before Al the were letters Hayat . sent
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive.
Because Qaeda just Al its likes truck bombs and the like to be effective not does they mean do not the see value in deadly a missive .
Just because Al Qaeda likes its bombs truck and the like be to effective does not do mean they see not the value in deadly a missive .
As Brian Jenkins once said, "terrorism is theater."
Jenkins as Brian once , said " terrorism is theater . "
Brian as Jenkins said once , " is terrorism theater . "
A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in Belgium in 2003.
Purporting a to sender islamist be sent in early cyanide both 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of nerve gas Belgium in in 2003 .
A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide both in early 2002 and 2003 in early New Zealand ingredients and of nerve gas Belgium in 2003 in .
There's even a chapter titled "Poisonous Letter" in the Al Qaeda manual.
There ' even s chapter a titled Poisonous " Letter in " the Qaeda Al manual .
' there s even a chapter titled " Poisonous " Letter Al the in Qaeda manual .
The "Federal Eagle" stamp used in the anthrax mailings was a blue-green.
" Federal the Eagle " in stamp used the anthrax mailings a was blue - green .
The " Eagle " Federal stamp used the in anthrax was mailings a blue - . green
It was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise "in the hearts of green birds."
Was it widely among published the militant islamists that go martyrs to paradise " the in of hearts green . birds "
It was widely published among militant the islamists that go martyrs paradise to " in the of birds hearts green . "
In the very interview in which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes, the masterminds admitted to the Jenny code, the code for representing the date 9/11, and used the symbolism of the "Green Birds."
In the very interview in which they admitted 9 / 11 and , the described codes used for the four targets the for planes , the admitted masterminds the to Jenny , code the code for representing the date 9 / 11 , and used the symbolism of the " Green Birds . "
In the very interview in which they admitted 9 / 11 , and described the codes used for the four targets for the the planes , admitted masterminds to the Jenny code , the for code representing the date 9 / 11 , and used the symbolism of the " Green Birds . "
Osama Bin Laden later invoked the symbolism in his video "The 19 Martyrs."
Osama Bin Laden later invoked the symbolism his in video " The 19 . Martyrs "
Osama Bin Laden the later symbolism invoked in video his " The 19 Martyrs . "
A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website explained that "In the Hearts of Green Birds" refers to what is inside.
FAQ a on the Azzam Publications website explained that " the In Hearts Green of Birds " refers to what is . inside
A FAQ on the Publications Azzam website explained that " In the Hearts of Birds Green " refers what to inside is .
The mailer's use of "Greendale School" as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing.
The ' mailer use s of " Greendale School " return the as for address the letters the to Senators is also revealing .
Mailer the s ' use of " Greendale School " as return the address the letters for to the is Senators revealing also .
A May 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish that Zawahiri used "school" as a code word for the Egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence.
A 2001 May letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Jihad Islamic abroad members establish that Zawahiri " used school " as code word a for Egyptian the islamists militant his in correspondence .
A may 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent Egyptian to Islamic Jihad members establish abroad used that Zawahiri " school " as code a word for the militant Egyptian islamists his in correspondence .
Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed's color.
Green symbolizes Islam and was the Mohammed Prophet ' s color .
Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed ' color s .
By Greendale School, the anthrax perp was being cute, just as Yazid Sufaat was being cute in naming his lab Green Laboratory Medicine.
By School , Greendale the anthrax perp was being cute , as just Yazid was being in Sufaat cute naming his lab Green Laboratory Medicine .
By Greendale School the , anthrax perp was cute being , as just Yazid was Sufaat being cute naming in lab his Green Medicine Laboratory .
"Dale" means "river valley."
" Dale means " " valley river . "
" " Dale means river " valley . "
Greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e., Cairo's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group.
Likely greendale refers to river green valley - - i . e . Cairo , ' s Egyptian Islamic Jihad the or Group Islamic .
Greendale likely to refers river green valley - - i . e . , ' Cairo Islamic s or Egyptian Jihad the Islamic Group .
The sender probably is announcing that he is of either Egyptian Islamic Jihad, Egyptian Islamic Group or Jihad-al Qaeda, which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda.
Sender the is probably announcing that is he of either Egyptian Islamic Jihad , Egyptian Islamic Group Jihad or - al Qaeda , is which actually full the name of the group after the merger the of Egyptian Islamic and Jihad al Qaeda .
The is sender probably announcing that is he of either Islamic Egyptian Jihad Egyptian , Islamic Group or Jihad - al Qaeda , which is actually the full of name the after group the of Egyptian merger the Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda .
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained, recruits would wear green uniforms, except for Friday when they were washed.
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for Friday when they were washed .
The at complex Darunta where jihadis trained recruits , would green wear , uniforms except for Friday when they washed were .
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise.
A in Messenger Hadith the of Allah explains that the of souls the are in martyrs the hearts of birds green that fly wherever please in they the Paradise .
In a Hadith Messenger the of Allah explains that the souls the of martyrs are in hearts the green of fly birds that wherever they please the in Paradise .
As to opportunity, though seldom reported, there is a wealth of "open source" information about possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Egyptian Islamic Group in the United States and Canada.
To as , opportunity though seldom reported , there is a of wealth " open source " information possible about Qaeda Al or Egyptian Islamic or Jihad Egyptian Islamic the Group in United and States . Canada
As to , opportunity though seldom reported , there a is wealth of " open source " about information possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Islamic Group in the Egyptian United States Canada and .
The public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought.
Public information the mostly to relates suspected those sleepers who have been detained who or are large at and are being sought .
The public information mostly relates those to who suspected sleepers been have detained or who are large at and are sought being .
Zawahiri's mission in the United States in 1995 was to do spadework for terrorism, not fundraising for charitable causes.
Zawahiri ' s mission in States the United 1995 in was to spadework do for terrorism , not fundraising causes for charitable .
Zawahiri ' s mission in United the States 1995 in was to do spadework terrorism for , fundraising not for charitable causes .
He traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed.
He traveled alias an under and by was accompanied a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed .
He traveled an under and alias was accompanied by a former US sergeant Ali Army named Mohammed .
What mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet?
Mosques exactly what did they visit and who they did meet ?
Exactly what mosques they did visit and who did they meet ?
Whatever your political persuasion, the FBI and CIA deserve our support.
Political whatever your persuasion , the FBI and CIA our deserve support .
Whatever your persuasion political , the FBI and deserve our CIA support .
We are, after all, in this together.
Are we , after all , this together in .
We are , after all , in this . together
First, the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second-guess (or even know) what the FBI is doing.
, first the of nature such an investigation is that lack we information sufficient second to - ( guess even know or ) what the FBI is doing .
, first the nature of an is investigation such that we sufficient lack information to second - guess ( or know even ) what the is FBI doing .
Media reports are a poor approximation of reality because of the lack of good sources.
Reports media are poor a approximation reality of because of the of lack good sources .
Media reports are poor a approximation of because reality of the lack good of . sources
Second, hindsight is 20/20.
Second , hindsight 20 is 20 / .
Second , is hindsight / 20 20 .
Third, with the "new age" Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. in charge of the investigation, it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security.
Third with , " the new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr . in charge the of investigation , is it likely not we do could in better the striking appropriate between balance due process and national . security
Third , with the new age " " Efrem , Zimbalist . Jr in charge of the investigation , it is not we likely could do better striking in the appropriate between balance due and process national security .
Finally, the "Hatfill theory" seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor.
Finally , the " Hatfill theory " seems to have been exhausted or at least public lost favor .
Finally , the " Hatfill theory seems " to been have exhausted or at lost least public favor .
The "Hatfill theory" accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious.
The Hatfill " theory " Dr accusing . Hatfill Stephen was always dubious highly .
The Hatfill " " theory accusing Dr . Stephen was Hatfill always highly . dubious
The suspicion was founded on many false premises, and there was no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt.
The suspicion founded was on many false premises , and there was reliable no publicly known evidence his indicating . guilt
Suspicion the was on founded many false premises , and there was no reliable known publicly evidence indicating guilt his .
The FBI's fixation on Hatfill (at least as rumored by some reporters) may have stemmed from a warning by one Senator that careers hung in the balance.
FBI the ' s on Hatfill fixation ( at least as by rumored some reporters have ) may stemmed from warning a by one Senator that careers hung in the balance .
The FBI ' on s fixation Hatfill at ( as least rumored some by reporters ) may have from stemmed a by warning one Senator careers that hung the in balance .
Leahy's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right-winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted.
Leahy ' s chief of staff apparently started with the strong that predisposition some right - winger was because involved two liberal had been democrats targeted .
Leahy ' s of chief apparently started staff with strong the predisposition that some right - winger was involved because liberal two had democrats been targeted .
The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7/24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit.
Hatfill the theory - - include to ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by surveillance 8 specialists - is - now subject the pending of civil rights and claims libel uncertain of merit .
The - Hatfill theory to - include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 by surveillance 8 surveillance specialists - is - now the subject pending of civil rights libel and of claims uncertain merit .
A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004.
A suit against the New York and Times columnist Nicholas Kristof was dismissed in late 2004 . November
Suit a against the New York and columnist Times Nicholas Kristof was late dismissed in November 2004 .
The judge had agreed to delay the civil rights matter from proceeding until at least October 2004.
Judge the agreed had to delay the civil rights from proceeding matter until at least 2004 October .
The judge had to agreed delay the civil rights from proceeding matter at until October least 2004 .
The judge, frustrated by the apparent lack of progress, encouraged that the parties reach a negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed (and the judge has directed that the government to file an Answer to the Complaint).
Judge the , by the frustrated lack apparent progress of , encouraged that the parties reach a negotiated compromise that permit would some limited to discovery ( proceed and the judge that has directed the government to file an Answer to the Complaint ) .
The judge , by frustrated apparent the lack of progress encouraged , the that parties reach a negotiated compromise would that permit some limited to discovery proceed ( and judge the has directed that government the to file Answer to an the Complaint ) .
The Hatfill Theory ironically might best be understood as an Al Qaeda theory, with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances.
Hatfill the Theory ironically might best be understood as an Qaeda Al , theory with coincidental a connection Malaysian to adding the circumstances other .
Hatfill ironically the Theory might best be understood as an Al Qaeda , with theory a coincidental connection Malaysian adding to other the circumstances .
Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion, it is only fair that the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr. Hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case.
Given regrettable that the leaks he was under suspicion , it is only the fair that FBI with leak enthusiasm equal the that fact Dr . Hatfill has now dropped been as a suspect if and when that to proves be the case .
Given regrettable the leaks that he under was it suspicion , is only the fair that FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr . has Hatfill now dropped been a as suspect if and when that proves to be case the .
A search of Dr. Ken Berry's residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory.
A search of Dr Ken . ' Berry residences s likely will about just prove the last gasp a of biodefense insider theory .
Of a search Dr Ken . Berry ' s residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory .
Senior officials have been quoted in the press as saying that the searches were for the purpose of excluding him as much as including him.
Have senior officials quoted been in the press as saying that the searches were the for purpose excluding of as much him as including him .
Senior have officials been quoted in the press as saying that were the searches for the purpose of excluding as him him much as including .
Maureen,
, maureen
, maureen
Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets (August Board meeting) one more time before I forward it to you.
Andre is going to look over list curves the of needed for the global assets ( Board August meeting one ) more before time I forward to it you .
Is andre going to look over list the curves of needed for the global assets ( August Board meeting ) one time before more forward I to it you .
He will make sure that we do not request FX and inflation (CPI,PPI, etc.) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed.
He make will sure we that do not request inflation FX and ( CPI , PPI , etc . ) curves when only one of the will curves actually be used in valuation the process and to which determine is inflation index . needed
He make sure will we that do not request FX and ( inflation CPI , PPI etc , . ) curves one when only of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process to and which determine inflation index is . needed
Typically, we receive both FX and inflation from you, but both curves may not always be used.
Typically , we receive both FX inflation and you from , both but curves may not be always used .
Typically , we both receive and inflation FX you from , but both may curves not always used be .
I hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests.
I hope that we can give time you some savings by eliminating any . nonessential requests
I hope that can we give you time some savings by any nonessential eliminating requests .
For now, this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX and/or inflation curves.
For now , this is the list of countries for we which will probably need the FX and / curves or . inflation
For now , this is list the of countries for which we need will probably the and FX / or inflation curves .
I will send the specifics per Andre later today.
Will I the send per specifics Andre later today .
Will I send the specifics per Andre later today .
India
India
India
Philippines
Philippines
Philippines
Bolivia
Bolivia
Bolivia
Jamaica
Jamaica
Jamaica
Guatemala
Guatemala
Guatemala
Venezuela
Venezuela
Venezuela
Columbia
Columbia
Columbia
Puerto Rico CPI only (I need historical inflation data, as well)
Puerto Rico CPI ( only need I inflation data historical , as well )
Puerto Rico only CPI ( I inflation need historical data , well as )
Panama
Panama
Panama
Brazil we have current data already
Brazil we current have data already
We brazil have current data already
China we have current data already
We china have current data already
China we have current already data
Euro inflation only
Inflation euro only
Inflation euro only
I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting/IV group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already.
Am I certain not about the needs for the London Underwriting / group IV but request will information from the them you if have not done already so .
Am I not certain about the needs for the Underwriting London / IV but group will the request information from them if you have not so done . already
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
Cindy
Cindy
Cindy
David and Cindy,
David Cindy and ,
And david Cindy ,
Please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the August Board meeting.
Please us send list the the of curves that you will need revalue to our international assets for August the meeting Board .
Send please the us list of the curves that you will need revalue our to international for assets the August meeting Board .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Maureen
Maureen
Maureen
Philip,
, philip
, philip
I have to decline the invitation with regrets.
I to have the decline invitation with regrets .
I have to the decline invitation regrets with .
I have too many commitments right now.
I have many commitments too right now .
I have many too commitments now right .
Vince Kaminski
Kaminski vince
Kaminski vince
Dear Vince
Vince dear
Vince dear
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk 2001 Australia, which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001.
Just a quick to follow message up on the email that I recently sent you you to inviting speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is place taking in Sydney on 20 & August 21 2001 .
A just message quick to up follow the on email that I sent you recently inviting you speak to at our forthcoming , congress Risk 2001 Australia which , is taking in place Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .
Have you had an opportunity to consider the invitation yet?
Have you had an opportunity consider invitation to the yet ?
Have you an had opportunity to consider the invitation yet ?
We are aiming to have the programme printed next week, so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year's congress.
We are aiming have the to printed programme week next , so I would really to know need as soon as possible if would you be available to speak at this year ' congress s .
We are aiming have to programme the next printed week , would so I really need know to as as soon possible if you would be available to speak this at year ' s congress .
I am working from our Hong Kong office for this week only (Tel: +852 2545 2710), and I can be contacted by phone there or by email.
I am working from Hong our Kong office week for this only Tel ( : + 852 2545 ) 2710 , and I be can contacted phone by or there by . email
I am working from our Hong Kong this office for week only ( Tel : + 852 2545 2710 ) and , can I contacted be phone by there by or email .
Kind regards.
Regards kind .
Kind . regards
Philip
Philip
Philip
Philip Annesley Conference Producer Risk Waters Group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
Annesley philip Conference Risk Producer Waters + Group 44 20 7484 + 9866 20 44 7484 9800 www . - risk conferences com . / risk2001aus
Annesley philip Conference Producer Waters Risk Group + 44 20 7484 9866 + 20 44 9800 . 7484 www - risk conferences . com / risk2001aus
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30.
Has made beth our reservations for Friday the Round Table night ( 5 / at 18 ) Sullivan ' s Steak House for 6 : . 30
Has beth made our for reservations the Round night Table Friday ( 5 18 / ) Sullivan at ' s Steak House 6 for 30 : .
See you all there - this is ling overdue
See you all there - this ling overdue is
See all you there - this is overdue ling
Paula
Paula
Paula
Paula,
, paula
, paula
Thanks a lot.
Thanks lot a .
A thanks lot .
Will you drive on that day?
You will on drive that day ?
Drive will you on that day ?
Vince
Vince
Vince
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30.
Beth made has reservations our for Round the Friday Table night ( 5 / 18 ) Sullivan at ' Steak s for House 6 : . 30
Has made beth reservations our the for Table Round night Friday ( 5 / 18 ) Sullivan at ' s Steak for House 6 : 30 .
See you all there - this is ling overdue
See all you there this - is ling overdue
See you all - there this is overdue ling
Paula
Paula
Paula
FYI
FYI
FYI
Vince
Vince
Vince
Anne, Mike will call you regarding Sarah.
Anne , Mike call will you Sarah regarding .
Anne Mike , will you call regarding Sarah .
Vince,
, vince
, vince
As I mentioned in my voice mail, Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody, a recent MBA grad from Rice, into his group.
Mentioned as I in my voice mail Mike , going to Roberts hire Woody Sara , recent a MBA grad Rice from , into his group .
I as mentioned in my mail voice , Roberts Mike going to hire Sara Woody , a recent grad MBA from Rice , into his group .
However, when we were talking about this position, Mike compared Sara to Elena.
However , we when were talking this about position , compared Mike to Sara Elena .
However , when were we talking about this position , Mike compared to Sara Elena .
Elena's title is admin coordinator, and I know that Sara should not have this title, and honestly do not think that Elena should also.
' elena s title is admin coordinator and , know I that Sara not should have this title and , do honestly think not Elena that should also .
Elena ' s is title coordinator admin , I and know Sara that should not have title this , and honestly do not think that Elena should . also
Admin coordinator's do primarily administrative work.
Coordinator admin s ' do primarily administrative work .
Coordinator admin ' s primarily do administrative work .
I suggest that you compare Elena and Sarah's duties/ level to other Sr. Spec. in your group such as Kenneth Parkhill and Sevil to determine if they are equivalent, or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad.
Suggest I that you Elena compare Sarah and ' s duties / to level other Sr . Spec . in your group as such Kenneth Parkhill Sevil and to determine if they are equivalent , or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad .
I that suggest you compare Elena Sarah and ' s duties / level other to Sr Spec . . in group your such Kenneth as Parkhill and Sevil to determine if are they equivalent , or if of their scope and responsibilities experience is not as broad .
If the latter is the case, we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33-66K).
If the latter is case the , we could place Sara both a and Elena in specialist job group the ( salary range is - 66K 33 ) .
If latter the is the , case we could place both Sara and Elena in a job specialist group the ( salary range is 33 - 66K ) .
Please advise.
Advise please .
Advise please .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Anne
Anne
Anne
Clayton,
, clayton
, clayton
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a . lot
A thanks lot .
I appreciate all your help.
Appreciate I all your help .
I all appreciate your help .
Vince
Vince
Vince
Vince-
- vince
- vince
Good news.
News good .
News good .
Martin's box is working wonderfully- I'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday.
Martin ' box is s working - wonderfully I ' have ll everything transferred to it give and him keys by the Friday .
' martin s is box working wonderfully - I ' have ll everything transferred to and it give the him by keys . Friday
This was (another) nice deal for Enron.
This was another ( ) deal nice Enron for .
This was ( another ) deal Enron nice for .
We save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone.
Save we $ 21 , 000 real in this way money , the refund cash is Sun giving for Enron our other server , using a box that wasn ' t being by used anyone .
We save $ 21 , 000 in real money this way the cash , refund Sun is giving Enron our other for server , using a box that ' wasn t being used by . anyone
I'm happy about this.
' I happy m about this .
I m ' happy about . this
Clayton
Clayton
Clayton
Iris,
, iris
, iris
Congratulations.
. congratulations
. congratulations
Anne, please, include this info in Iris' file
Please anne , , this include info in Iris ' file
Anne , please this , include info Iris in ' file
Vince
Vince
Vince
Michael:
: michael
: michael
Thanks for putting the paperwork together.
For thanks putting paperwork the together .
For thanks putting paperwork the together .
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have access to now.
I would have interest in meeting if you can present investment that unique opportunities I don ' t access have now . to
I would have interest in meeting you if present can investment unique opportunities I that don ' t access have now to .
Most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund, telling me to invest in Home Depot, Sun, and Coke, or trying to pass off their banks' biased research reports as something valuable.
Of most contact my with financial advisors in past the has consisted of them suggesting mutual a fund , telling me to invest in Depot Home Sun , , and Coke , or trying to pass off their banks ' biased reports research as something . valuable
Of most my contact with financial advisors the in past consisted has of them suggesting a mutual fund telling , to me invest in Home , Depot Sun , and Coke , or trying off to pass banks their ' biased reports research as something valuable .
The above services provide no value to me personally.
The services provide above no value me to personally .
Above the services value provide no to me personally .
If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds, or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P, I'd listen.
If you can present opportunities as such access private equity to funds or hedge , or other ideas with strong potential growth and correlation low to the S @ , P I ' d listen .
If you can opportunities present as such access to private equity hedge or funds , or other ideas strong with growth and potential correlation low to the S @ , P I d ' listen .
John
John
John
John -
- john
- john
We'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options.
Ll we ' get the paperwork together and sent you to for options naked .
We ' get ll paperwork the sent together and to you for naked options .
At some point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close?
At some I point , ' d like talk about to the strategy diversification in more detail - perhaps - over dinner or quick a meeting the after markets ? close
At some point , I ' d talk like to about the diversification in strategy more - detail - perhaps over dinner a or quick after meeting the close markets ?
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber, Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax: 713-654-1281 Cell: 281-435-0295
Gapinski Account michael Vice President Group Emery Financial PaineWebber , Inc . - 713 654 - 0365 - 800 553 - 3119 x365 : Fax 713 - 654 - 1281 Cell : 281 - - 435 0295
Michael Gapinski Vice Account Emery President Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc . - 713 654 - 0365 800 - 553 - 3119 x365 : 713 Fax - 654 - Cell : 1281 281 - 435 0295 -
Michael:
: michael
: michael
Appreciate the idea.
The appreciate idea .
The appreciate idea .
However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to really trade around the position.
, however with my natural long , I ' m not looking trade to really around the position .
However with my , natural long , ' I m not looking to really trade the around . position
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound, but in case it is not, I don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium.
I believe ENE will continue to range be bound , in case but it not is , don I ' t want forgo to 50 % my of option premium .
Believe I will ENE continue to be range bound but , in case it not , is don I ' t want to forgo 50 % of my premium option .
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy.
Have I targets price of where would I to like up lighten to exposure ENE will and use calls to implement the stategy .
I have price targets of where I would to like lighten exposure up ENE to and will use calls to implement the stategy .
To that regards, I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls.
To that regards , I noticed I not was to approved naked calls sell .
That to regards , I noticed I not was to approved sell calls naked .
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options.
I would like that ability to in order some hedge exposure I of have unexercised options vested .
I like would that ability order in hedge to exposure some have I of unexercised vested options .
Please look into that for me.
Please look that into me for .
Please into look for that me .
John.
. john
. john
John -
- john
- john
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold.
Looking I was at the recent pullback ENE and in thinking it might be an opportunity buy to back the calls you sold .
Was I looking at the in recent pullback and thinking ENE it might be an opportunity to buy calls back the you sold .
Of course, you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce.
Course of , you would be in then a position to sell calls if again stock the a makes bounce .
Course of , would you then a be in position to sell calls if again the stock a makes bounce .
I'm not sure that ENE @ 75 is the place, but maybe @ 73.
' I not m sure that ENE @ 75 is the place , but maybe 73 @ .
' I m sure not that ENE 75 @ is place the but , maybe @ 73 .
Call me if you're interested.
Call me you if ' re . interested
Me call you if ' re interested .
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber, Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax: 713-654-1281 Cell: 281-435-0295
Gapinski michael Account President Vice Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , 713 Inc . - 654 - 0365 - 800 553 - 3119 Fax : x365 713 654 - - 1281 Cell : - 281 435 0295 -
Michael Gapinski Account Vice Emery President Financial PaineWebber , Group Inc 713 . 654 - - 0365 800 - 553 x365 - 3119 Fax : 713 - 654 - 1281 Cell : 281 - - 435 0295
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Regarding notice Entry Orders of and : Instructions do Please not orders transmit and / instructions or regarding PaineWebber your account ( s ) e by - mail .
Notice Regarding of Entry and Orders Instructions : do Please not orders transmit and or / regarding instructions your PaineWebber account ( ) s e by - mail .
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions.
Orders and or / instructions transmitted by e - mail not be will accepted by and PaineWebber PaineWebber will not responsible be carrying for out such and orders / or instructions .
And orders / or instructions e transmitted by - mail will not accepted be by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will be not responsible for carrying such out orders / and or instructions .
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
Regarding notice Privacy and Confidentiality : reserves PaineWebber the right to monitor and the review content e of all mail - communications sent and / or received by employees its .
Regarding Privacy notice Confidentiality and : PaineWebber reserves the right monitor to and review the of content e all - mail sent and communications / or received its by employees .
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Regarding notice Entry of and Instructions Orders : Please do not transmit and orders / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account s ( ) by e mail - .
Entry notice Regarding Orders of and Instructions : Please do transmit not orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber ( account s ) by - e mail .
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions.
And orders / or instructions by e transmitted - be mail will not accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible carrying out for such orders and / instructions or .
Orders and or / instructions by transmitted e - mail will not be by accepted PaineWebber PaineWebber and will be not responsible out carrying for such and orders / or instructions .
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
Privacy notice Regarding and Confidentiality : PaineWebber the reserves to right monitor and the review of content e all - mail communications sent and / received or its by employees .
Regarding notice Privacy and Confidentiality : PaineWebber reserves the to right and monitor the review content of all e - mail communications sent and or / by its received employees .
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Notice Regarding of Entry Orders Instructions and Please : not do transmit orders and / or regarding instructions PaineWebber your account ( ) s e by - mail .
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Please Instructions : do not transmit orders and / instructions or regarding your account PaineWebber ( s ) e by mail - .
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions.
Orders and or / transmitted by instructions e - mail will not be accepted PaineWebber by and PaineWebber will be responsible not for carrying out such orders / and instructions . or
Orders / and or transmitted instructions e by - mail not will be accepted PaineWebber and by PaineWebber not will responsible be for carrying out such orders and / instructions or .
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
Regarding notice Privacy and Confidentiality : reserves PaineWebber the to right and monitor the content review all of e - mail communications and sent / received or by its employees .
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality : reserves PaineWebber monitor the right to and the review of content e all - mail communications and sent / or received by employees its .
Who cares??????
? who cares ? ? ? ? ?
Who cares ? ? ? ? ? ?
Please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to Sean.Cooper@ElPaso.com
Please note effective that immediately my email address has Sean changed to . @ Cooper ElPaso com .
Please note that effective immediately my email address changed has to Sean Cooper . @ ElPaso com .
He just rescheduled to Wednesday.
He just to rescheduled Wednesday .
He just rescheduled Wednesday to .
How about dinner on Wednesday after that ?
How dinner about on Wednesday after ? that
How about on Wednesday dinner after that ?
Your buddy Beau invited me.
Your buddy Beau me invited .
Your buddy Beau me invited .
How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday.
About how prior to that or on after that Tuesday .
How about to prior that or after that on Tuesday .
not really...
Really not . . .
Really not . . .
already have plans on thursday .
Have already plans on thursday .
have already plans on thursday .
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
are you going to NYMEX the candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?
are you going to NYMEX the cocktail candidate Tuesday hour ?
oh god is there an agenda.
god oh there is an agenda .
oh god there is agenda an .
Would dinner Thursday work instead.
Dinner would Thursday work instead .
Would dinner Thursday instead work .
not really...
really not . . .
not . really . .
already have plans on thursday .
already have on plans thursday .
already have on plans thursday .
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
are going you the to candidate NYMEX cocktail hour Tuesday ?
you are to going the NYMEX cocktail candidate hour Tuesday ?
oh god is there an agenda.
oh god is an there . agenda
God oh is an there agenda .
Wednesday doesn't work for me.
Wednesday doesn ' t for work . me
Wednesday doesn ' work t me for .
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.
How about Tuesday at ' s 3 : Houston 30 time .
How about Tuesday ' s at : 30 3 Houston . time
i completely agree.
i completely . agree
i agree completely .
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything.
I would like to have meeting a once a for week 1 - 2 hours all with 6 us of to just make we are sure moving and forward get to an update and anything and . everything
I would like to a have meeting once week a 1 for - hours 2 with all 6 of us to just make sure are we moving forward and an to get update and anything and everything .
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.
My only is concern that we take the away boys from their overwhelming task .
My only concern is we that the take boys from away their task overwhelming .
What do you guys think.
What you do guys think .
Do what you guys think .
John
John
John
OK.
. OK
. OK
I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday.
Will I have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday .
I will have to my move weekly to meeting . Tuesday
Monday's starting next week at 4???????????????
' monday starting next s at 4 ? week ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
' monday s next week starting at ? 4 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Wednesday doesn't work for me.
Wednesday doesn t ' for work me .
Doesn wednesday ' t for work me .
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.
How about Tuesday s ' 3 at : 30 time Houston .
How Tuesday about ' at s : 3 30 Houston time .
i completely agree.
i agree completely .
Completely I agree .
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything.
I would to like have meeting a once week a for 1 - hours 2 with all of 6 us just to make sure we are forward moving and to get an update and anything and everything .
I would like to have a meeting once week a for 1 - hours 2 with 6 of all us just to make sure we are forward moving and to get an and update anything and everything .
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.
My only concern is we that take boys the from away overwhelming their task .
My only is that concern we boys take the away from their overwhelming task .
What do you guys think.
What do you think guys .
What do guys you think .
John
John
John
Not yet.
Yet not .
Yet not .
Did you happen to sign your employment agreement?
Did you to sign happen your employment agreement ?
Did happen you sign to your employment agreement ?
Please respond to request below.
Please respond request to below .
Respond please to request below .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
John Lavorato has requested the attached report.
John Lavorato requested has the report attached .
John Lavorato has requested report the attached .
He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories- in particular, Real Time Traders.
He is concerned the about allocation amongst categories in - particular , Real . Time Traders
He is about concerned allocation the amongst - categories in particular , Real Traders Time .
If you would, please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening, if possible.
If would you , review please the entire list and me let if know you are in agreement the with presentation by evening , tomorrow if . possible
If you , would please review entire the list me and let know if are you agreement in with the by presentation tomorrow evening if , possible .
I'm at xif you have any questions.
' I m at xif you have any questions .
' I m at xif have you questions any .
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
I understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose Dean (which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k), we will end up hiring a replacement at 75-80k.
Understand I all those of comparisons , however , reality the if is lose we Dean ( we which will we if don ' pay t 65k 10k + ) , we will end up hiring a replacement at - 75 80k .
Understand of I those all comparisons , however , the reality is we if lose Dean ( which we if will we don ' t pay 65k + 10k ) , we will end up hiring a replacement at 75 - 80k .
This is pretty easy math for me.
This pretty is math easy for me .
This pretty is math easy for me .
I know it seems like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now.
Know I seems it like a stretch , the but market for traders hourly is very strong right now .
I know seems it a like stretch , but the market hourly for is traders very right strong . now
I would like to get this done ASAP.
I like would to get done this ASAP .
I would like this to get done ASAP .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
I am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent.
Reviewing I am the request for an employment renewal agreement on Dean Mark Laurent .
Am reviewing I the for an request employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent .
Juan communicated some numbers to me and when reviewing this request would like to ask you to consider the following:
Juan some communicated numbers to and me when reviewing request would this to like ask you to the consider following :
Communicated juan some numbers to me and when this reviewing request like would to ask you to the consider following :
Current Salary: $47,500
Salary current : 47 $ , 500
Current : Salary $ 47 500 ,
Job Group: Specialist
Job Group Specialist :
Group job : Specialist
YE PRC Rating: Satisfactory
PRC YE Rating : Satisfactory
PRC YE Rating : Satisfactory
Original Proposition:
Proposition original :
Proposition original :
Base Salary 65k
Base 65k Salary
Base 65k Salary
1 Year Agreement
Year 1 Agreement
Year 1 Agreement
$5,000 signing
$ 5 , signing 000
5 $ , 000 signing
Revised Proposal:
Proposal revised :
Proposal revised :
Base Salary: 55k
Base Salary 55k :
Salary base : 55k
1 Year agreement
1 agreement Year
1 agreement Year
$5,000 signing
$ 5 000 , signing
5 $ , 000 signing
Business Case: If we offered Dean 55k or 60k it would still constitute a over a $10,000 increase (approximately 25%) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level.
Case business If : offered we Dean 55k or 60k it still would constitute a over a $ 10 , 000 increase ( 25 approximately % and ) taking into consideration was he rated as at satisfactory the specialist level .
Case business : we If offered 55k Dean or 60k it would constitute still a a over $ 10 000 , increase ( approximately % 25 and ) taking consideration into he was rated satisfactory as at the specialist level .
Also, the top of the salary range for a specialist is 66k.
Also , top the of the salary range for specialist a is 66k .
Also , top the of the salary range specialist for a is . 66k
It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted.
It would still give him room to progress in the current group job he should not be . promoted
It would give still room him to progress in the current job group should he be not promoted .
Secondly, he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai.
Secondly , he will still out you price performers that have the in same job group that are excellent and strong respectively eg performers . Paul Thomas , Jason Choate DeCook , Todd and Peter Makkai .
, secondly he out will still price that performers have you in same the job group are that excellent strong and performers respectively eg . Paul Thomas , Jason Choate , Todd DeCook Makkai and Peter .
Salary Listing in Job Group:
Salary Listing in Group Job :
Listing salary in Job Group :
Maria Valdes superior $62,500
Maria Valdes $ superior 62 500 ,
Maria superior Valdes 62 $ , 500
Paul Thomas excellent $55,008
Thomas paul excellent $ , 55 008
Thomas paul excellent $ , 55 008
Jason Choate excellent $60,008
Jason Choate 60 excellent $ , 008
Jason excellent Choate $ 60 008 ,
Todd DeCook strong $42,008
DeCook todd strong 42 $ , 008
Strong todd DeCook $ 42 , 008
Peter Makkai strong $47,500
Peter Makkai strong 47 $ 500 ,
Peter Makkai $ strong 47 500 ,
Let me know your thoughts....then I will run it by Oxley.
Me know let your thoughts . . . then . will I it run by Oxley .
Me let know your thoughts . . . then I . run it will by Oxley .
Are we going to attend?
Are going we to attend ?
Are we going attend to ?
Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference Feb. 5-8, 2002, Miami, Florida
And transmission Expansion in Systems Transition Feb Conference . 5 - 8 , 2002 , , Miami Florida
Expansion transmission Systems in and Conference Transition . Feb 5 - 8 , 2002 , Miami , Florida
OVERVIEW
OVERVIEW
OVERVIEW
This conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC 's RTO initiatives.
This conference examine will the business and regulatory to challenges U . S . in electric transition systems in effectively expanding transmission capacity to new meet demands in the and larger more regional competitive markets under emerging FERC ' s RTO . initiatives
Conference this will examine the business and regulatory challenges to U S . . systems electric in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging FERC under ' RTO s . initiatives
The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them.
Conference the will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions them to .
Conference the will review parameters the these of challenges possible and solutions to them .
It will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion.
Will it examine technology options new and business for models transmission expansion .
It will technology options examine new and business models for transmission expansion .
It will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives to FERC's traditional pricing methods.
Will it analyze proposals emerging for effective transmission and planning pricing , market - including pricing based alternatives to FERC ' s traditional methods pricing .
It will analyze emerging proposals for transmission effective planning and pricing , including market pricing - alternatives based to FERC ' s traditional methods pricing .
The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system.
The will conference also discuss what it will take in legislative action regulatory and to initiative achieve an efficient regime for the ensuring that nation has a reliable and grid regional system . trading
Conference the also will what discuss it will in take legislative action and initiative regulatory to achieve an regime efficient for ensuring the that nation has reliable a grid and regional trading system .
The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below:<http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf> << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>
The for brochure and the Conference associated can be Workshops obtained by clicking on link the below : http < : / / www . euci . com pdf / / trans_expn . pdf > < < http : / / www . euci com . / pdf / trans_expn pdf . > >
Brochure the for the Conference and associated Workshops be can by obtained clicking on the below link : < : http / / www euci . . com / pdf trans_expn / . pdf > < < http : / / . www . euci / com pdf / trans_expn . pdf > >
Electricity Market Design Conference March 25-26, 2002, Atlanta, Georgia
Electricity Market Conference Design March 25 - , 26 2002 Atlanta , Georgia ,
Market Design electricity Conference March - 25 26 , 2002 , Atlanta Georgia ,
I need to check something in 969's 2000 tax return.
I need to something check 969 in ' s tax 2000 return .
I need to check something 969 in ' s 2000 tax return .
Who has the 2000 tax return file for 969?
Has the who 2000 tax return file 969 for ?
Has the who 2000 tax file return for 969 ?
Essie
Essie
Essie
Sonya City
City sonya
City sonya
07/30/2001 05:17 PM
07 / 30 / 05 2001 : PM 17
/ 07 30 / 2001 05 : PM 17
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
< Embedded ( Picture Independent Device Bitmap ) >
< Embedded Picture Device ( Bitmap Independent ) >
I think that this is for you since I don't know any of these people.
I that think this is for you since don I ' know t of these any people .
Think I that this is for since you don I ' any t know of these people .
WHO: Enron
: WHO Enron
: WHO Enron
WHAT: Happy Hour for John Suarez
WHAT : Happy Hour for John Suarez
: WHAT Hour Happy for John Suarez
WHEN: Today at 5pm
: WHEN Today at 5pm
WHEN Today : at 5pm
WHERE: The Front Porch 217 Gray St. (713) 571-9571
WHERE : The Front Porch St 217 Gray . ( 713 571 ) 9571 -
WHERE The : 217 Front Porch Gray St . ( ) 713 571 - 9571
WHY: Today is John's last day at EBS.
WHY Today is : John ' s day last at EBS .
WHY : Today is ' John last day s at EBS .
This is NOT an Enron-sponsored event.
This NOT is Enron an - sponsored event .
Is this an NOT Enron - sponsored event .
How do you feel about taking on another company?
How you do about feel taking on company another ?
How do you feel taking about on another company ?
Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world (see below).
And essie have Leon proposed xferring Co 1691 . to your ( world below see ) .
Essie Leon and proposed have xferring . Co 1691 your to world see ( below ) .
Do you concur?
Do concur you ?
Do concur you ?
Please let me know Monday morning.
Please let know Monday me morning .
Please me let know morning Monday .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Vicsandra
Vicsandra
Vicsandra
If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should be helpful.
If you have not made already these decisions , s Essie ' should be guidance helpful .
You if have not made already decisions these , Essie ' s guidance be should . helpful
Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774
Lee patty Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774
Patty Lee Corporate Tax EB1774 x35172
Please see my comments in red below.
Please my see comments in below red .
Please see comments my red in below .
Essie
Essie
Essie
Essie,
, essie
, essie
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
You can recommend where companies these each fit within the new ? organization
You can recommend these where companies each fit within new the organization ?
If possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5?
Possible , if can also you give indication of an the rank - 1 through 5 ?
If possible , you can give also an indication of the 1 rank - 5 through ?
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Patty
Patty
Patty
I have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a group.
I have a few entities that may need to or change groups be assigned a to group .
I have a entities few that need may groups to change or be assigned a to group .
18T - EI Indonesia Operations LLC
18T EI - Indonesia Operations LLC
18T - EI Indonesia LLC Operations
This entity is not in TIS, SAP, nor Hyperion.
This is entity not TIS in , SAP , nor . Hyperion
This entity is not in TIS , , SAP nor Hyperion .
The 2000 tax return has no income, assets, or liabilities.
2000 the return tax has income no , assets , or liabilities .
2000 the tax return has income no , assets , or . liabilities
There is a corporate data sheet for this company, but this entity seems to have been inactive since it's creation.
There a is corporate sheet data this for , company this but entity to seems have inactive been since it ' s creation .
Is there a data sheet for corporate this company , entity but this seems have to been inactive since it ' s creation .
86M - Enron Net Works LLC
- 86M Enron Net Works LLC
86M - Net Enron Works LLC
Despite the name, this entity appears to be a MTM company.
Despite the name this , entity appears be to MTM a company .
The despite name this , entity appears to be a company MTM .
Per September financials, this company has about $3M of MTM and about $8K of expenses, nothing else.
Per September financials , this has company $ about 3M and of MTM about $ 8K of , expenses else nothing .
Per financials September this , has company about 3M $ of MTM about and $ 8K expenses of , nothing else .
The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS, and did not get assigned during the reorg.
Next the 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS , and not did assigned get the reorg . during
The next 5 companies were responsibility my while in EBS , did and get not assigned during reorg the .
80Y - Enron Broadband Acquisition, Inc.
- Enron 80Y Broadband Acquisition , Inc .
80Y Enron - Broadband Acquisition , . Inc
This entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications (now Enron WarpSpeed Services, Inc. 83N), and then dissolved upon completion of merger.
This entity was in 2000 created for the of acquistion WarpSpeed Communications now ( Enron Services WarpSpeed , Inc . 83N ) , upon and then completion dissolved of merger .
This was entity created in 2000 for acquistion the WarpSpeed Communications of ( Enron now Services WarpSpeed , Inc . 83N ) , and then dissolved upon completion of . merger
Company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities, but no I/S items.
Company is around with a amount of small assets and liabilities , I but no / items S .
Is company around a with amount small of assets and liabilities , but no I / S items .
83N is my responsibility.
is 83N my responsibility .
83N is responsibility my .
I think this entity should stay with 83N.
I this think entity stay should with 83N .
I think this should entity stay 83N with .
So I suggest it be assigned to Leon.
So I suggest it assigned be to . Leon
So I suggest it assigned be to . Leon
It should be 4 - easy.
It should be - 4 . easy
Should it be 4 easy - .
1579 - EBS Network Co. Division of 17H.
- 1579 Co EBS Network . Division of 17H .
1579 - EBS Network . Co Division 17H . of
This one should possibly be assigned to Networks & Services group.
This should possibly one be assigned to Networks Services & group .
Should this one possibly be to assigned Networks & Services group .
Not currently on our list of companies.
Not currently on our list of companies .
Currently not on our list companies of .
I think this could go to either Holding/Administrative Companies (Same as 17H) or Network & Services (Leon).
Think I this to could go Holding / either Administrative Companies ( Same as 17H or ) Network & Services ( ) Leon .
I think could this go to Holding either / Companies Administrative ( Same as ) 17H or Network & Services ( ) Leon .
4 - easy.
- 4 easy .
- 4 easy .
1691 - EPI-EBS Europe
1691 - EPI EBS - Europe
1691 EPI - - EBS Europe
Set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities.
Up set last month to centralize merchant asset activities .
Set last up month to merchant centralize activities asset .
Broke out the activities of 1179.
Broke the out of activities 1179 .
Broke the out of activities 1179 .
A similar entity (1179) was assigned to Commodity and Trade (Todd Richards and Mary Fischer) so this one should be assigned to them as well.
Similar entity a ( ) was 1179 assigned to Commodity and Trade ( Todd Richards and Mary Fischer so ) this should one be assigned to well as them .
A similar entity ( was 1179 ) assigned to Commodity Trade and ( Todd Richards and Mary ) Fischer this so one should be to assigned them well as .
4 - easy.
4 easy - .
4 easy - .
1307 - EBIC-Apache, LLC
1307 EBIC - - , Apache LLC
- 1307 - EBIC Apache , LLC
Rolls up to Cherokee Finance VOF, a CFC.
Rolls up to Cherokee Finance VOF a , CFC .
Rolls up Finance to Cherokee VOF a , CFC .
Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker).
Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned North to ( America Glen Walloch Kevin Walker and ) .
Finance cherokee VOF assigned is to North America ( Glen Walloch and ) Kevin Walker .
Maybe this one should also go to them as the only tax which may have to be provided would be foreign tax.
Maybe this one should also go to them the as only tax which may have be to provided be would foreign . tax
Maybe this one also should go to them the as only which tax may have to be provided would be tax foreign .
4 - easy.
4 - . easy
- 4 easy .
1689 - EPI-EBS Ventures, LLC
- 1689 - EPI EBS Ventures , LLC
1689 - EBS EPI - Ventures , LLC
Set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities.
Set up last to month centralize asset merchant . activities
Up set last to month centralize merchant activities asset .
Broke out the activities of 1307.
Broke out the activities of 1307 .
Broke out the activities of 1307 .
Same as 1307.
Same 1307 as .
As same 1307 .
It should be assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker).
It should to be assigned North America Glen ( Walloch and Kevin ) Walker .
Should it be assigned North to America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .
4 - easy.
- 4 easy .
- 4 easy .
Let me know if you have any questions.
Me let if know you have any questions .
Me let know if have you any questions .
Leon Branom Senior Tax Analyst Networks and Services (713) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com
Leon Branom Tax Senior Analyst Networks Services and ( 713 ) 345 - office 8702 leon . @ branom enron . com
Branom leon Senior Analyst Tax Networks and Services ( 713 345 ) - office 8702 leon . branom enron @ com .
No problem about moving Company 1691 over
No problem about Company 1691 moving over
Problem no about Company moving 1691 over
I see that it is a 4, so that will be no problem.
I that see it a is , 4 so that will no be problem .
I see it that is a 4 , will so that be problem no .
How do you feel about taking on another company?
Do how feel you about taking another on company ?
Do you how feel about taking on another ? company
Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world (see below).
Essie and Leon have proposed Co xferring . to 1691 your world ( below see ) .
Essie and Leon have xferring proposed Co . 1691 to world ( your see below ) .
Do you concur?
Do concur you ?
Do concur you ?
Please let me know Monday morning.
Please let me know Monday morning .
Let please me Monday know morning .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Vicsandra
Vicsandra
Vicsandra
If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should be helpful.
If you have made not already these decisions Essie , ' guidance s should helpful be .
If you have not made already these decisions , Essie ' s should be guidance helpful .
Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774
Patty Lee Corporate Tax EB1774 x35172
Patty Lee Tax Corporate x35172 EB1774
Please see my comments in red below.
Please comments see my in red below .
Please my see comments in below red .
Essie
Essie
Essie
Essie,
, essie
, essie
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
Can you recommend where these companies fit each within the new organization ?
You can recommend where these companies fit each within new the organization ?
If possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5?
Possible if , you can also give of an indication the - rank 1 through 5 ?
If possible can , you also give an indication rank of the - 1 through 5 ?
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Patty
Patty
Patty
Virginia,
, virginia
, virginia
Hello.
. hello
. hello
I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph.
I was originally inquiring purchasing about Cross or a Signac impressionist lithograph .
I was inquiring originally purchasing about a Cross or impressionist Signac lithograph .
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London, William Weston.
I found them and both purchased from gallery a in London , William Weston .
I found them and both purchased a gallery from in London , Weston William .
They should be delivered this week.
They should be delivered this week .
They be should delivered week this .
They are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection.
Are they beautiful and will add lot a our to collection .
They are beautiful and will a add lot to our collection .
By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent.
By the way the Lichtenstein is up hanging and in our formal room and living it is magnificent .
By the the way Lichtenstein is up hanging in and our formal living room and is magnificent it .
I have also purchased an Appel in the last month.
I have also purchased an in Appel last the . month
I have purchased also an Appel the in last . month
I am interested in several artists.
I interested am several in artists .
I interested am in artists several .
Actually, a lot.
Actually , a . lot
, actually a lot .
I will be looking for one or more of the following.
Will I looking be for one or of more the following .
I looking will be one for or more of the following .
My concept is that overtime I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like.
My concept is that overtime would I like to own of one all the following artists they and are all when depending find I something that we really like .
Concept my that is overtime would I like to own one all of following the and artists they are all depending when I find something really that like we .
I listed all of our (sometimes mine vs. my wife's favorites and priorities).
I listed all of our sometimes mine ( vs . wife my ' favorites s and ) priorities .
Listed I all of our ( sometimes mine vs . wife my ' s favorites priorities and ) .
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it.
They are kind of in order rank as but I stated if I the find piece that like we I purchase it will .
Are they kind of in rank but order as stated I find if I the piece that I like will we it purchase .
I want signed and numbered.
I want and signed numbered .
I signed want and numbered .
I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision.
I realize some that were by not signed the artist it but is an important fact in my buying decision .
I that realize some not were signed the by artist but it is an important in fact my buying decision .
I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive.
I also realize that some may not have done any on works paper or they are outrageously expensive .
I also realize that may some not have done works any on paper they or are outrageously expensive .
For example, I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper.
For example , I like would to know if Rothko Kline or did any on work paper .
For example , would I know like to if Rothko or Kline any did on work paper .
At least that is what I am thinking now.
Least at that is what thinking I am now .
At least that is what I thinking am now .
Bonnard (colorful only)
Bonnard ( colorful ) only
( bonnard colorful only )
Lautrec
Lautrec
Lautrec
Suerat (any works on paper? -
( suerat works any on paper ? -
Suerat ( works any on ? paper -
I don't know that he did any)
I don t ' that know he any did )
Don I ' t know did that he any )
Other impressionist or post impressionist lithos
Other impressionist post or impressionist lithos
Other impressionist or post lithos impressionist
Braque
Braque
Braque
Moore
Moore
Moore
Arp
Arp
Arp
Rouault
Rouault
Rouault
Modrian
Modrian
Modrian
Rothko
Rothko
Rothko
Kline
Kline
Kline
Motherwell
Motherwell
Motherwell
By the way, I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso (although we have 2) that your gallery had a couple of years ago.
The by way , I re am interested in - looking at ( a Picasso we although have ) 2 that your gallery had couple a of years ago .
By the , way I am interested re in - looking a at ( Picasso we although 2 have ) that your gallery had a of couple years ago .
It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a "push wa" (pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling).
It was a cubist from piece the and 1920s believe I you called the technique " a push wa " ( pronunciation Vs an at the attempt proper ) spelling .
It was cubist a from piece the 1920s and I believe you called technique the " a wa push " pronunciation ( Vs an attempt at the proper ) spelling .
It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $20,000.
Was it for sale in a couple of in galleries SF and was about $ 20 000 , .
Was it sale for in a couple of in galleries and SF was about $ 20 000 , .
Is there 1 available?
There is 1 available ?
Is 1 there available ?
Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one.
Am also I still thinking the about we Matisse discussed before as but you can see , have a I lot of other artists I am interested and in it may on remain the back burner because we have already one .
I am also still thinking the about Matisse we discussed but before as you can see I , have a of lot other artists I interested am in and it remain may on the burner back because already we have one .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
mike
mike
mike
Huskers drool over Sooners.
Huskers drool Sooners over .
Huskers drool Sooners over .
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Ken Rice @ COMMUNICATIONS ENRON
Ken Rice @ COMMUNICATIONS ENRON
01/19/2001 09:14 AM
/ 01 19 / 2001 09 : AM 14
/ 01 / 19 2001 09 : 14 AM
Huskers rule, Sooners drool.
Huskers rule , Sooners . drool
Huskers rule , Sooners . drool
Mike McConnell@ECT
McConnell mike @ ECT
McConnell mike @ ECT
01/19/01 07:55 AM
01 / 19 / : 01 07 55 AM
01 19 / / 01 07 : AM 55
Thanks for the note.
Thanks for the . note
For thanks the note .
Sooners rule.
Sooners . rule
Rule sooners .
We'll find time when things settle down.
' we ll time find when settle things down .
We ' ll find when things time settle . down
m
m
m
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Ken @ Rice ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Ken Rice ENRON @ COMMUNICATIONS
01/19/2001 07:24 AM
01 / 19 / 2001 : 07 AM 24
01 19 / / 2001 07 24 : AM
Mike
Mike
Mike
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today.
See I that we are scheduled lunch to have today .
I see that are scheduled we to lunch have today .
I may have to postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning.
Have I may postpone to again , I ll ' let you know this later morning .
I may to have again postpone , I ' ll you let later this know morning .
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch.
Am I out all weekend and have we to have the comments final on Analyst the Presentation in by sunday so night may be I working lunch over .
I am all out weekend and have to have we the final the comments on Analyst in Presentation by night sunday so I may be working over lunch .
Actually, I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if I have to cancel.
Actually , think I we in are good shape pretty so will I probably be doing lunch but just don t ' be too mad if I to have cancel .
, actually think I we are pretty in good so shape I probably will doing be lunch but just don ' t too be mad if I have to cancel .
Ken
Ken
Ken
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games (when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport (I can't remember the name of it)) I realized he is a very, very sick college football fan.
Your brother PS told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when I out found that of two them were galleryfurniture the . bowl com and that one in Shreveport ( I can ' t remember the name of it ) I ) realized he is a very very , sick college football fan .
PS Your told brother me went he to 3 bowl games ( when I found out two that of them the were galleryfurniture . com bowl and that in one Shreveport ( I can t ' the name remember of it ) ) he I realized is a very , very sick college football fan .
Jeff, here is the intial draft.
Jeff here , is the intial . draft
Jeff , here the is draft intial .
Please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary.
Please leave as a word document and make any changes that and additions you think . necessary
Please as a leave word and document make any and changes that additions you think necessary .
I haven't even changed the wording after I first put it down.
I ' haven t changed even wording the after I put first it down .
I t haven ' even the changed wording after first I put it down .
Mike
Mike
Mike
Mark, I thought you would enjoy the comment about you.
, mark I you thought would enjoy the comment about . you
Mark I , you thought would the enjoy comment about you .
m
m
m
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Rice ken @ ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Ken @ Rice ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
01/19/2001 07:24 AM
/ 01 19 / 07 2001 : 24 AM
01 / / 19 2001 07 : AM 24
Mike
Mike
Mike
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today.
See I we that are to scheduled have lunch today .
See I we that are scheduled to lunch have today .
I may have to postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning.
May I have to postpone , again I ' let ll you know later morning . this
May I to have postpone again , I ' let ll know you later this . morning
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch.
I am out all weekend and have we to have the comments final on the Presentation Analyst in by sunday so night I may be working over lunch .
I out am weekend all and we have to have the final on comments the Presentation in Analyst by night sunday so I be may over working lunch .
Actually, I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if I have to cancel.
Actually , I think we are in pretty good so shape I will be doing probably but lunch just ' don t too be mad if have I to cancel .
Actually , I we think are pretty in shape good so be I will probably doing lunch but don just ' t be too mad if have I cancel to .
Ken
Ken
Ken
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games (when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport (I can't remember the name of it)) I realized he is a very, very sick college football fan.
PS Your told brother me he to went 3 bowl games ( when I found that out two of them were the galleryfurniture . com that bowl and one in I Shreveport ( can ' t remember the name of it ) ) realized I he is a very , very sick college football fan .
PS brother Your me told he went to 3 bowl games ( when I found out that them two of were the galleryfurniture com . bowl and that in Shreveport one ( I can ' t remember the name it of ) ) I realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .
I will put this on our calendars.
Will put I this on our calendars .
I put will this on calendars our .
Too bad you won't make the Compaq thing, but maybe next year.
Too you bad ' won t the make Compaq thing , but next maybe year .
Bad too you won ' t make thing the Compaq but , maybe next year .
San Antonio, wow what a let down from the other cities.
San , wow Antonio what a down let from the other cities .
, san Antonio what wow a let down from the other cities .
That will be a nice time of year though.
That will a be nice of time though year .
Will that be a nice of time though year .
I can recommend some good restaurants since I took Ric there last year for his birthday.
I can recommend good some restaurants I since took Ric last there for his year birthday .
Can I some recommend restaurants since good took I Ric there last year for his birthday .
We stayed at the Menger and had a great time.
Stayed we at the Menger and had great a . time
We stayed at the Menger and a had great time .
Kay Mann@ENRON
Kay Mann ENRON @
Mann kay @ ENRON
09/20/2000 04:18 PM
09 20 / / 2000 04 : PM 18
09 / / 20 2000 04 : PM 18
This Friday - Michael goes for a visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school (so far, so good).
Friday this - goes Michael a for visit St at . Francis , which may new be his school so ( , far so good ) .
Friday this - Michael goes for visit at St a . Francis which , may be his new ( school far so so , good ) .
I'll be in around1000
I ll ' be in around1000
I ' ll be around1000 in
Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much, which means leaving by 445 or so.
Most I Fridays ' m to going to TRY pick up Michael since I ' m away much so , which means by leaving 445 or so .
Most Fridays I ' m going to TRY to Michael pick up I away since ' m much so , means which leaving by 445 or . so
October 4, ENA orientation in the am.
October 4 , ENA the orientation in am .
October 4 , orientation ENA in the . am
October 19/20, Neil is out of town, so I have to pick Michael up from school (leave at 430)
October / 19 20 , Neil is out of , town I so to have pick up from Michael school ( at leave 430 )
October 19 / 20 , is Neil of out town , I so to pick have Michael up from ( school at leave 430 )
October 26/27, hope to be vacation time.
October 26 / to 27 , hope be vacation time .
October / 27 26 , hope to be vacation . time
Neil has a meeting in San Antonio (usually it is in Miami, San Francisco, Phoenix - not so great this year).
Neil has meeting a in San Antonio usually ( it is Miami in , Francisco San Phoenix , - not so great this year ) .
Neil a has meeting in San ( Antonio usually it in is , Miami San Francisco Phoenix , - not so this year great ) .
It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise, and spouses are invited.
It is the officer ' s meeting for Enterprise , spouses and invited are .
It is the officer ' meeting s for Enterprise , spouses and are invited .
This means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing.
Means this won we ' t be town in for the Compaq . thing
This won means we t ' be in town the for Compaq thing .
Figures, of course.
, figures of course .
, figures of course .
Thanks for asking.
For thanks asking .
For thanks asking .
I'm watching for some good vacation days, also...
I ' m watching some for vacation good days , also . . .
' I m for watching some good vacation days , also . . .
fyi/review/comment
/ fyi review / comment
/ fyi review / comment
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI:
Have a I couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI :
I have couple a so of questions can I wrap up the LOI :
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.
Refer we to Fuel licensed Cell Energy equipment .
Refer we to licensed Cell Fuel Energy equipment .
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
Do we to intend reference particular a manufacturer or , should be this more generic ?
We do to intend reference a particular manufacturer , should or this be more ? generic
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
Do want we to attach a of draft the Development Agreement , condition and final the deal agreeing on to substantially terms the same as what s ' in the draft ?
Do want we attach to a draft of Development the Agreement , and condition the deal final agreeing on to substantially terms same the what as ' in s the draft ?
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
Have a I concern the Enron that optionality bug could bite us on the backside that with one .
I have a concern that Enron the optionality could bug us bite on the backside with that one .
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?
Do we to expect have ONE EPC contract , or several ?
Do expect we have to ONE EPC contract , or ? several
I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).
' I m looking the for confidentiality agreement , which be may in Bart ' s files ( ' haven checked closely yet t ) .
I ' m looking for the agreement confidentiality , may which in be ' Bart files s ( ' haven t closely checked yet ) .
If anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.
If has anyone it handy , speed it could things up me for .
Anyone if has it , handy it speed could up things for me .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kay
Kay
Kay
Forget the ONE or more contract questions.
The forget ONE or more contract . questions
The forget or ONE more contract questions .
I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project.
We I see expect to have separate contracts each for project .
I see we to expect have separate contracts for each project .
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI:
I have a questions couple of so I wrap can up the : LOI
Have I couple a of questions so I can up wrap LOI the :
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.
We refer licensed to Fuel Energy Cell equipment .
We refer to Fuel licensed Cell equipment Energy .
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
Do we intend to reference particular a manufacturer , should or more this be generic ?
Do we reference intend to a particular manufacturer , or should be this generic more ?
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
Do we want to a attach draft of Development the Agreement and , condition the final deal on agreeing to substantially terms the same as what ' in s the draft ?
We do want to attach a draft of Agreement the Development , and the condition deal final on to agreeing terms the same substantially as what ' s in draft the ?
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
Have I a concern that the optionality Enron bug bite could us on the with backside that . one
Have I a concern that Enron the optionality could bite bug us on backside the with that one .
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?
Do we expect to ONE have contract EPC , several or ?
We expect do to ONE have EPC contract , or several ?
I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).
I ' looking m for the agreement confidentiality , which may be in ' Bart files s ( haven ' t checked yet closely ) .
I ' looking m for the confidentiality agreement which , may in be Bart ' s ( files haven t ' checked yet ) closely .
If anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.
Anyone has if handy it , it could speed things up me for .
If anyone it has handy , it could speed up things for me .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kay
Kay
Kay
On the issue of the contracts, the draft says that the $170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed.
Issue on of the contracts the , the draft that says the $ 170m paid is when the EPC contract is signed .
On the issue the of contracts , the draft says that the $ 170m is when the paid contract EPC signed . is
Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed?
Are expecting we that the portion to attributable each project paid will be the as individual EPC are contracts signed ?
Are expecting we that portion the attributable to project each will be the paid as individual EPC contracts signed are ?
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kay
Kay
Kay
1. The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer (i.e., ONSI would be a lot more money).
1 The . pricing we that given CRRA have is specific to FuelCell Energy and not would be meaningful listing without the manufacturer i ( . e . , ONSI would a be lot more money ) .
1 . pricing The we that given have is CRRA to specific FuelCell and Energy would not be meaningful without listing manufacturer the ( i . e . , ONSI be would a lot more money ) .
Hence, I think that we have to reference the manufacturer.
, hence I think we that have to the reference manufacturer .
Hence , I think that have we reference to the . manufacturer
2. The attachment of the Development Agreement is a Jeff question.
2 The . attachment the of Development Agreement is a Jeff . question
2 The . attachment of the Development is Agreement Jeff a question .
In order to mark any 2000 income, we will need to get CRRA to execute the Development Agreement in 2000.
In order to mark any 2000 income , we need will to get execute to CRRA Development the Agreement 2000 in .
Order in to mark any 2000 income , we will get need to to CRRA the Development execute Agreement in 2000 .
In my opinion, we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached.
My in opinion we , show should CRRA a of copy LOI the with assumption the that the Development Agreement is attached .
My opinion , in we should CRRA show a copy of the LOI with the that assumption the Development is Agreement attached .
I would actually send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOI.
Would I send actually the them draft Development a Agreement couple days after the LOI .
I actually would send them the draft Development Agreement days a couple after the . LOI
Based on how CRRA reacts, I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI.
Based on how CRRA reacts , would I ultimate make an determination if the needs to agreement be attached to LOI the .
On based how reacts CRRA , I would an make ultimate determination the if agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .
3. I expect at least one EPC contract per project.
3 I . at expect least one contract EPC per project .
3 . I expect at one least contract EPC project per .
We don't want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project.
We don ' t want to condition the acceptance of one project on performance the project of another .
We don ' t want to condition acceptance the project of one on the another performance of project .
Performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project.
Performance tests either be will performed on a project basis or unit a by basis unit in given project a .
Performance tests either will be performed on project a basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project .
Remarkably clear explanation.
Remarkably clear . explanation
Remarkably explanation clear .
Sent by: Ben Jacoby@ECT
By sent : Ben Jacoby ECT @
Sent by : Ben ECT Jacoby @
FYI, see below.
FYI , below see .
, FYI see below .
Mom's birthday is tommorow.
' mom birthday s is tommorow .
' mom s birthday tommorow is .
What are we going to get her?
What we are going to her get ?
Are what we going to get ? her
Chris
Chris
Chris
That is some good stuff.
That some is good stuff .
Is that some good stuff .
I hear you are coming our way soon.
Hear I you are our coming way soon .
I hear you are coming our way soon .
Look forward to drinking a few beers.
Look forward to a drinking beers few .
Look to forward drinking few a beers .
Chris
Chris
Chris
Michael McDermott <Michael.McDermott@spectrongroup.com> on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 AM
McDermott michael < Michael . McDermott spectrongroup @ . > com on 06 / 01 / 06 2000 00 : : AM 56
Michael McDermott < . Michael McDermott @ spectrongroup . on com > / 06 01 06 / 2000 : 00 : 56 AM
Yo Mama`s so fat ....
Yo mama s ` so fat . . . .
Mama yo ` fat s so . . . .
Your mama is so fat: When she hauls ass she has to make two trips.
Your is fat mama so : When she ass hauls has she to make two trips .
Mama your is fat : so she When hauls ass she to has make two trips .
When she dances she makes the band skip.
When she dances she makes the band skip .
When she dances makes she band the skip .
When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live.
When she with was diagnosed flesh the eating disease the doctor her gave 13 to years live .
When she was diagnosed with the eating flesh disease the doctor gave 13 her years to . live
She puts mayonnaise on aspirin. (<- clearly the winner)
She puts mayonnaise aspirin on . ( < - the winner clearly )
She mayonnaise puts on aspirin . ( < clearly - winner the )
Her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
Cereal her bowl with came a lifeguard .
Her cereal bowl came a lifeguard with .
When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts.
She when to goes the zoo elephants the throw her peanuts .
She when goes to zoo the elephants the throw her peanuts .
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph.
Her high picture school graduation was aerial an photograph .
Her high school graduation an picture was photograph aerial .
Her driver`s license says "Picture continued on other side."
Her driver s ` says license Picture " continued other on side . "
Her driver ` s says license Picture " continued on . other side "
She has to iron her pants on the driveway.
She has to iron her pants on driveway the .
Has she her to iron pants on the driveway .
The back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs.
Back the of her neck like looks a pack hot of dogs .
The back her of neck looks a like pack of hot . dogs
Yo mama`s so fat, all the restaurants in town have signs that say: "Maximum Occupancy: 240 Patrons OR Yo Mama" Yo mama`s so fat, when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton.
Mama yo ` s so fat , all the in restaurants town have signs that say : " Maximum Occupancy : 240 Patrons Yo OR Mama " Yo mama s ` so fat , when she ran away , they had to use all sides four of milk the carton .
Yo mama ` s so fat , the all restaurants in have town signs that say : " Maximum Occupancy : Patrons 240 OR Yo Mama " Yo mama ` s fat so , she when away ran , they had to use all sides of four the milk carton .
Yo mama`s so fat, instead of Levis 501 jeans, she wears Levi`s 1002`s.
Yo ` mama so s fat , of instead Levis jeans 501 , she wears Levi ` s ` 1002 . s
Yo ` mama s fat so instead , of Levis , 501 jeans she Levi wears ` s 1002 ` s .
Yo mama`s so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down.
Yo mama ` s so fat , when gets in she an , it elevator HAS down to go .
Yo mama ` s so fat , she when gets an in elevator , it HAS to go down .
Yo mama`s so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
Yo ` mama s fat , so was she born with a silver shovel in mouth her .
Yo mama ` s fat so she was , born a with silver shovel in mouth her .
Yo mama`s so fat, she`s got smaller fat women orbiting around her.
Yo mama ` so s fat she , ` s got fat smaller women her orbiting around .
Mama yo ` so s fat , she ` got s smaller women fat orbiting her around .
Yo mama`s so fat, she could sell shade.
Yo mama ` s fat so , she could sell shade .
Yo ` s mama so fat she , could sell shade .
You will have to wait and see :-)
You have to will wait see and : - )
You will to have wait : and see - )
Done!
! done
! done
Expect a call from Paul tonight.
A call expect from Paul tonight .
A expect from call Paul tonight .
Chris
Chris
Chris
What are some good interview questions?
Are what some interview good questions ?
What are some good ? interview questions
Poll your co-workers.
Poll your co workers - .
Poll your - co workers .
cd
cd
cd
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you didn't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis.
I told Paul called that you yesterday him so abruptly because you didn ' to t want waste time his while got you tests done arthritis for .
I that told Paul you called him so yesterday because abruptly you ' didn t want waste to his time while you got done tests arthritis for .
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say.
I told told him I you to call him back at and least what hear he has to say .
I told him told I you call to him back and least at what hear he has to say .
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality.
He said they for are looking and people on based what I told him an interview was a formality .
He said they are looking for and people based on I what told him an a interview was formality .
Chris
Chris
Chris
Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive?
Is that that Microwave gave Dan you really expensive ?
That is Microwave that gave you really Dan expensive ?
All the guys at work are saying I shouldn't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one.
The all guys at work I are saying shouldn ' bother t having fixed it I should just buy a one new .
The all guys at work are saying I ' shouldn having bother t it I fixed should just buy a new one .
Chris
Chris
Chris
Jai Hawker 974-6721
Hawker jai 974 - 6721
Hawker jai 974 - 6721
I won't forget about the $.
Won I ' t about forget the $ .
I ' won forget t about the $ .
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that?
Do I to need cross reference the deals in my to deals model the in the you system or did already do that ?
Do need I cross to the reference in deals my model to the in deals the system did or you do already that ?
Chris
Chris
Chris
Kathy,
, kathy
, kathy
Don't take that deal out until I look at it.
' don take t that deal out until I look at . it
' don t that take deal out I until look at it .
I think it is mine but I forgot to write it in the blue FX book (I only wrote it in my red book).
I think it is mine but forgot to I write in the it FX blue book ( wrote I only it in red my book ) .
I is think it mine but to I forgot write it blue the in FX book ( I only wrote it in my book red ) .
Thanx,
, thanx
, thanx
Chris
Chris
Chris
Just a reminder to send me a currency report.
Just a reminder to send me a report currency .
Just a send reminder to a me currency report .
Thanx,
, thanx
, thanx
Chris
Chris
Chris
Paul called me today.
Paul called today me .
Called paul me today .
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then.
He be will in in a Calgary couple of weeks and will you interview then .
He will be Calgary in in a couple of and weeks will interview you then .
Chris
Chris
Chris
You should reply ASAP.
Should you reply ASAP .
Should you reply ASAP .
Don't make Peters and Co. wait.
Don ' make Peters t Co and . wait .
' don make t Peters and . Co wait .
Chris
Chris
Chris
I didn't get a chance to talk to Paul today.
Didn ' I t get chance a to talk to Paul today .
I ' didn get a t chance to talk to Paul today .
Give him a call tommorow.
Give him call a tommorow .
Him give a call tommorow .
Chris
Chris
Chris
Will you please run a June NX3/NX1 for our book.
Will you please run a June / NX3 NX1 for our book .
You will run please June a NX3 / NX1 for our book .
Paul
Paul
Paul
How about meeting at 11:30 or 12?
How about at meeting 11 : 30 ? or 12
How meeting about at 11 : 30 or 12 ?
I am in the office so give me a call.
Am I in the office give so a me call .
Am I in the give office so me a call .
CD 3-1663
3 CD - 1663
CD - 3 1663
The deed is done.
The deed done is .
Deed the is done .
Chris
Chris
Chris
Find attached resume and cover letter.
Find attached resume and cover letter .
Find attached and resume letter cover .
Hopefully he didn't spel anyting incorrectly.
Hopefully he didn t ' spel anyting . incorrectly
He hopefully didn ' t anyting spel incorrectly .
Dan is really smart and a hard worker.
Dan smart is really and a hard worker .
Is really dan smart and a hard worker .
I think he would be a good fit.
I think would he be good a fit .
I think he would be a good fit .
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend).
Me give a call Tuesday to discuss afternoon ( gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .
Me give a call Tuesday to afternoon discuss ( gone to Kelowna for golfing ) the weekend .
Cheers,
, cheers
, cheers
Chris
Chris
Chris
I haven't had a chance to send it yet.
Haven I ' t had chance a send to it yet .
I haven ' t had chance a to send it yet .
Paul is out of the office today so I haven't had a chance to talk to him.
Is paul out office of the today so I haven ' had t a chance talk to to . him
Is out of the paul office today so haven I ' t had a chance to to talk him .
I'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not.
I ' ll send as it soon you resond as wether I should or . not
' I ll send it as soon as you wether resond should or I not .
Chris
Chris
Chris
Are you guys still looking for an analyst?
Are guys you still looking for analyst an ?
Are you guys looking still for analyst an ?
Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly?
Should I send the resume to Dawn or directly you ?
Should I the send resume to or Dawn you ? directly
Chris Enron Canada Corp. Suite 1100, 70 York Street Toronto, Ontario M5J 1S9 416-865-3700
Chris Enron Corp Canada . Suite , 1100 70 York Street , Toronto M5J Ontario - 1S9 416 865 - 3700
Enron chris Canada Corp . 1100 , Suite 70 York Street Toronto , Ontario M5J 416 1S9 - 3700 865 -
Paul DeVries - Director 416-865-3703
Paul DeVries Director 416 - - 865 - 3703
DeVries paul - Director 416 - 865 3703 -
Jan Wilson - Manager 416-865-3704
Jan Wilson Manager - 416 865 - - 3704
Wilson jan - 416 Manager - 865 - 3704
Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP and PGT).
Is attached for a forecast the rest of the summer for the X NWP ( PGT and ) .
A attached is forecast the for rest of the for summer the ( X NWP and PGT ) .
We should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can.
We should try to have a conference call with the west desk as to discuss soon as we can .
We try to have should conference a call the with desk west to discuss as soon as we can .
Chris
Chris
Chris
See you there!
See there you !
You see there !
CD
CD
CD
Sushi tonight?
Tonight sushi ?
Sushi ? tonight
Ryan Watt says high.
Watt ryan says high .
Ryan Watt says . high
Chris
Chris
Chris
I will be able to attend.
Will I be to able attend .
I be will able attend to .
Chris
Chris
Chris
Mike Jordan
Jordan mike
Jordan mike
26/09/2000 14:14
/ 26 09 / 14 2000 : 14
26 / 09 14 / 2000 : 14
Fernley / Sally
/ fernley Sally
Fernley Sally /
Off and on ( with Jackie Gentle's help ) I have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page summary ).
Off on ( and with Gentle Jackie ' s ) help have I pulled together a one page communication note on fundamental our operating standards ( itself one a page summary ) .
Off on and ( Jackie with Gentle ' s help ) I pulled together have a one communication page note on fundamental our standards operating ( itself one a summary page ) .
We are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter )
We are the in stages final this of process where - we draft cover letter a for which John will introduce this for within inclusion Globalflash ( the Enron Europe ) newsletter
We are in stages the final this of - process we where cover draft a letter for John which will introduce for this inclusion Globalflash within ( the Enron Europe newsletter )
Have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?
Have you any thoughts draft on cover note or ?
Have you any thoughts on draft cover or note ?
Mike
Mike
Mike
Late Jan sounds great.
Jan late sounds great .
Late Jan great sounds .
Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation (big dance that she and I are committed to help with), the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion.
Meagan have does a of couple things big on the weekend in January - - National Charity League Senior ( Presentation dance big that she I are and committed to help with ) , the Bearkadette a Ball and winter for party Cotillion .
Meagan does have a of couple big on things the weekend in January - - National Charity League Senior Presentation ( dance big she and I that are committed help to ) with , the Bearkadette Ball and a for winter party Cotillion .
I believe that these are three weekends in a row, January 6, 13 and 20th.
Believe I these that are three weekends in a row January , , 13 6 and 20th .
I believe that are these three weekends a row in , January , 6 and 13 20th .
So the last weekend in January would work well (and I will need a rest from formal affairs!).
So weekend the last in would January work well ( and I will need a rest from affairs formal ! ) .
So the last in weekend January work would well ( and I will rest need a formal from ! affairs ) .
Does that work for you?
That does work for you ?
Does that for work you ?
And do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday?
Do and want you to do it on Saturday a or Sunday ?
And do you to want do it on a Saturday or Sunday ?
Saturday probably works better for me, just so that I am back in Houston and doing laundry by Sunday afternoon!!
Saturday probably better works me for , just so I that am in back Houston and doing laundry Sunday afternoon by ! !
Probably saturday works better me for , just so that I back am in Houston and doing laundry by afternoon Sunday ! !
Hi...
. hi . .
. hi . .
Talked to the little mother-to-be.
To talked the little - mother - to be .
To talked the little - mother to be - .
She said a shower would be grand.
She said a shower would be grand .
Said she shower a would be grand .
She has some big presentation mid-January.
She some has big mid presentation - January .
She some has presentation big mid - January .
How does late January sound to you.
How does late January sound . to you
How late does January to sound you .
Should we set a date now?
We should set a now date ?
Should we set now a date ?
Am I turning into Mother?
I am turning into Mother ?
Am I into turning Mother ?
Cindy
Cindy
Cindy
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards, but I wonder about the most appropriate timing, enough of a global message and the means of delivery.
I think that is it a great idea get to some press our fundamental regarding operating standards , but I wonder about the most timing appropriate , enough of global a message the and of means delivery .
I that think it is a great idea to get some regarding press our operating fundamental standards , but I wonder most about the appropriate , timing of enough a global message and the means of . delivery
On the means of delivery, I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent.
The on means delivery of , I am not sure from note your or whether not fully I the understand intent .
On the means of delivery I , am not sure from your note whether or fully I not the intent understand .
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John's name (if so, to whom will the letter be sent)?
Is there an article to be included in an publication and Enron addition in letter a to be under sent John ' name s ( if so , to whom will letter the sent be ) ?
There is an to article be included in an Enron and publication in addition letter a to be under sent ' John name s ( so if , to whom the will letter sent be ) ?
Or is the letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article?
Or is the letter from John an introduction be to included as lead a in to article the ?
Or is the letter John from introduction an to be included as lead a in to the article ?
With regard to a global message, I think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature, applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities.
Regard with to global a message , I think that one of the points key fundamental around operating standards are that they are intended to global be in applied nature , to every commodity every and where location we engage trading in activities .
With regard to global a message , think that I one of the key points around fundamental operating are standards they that are intended to be global in nature , applied every to and commodity every where location we in trading engage activities .
With these operating standards implemented worldwide, we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide.
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as professionals operations that risk is being mitigated and we be will to able ensure top Enron that management there is consistency in standards operating worldwide .
With operating these standards implemented worldwide , will know we as operations professionals that risk is mitigated being and will we be able ensure to Enron management top that there is consistency operating in standards worldwide .
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly, with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations.
These global should standards also enable to Enron its expand business reach more quickly well , with defined with requirements regard to trading operations .
These global standards also should enable to Enron expand business its more reach quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to . trading operations
I am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across.
I not sure am from the article as written that the nature of global this comes effort across .
Not am I sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across .
Finally, a question regarding timing.
, a finally question regarding timing .
Finally a , question regarding . timing
The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated (Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston) for comments to all business controllers.
Last the I knew after you and drafted Brent this starting point for operating fundamental standards was that this was circulated being ( Shona took this to do Brent after ' return to s Houston for ) comments to controllers all business .
The I last knew after you and Brent this drafted starting point for fundamental operating was standards that was this being circulated ( Shona took to this do Brent after ' s to return Houston ) comments for to all business controllers .
I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards.
I don ' t that believe we are quite the can at point that we say that all controllers business worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .
Don I ' believe t we that are quite at the point that can we say that all controllers business worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .
And not to belittle the process of creating the standards, the tough part (and the real meat behind this) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards.
And not belittle to the process of creating the standards , the tough ( part and real the this meat behind ) be will an effective exception on a report global basis against these standards .
And belittle not to the process of standards creating , the the tough part ( the and real behind meat ) this will an be effective exception report on a global basis against standards these .
My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year.
My commitment to Rick Causey that is I will have global that report in by production the of end the year .
My Rick commitment to that Causey is I will have that global report in production by the of the end year .
There is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report.
Is there much work to do in defining the content regularity and of report the even and more work to to do identify reliable sources of data for report compiling the .
There is much work to do in defining the content regularity and of the report and even more to work do to identify sources reliable of data for compiling the report .
Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this, and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New.
Shona has commissioned to Mike Moscoso work on , this and I that believe Mike has been already working James with New .
Has commissioned shona Mike to work Moscoso on this , I and believe that Mike has already working been with James New .
So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against.
I so whether question not want or you to publish about info fundamental standards that we can not yet report against .
I so question whether not or want you publish to info fundamental about standards that we can not report yet against .
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and (hopefully) our first draft of a meaningful exception report?
A would more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller in meeting when October we should worldwide have buy - in and commitment to these and standards ( hopefully ) our draft first of a exception meaningful ? report
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller in meeting October when should we worldwide have buy - in commitment and to these standards and ( ) hopefully our first draft of a meaningful report exception ?
Sorry that this response looks so long.
That sorry response this looks so long .
That sorry this response so looks long .
I have been interrupted 20 times while responding, so I hope that it makes sense.
I been have interrupted 20 while responding times , I so hope that it sense makes .
Have I been interrupted 20 while times responding , so I that hope makes it . sense
Thanks for sharing this with me.
Sharing thanks for this with me .
Thanks for sharing this with me .
Since you asked for input, I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some.
Since asked you for , input hope that I you don ' t that mind I gave you . some
You since for input asked , hope I that you don ' t that mind I gave some you .
--Sally
- Sally -
- Sally -
David W Delainey@ECT
David W Delainey ECT @
David W @ Delainey ECT
11/10/2000 01:04 PM
11 / 10 / : 2000 01 04 PM
/ 11 10 / 01 2000 : 04 PM
Steve, I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% year on year (ie) $13.9M from $11.5M.
Steve , noticed I that our from allocation to is 2000 2001 up going 21 by year % on year ( ie ) $ 13 . 9M from $ 11 5M . .
Steve , I that noticed allocation our 2000 from is 2001 to by going up 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13 . 9M $ from 11 . 5M .
We have been able to keep ENA's direct group expenses flat year on year, we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well.
We been have able to ENA keep ' s group direct expenses flat year on year are , we trying hard to corporate keep allocation the year flat to year as well .
We have been able to ENA keep ' s direct group expenses flat on year year , we trying are to hard corporate keep the allocation year flat year to as . well
Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal?
Do you a have view on we how might able be to this achieve goal ?
Do you have a view on how be we able might to this achieve goal ?
Regards
Regards
Regards
Delainey
Delainey
Delainey
Don't worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker.
' don t about it worry . . . for putting sorry you back on speaker .
' don t it worry about . . . for sorry putting you back on . speaker
I just wanted Sue to hear (she enjoys utility bashing so much).
I just wanted to Sue hear ( she enjoys bashing utility ) so much .
I just wanted to hear Sue ( enjoys she utility bashing so ) much .
Thanks for the comment on the hearing.
Thanks for the comment the hearing on .
Thanks for the on comment the . hearing
In some respects I don't think the first panel could have gone much better; everyone thanked FERC for intervening (though for different reasons).
In respects some I ' don think t first the panel could much have gone better ; everyone thanked FERC intervening for ( though for different ) reasons .
In some respects I ' don t think first the panel could much have gone better ; everyone FERC thanked for intervening ( though for reasons different ) .
The other staff reports are also looking good.
The other staff are reports looking also good .
Other the staff are reports also looking good .
Scott Miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is.
Miller scott a has been godsend - - somebody afraid not to it tell like it is .
Miller scott been has a godsend - - somebody afraid to not tell like it it is .
Jeff Dasovich
Dasovich jeff
Dasovich jeff
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
By sent : Jeff Dasovich
By sent : Jeff Dasovich
11/10/2000 12:33 PM
/ 11 10 2000 / 12 : 33 PM
10 11 / / 2000 12 : 33 PM
I apologize if I offended anyone.
I apologize if anyone I offended .
I apologize I if offended . anyone
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large, regulated utility in California.
Let please know them that I was quoting the simply of CEO a large , regulated utility in . California
Them please let know that I simply was quoting CEO the of large a , regulated utility in . California
Thanks for attributing the quote to me.
For thanks attributing quote the to me .
Thanks for attributing the quote to me .
You did a great job at the hearing----it went decidely downhill after you left.
You did great a at the job hearing - - - - it decidely downhill went after left you .
Did you a job great at the hearing - - - - went it after downhill decidely you left .
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
She does have interest any meeting in one - on - one or she is looking for just a public hanging ?
Does she interest have meeting any in one - on - one or is she just for looking public a hanging ?
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach.
Remain convinced I that if we can get the just in facts front of people they will modulate approach their .
Convinced I remain that if we can just get facts in the front of people will they their modulate approach .
Jeff Dasovich
Dasovich jeff
Dasovich jeff
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
Sent by : Dasovich Jeff
Sent : by Jeff Dasovich
11/10/2000 12:21 PM
/ 11 10 2000 / 12 : 21 PM
11 / 10 / 2000 : 12 PM 21
Given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on Monday, but will let the good Senator know that, in general, we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a solution that works for everybody.
Given the short notice , will we decline politely participate to at the on hearing Monday , will but let good the Senator know that , in general , we intend to engage in actively process the and plan to California help find a solution that works for . everybody
Given the notice short , we will politely to decline at participate the hearing on Monday , will but let good the Senator know that , in general we , intend to engage actively in the and process plan to help California find a solution that works for . everybody
Amen.
. amen
. amen
See below.
Below see .
Below see .
Can we get some help on the IBM issues?
We can get help on some the IBM issues ?
Can we help get some on the issues IBM ?
Erin Rice
Rice erin
Rice erin
11/10/2000 11:08 AM
11 / 10 11 / 2000 : 08 AM
/ 11 10 / 2000 11 : AM 08
Steve:
: steve
: steve
At this point, our IT contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the TIBCO and Terminal Server problems.
This at point our , IT are contacts backpedalling a bit and they suggesting can the overcome TIBCO Terminal and Server problems .
At this point , our contacts IT are a backpedalling and bit they can suggesting overcome the TIBCO and Terminal Server . problems
There are still four important issues, however:
There still are important four issues , however :
There are still four important issues , however :
IT still cannot commit to transferring messages across domains.
IT still commit cannot to transferring messages domains . across
IT still to cannot commit transferring across messages domains .
This means that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain.
This means that messages initiated at Corp intended and the Enron for entire organization will reach not any business outside units Corp the domain .
This that means messages initiated at Corp and for intended the entire organization Enron not will any reach business units outside the Corp domain .
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool, WebSphere, and will use WebLogic instead.
No messages reach will EES the organization unless agrees IBM not use to their proprietary message tool delivery WebSphere , , and use will instead WebLogic .
No messages reach will EES the unless organization agrees IBM not to use their message proprietary delivery tool , WebSphere and , will WebLogic instead use .
WebLogic is required by BackWeb, although it is designed by a separate company.
WebLogic is required by , BackWeb is although it designed by separate a company .
is WebLogic by required BackWeb , it although is by designed a separate company .
HR, intended to be a key user of this tool, will not use BackWeb because survey responses cannot be made anonymous.
HR to , intended be key a user of this tool , will not use BackWeb because survey responses be cannot made . anonymous
, HR intended be a to key user this of tool , not will use because BackWeb survey responses cannot be anonymous made .
HR has already purchased a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys.
HR already has purchased tool a called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys .
HR has already purchased a tool called CONFIRMIT can that anonymous execute surveys .
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain, nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator.
Not will be messages delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for five two to hours after they are by sent the message administrator .
Messages not will delivered simultaneously be to all in the users same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours are after they sent by the message administrator .
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time, meaning users cannot retrieve them and read them later (as they can with e-mail).
Thing another to is consider these that messages be will to expire set and disappear within a set of period time , meaning users cannot them retrieve and read them later ( as they can with mail e - ) .
Thing another to is that consider these messages will be to set expire disappear and within a set of period time , meaning users cannot retrieve them and read them later ( as can they e with - mail ) .
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned.
This means that could be I from away the office for several days and miss a entirely message , because it would have expired disappeared and by the time returned . I
This means I that could away be from office the for several days and miss a message entirely , because would it expired have disappeared and the by time I returned .
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative, but they lack commercial sponsorship.
Plain the is fact that a few IT members of pushing are this initiative , but they commercial lack sponsorship .
The plain fact that members is a few of IT are pushing this initiative , they but lack sponsorship commercial .
They are hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company-wide.
They are hoping Corp foot will the bill a for pilot which will allow them to test fully tool this before company implementing it - wide .
They hoping are Corp will the foot bill for pilot a allow which will them this to fully test tool before implementing it company - wide .
Please let us know if you have additional questions.
Please let us know if have you additional questions .
Please let us know if have you additional questions .
- er
Er -
Er -
Steven J Kean
Steven Kean J
J steven Kean
11/09/2000 11:35 AM
11 / 09 / : 2000 11 35 AM
11 / 09 / 2000 11 35 AM :
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they are?
Do we have sense a many how for we reach can , how many we can ' t where and they are ?
We do have a for how sense we many can reach , how we many can ' t and they where are ?
Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices?
Are offices whole ( eg Tokyo ) or unreachable is it only who those home have ? offices
Are whole offices ( eg Tokyo ) or unreachable is it only those who home have ? offices
Courtney Votaw
Votaw courtney
Votaw courtney
11/08/2000 11:02 AM
/ 11 08 / 2000 11 02 : AM
11 08 / / 2000 11 02 : AM
Mark and Steve-
And mark Steve -
Mark and - Steve
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning BackWeb before we proceed.
Rice erin I and would like with to meet to you discuss the concerning issues BackWeb before we proceed .
Erin Rice I and would to like meet with you discuss to issues concerning the BackWeb we before proceed .
As you can see from the Design Document, they are pretty significant.
As you see can from the Document Design they are , pretty significant .
You as see can from the Document Design , they pretty are significant .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Courtney
Courtney
Courtney
calendar
calendar
calendar
Paul Kaufman@ECT
Kaufman paul @ ECT
Paul Kaufman ECT @
Sent by: Lysa Akin@ECT
By : sent Lysa Akin @ ECT
By sent : Lysa @ Akin ECT
11/10/2000 05:59 PM
11 / 10 2000 / : 05 59 PM
11 / 10 / 2000 05 59 PM :
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday, Nov. 9th.
Paul kaufman has me asked set to conference a call review to FERC the Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov . 9th .
Kaufman paul has me asked set to conference a call to the review Meeting FERC that held was Thursday , Nov . 9th .
Please be advised that I have set the call as follows:
Please be advised have that I set the call follows as :
Please advised that be I have set the call follows as :
Date: Monday, Nov. 13th
Date : Monday , 13th Nov .
: date Monday Nov , . 13th
Time: 11:30am / 1:30pm Central / 2:30pm Eastern
: time : 11 / 30am 1 : 30pm Central 2 / : 30pm Eastern
Time 11 : : 30am / 1 30pm Central : / : 2 30pm Eastern
Call In #: 888-422-7132
Call # In : - 888 422 - 7132
Call In # : 888 - - 7132 422
Pin #: 411507
Pin # 411507 :
Pin # 411507 :
Pin # for Paul Kaufman ONLY: 362416
Pin # for Kaufman Paul : ONLY 362416
Pin for # Paul ONLY Kaufman : 362416
If you have any questions, please call 503/464-7927.
Have if you any questions , call please 503 464 / - 7927 .
Have if you any questions , please 503 call 464 / - 7927 .
Lysa Akin Ass't. to Paul Kaufman
Lysa Ass Akin ' t . to Kaufman Paul
Lysa Akin Ass t ' . to Kaufman Paul
it's on tonight
it s ' on tonight
it ' s tonight on
it's did you watch your girl on tv last night?
it ' did s watch you your girl on last tv night ?
it s ' you did your watch girl on tv last night ?
the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this?
number the deal is 814014 - can why ' you t see this ?
number the deal is 814014 - why can ' t you see this ?
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975?
Did you a do deal National Fuel with Marketing purchasing 3 , 500 mmbtu on May @ 2 30th . ? 975
You did do deal a Fuel with National Marketing 3 purchasing , 500 mmbtu on May 30th @ 2 . ? 975
They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it.
Are they for invoicing this and I don ' t invoice have an for it .
They are for invoicing this I and don ' t an have invoice it for .
Can you give me the Sitara deal #?
You can give me the deal Sitara # ?
Can you give me the Sitara deal # ?
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Darla
Darla
Darla
Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph.
To book ok for me and husband my , Joseph .
Ok to book me for and husband my , . Joseph
I was issued a new corporate American Express card.
I a was new issued corporate American Express card .
Was I a issued new corporate American Express . card
Same number with expiration date of 3/03.
With same expiration number date of 3 / 03 .
Number same with expiration date 3 of / . 03
If you need any more info, please advise.
You if need any info more , advise please .
If need you any more info , please advise .
Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets.
Otherwise , I will assume will you book two the . tickets
Otherwise , will I you assume will book the tickets two .
Thank you.
You thank .
You thank .
Actually-upon second look the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this?
Actually upon - second look deal number the is 814014 - can why ' you t see this ?
Actually - upon look second the number deal is 814014 - why ' can t you this ? see
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975?
Did you do National a deal with Fuel purchasing Marketing 3 , 500 mmbtu May on @ 30th 2 . 975 ?
Did you do deal a National with Fuel purchasing Marketing 3 500 , mmbtu May on @ 30th 2 . 975 ?
They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it.
Are they for invoicing this and I don t ' have an for invoice it .
Are they invoicing for and this don I ' t an have invoice for it .
Can you give me the Sitara deal #?
You can me give the Sitara deal # ?
You can give me the deal Sitara # ?
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Darla
Darla
Darla
should be non bondad
Be should non bondad
should non be bondad
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
Jane on , deal 763736 May 01 for sales Southwest to Gas , we have a discrepancy pricing .
Jane , on deal 763736 for 01 May sales to Southwest Gas we , pricing have discrepancy a .
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
System reflects our Bondad SJ GDP but SWG going is to pay us based on SJ Non - Bondad GDP .
Our reflects system SJ but Bondad GDP SWG is going to us pay based on Non SJ - GDP Bondad .
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
Can you please confirm which is price and correct make the in change Sitara if necessary ?
You can please confirm which is price correct make and the change Sitara in if ? necessary
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
Laurie Enron Ellis Works Net LLC Client Phone Services : ( 713 ) 345 - 9945 : Fax 713 ( 646 ) - 8420 Email : laurie . @ ellis enron . com
Laurie Ellis Enron Works Net LLC Services Client Phone : ( ) 345 713 9945 - Fax : ( 713 ) 646 8420 - Email : . laurie ellis @ enron . com
Sorry about the flooding.
About sorry the flooding .
Sorry about flooding the .
Hope you and your family survived ok.
Hope you your and survived family ok .
You hope and family your survived ok .
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
Are attached the gas settlement and for support . May
Attached the are gas settlement support for and May .
The only difference we had was for package V02.
The only difference we had was for V02 package .
Only the difference we had was for . package V02
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
Mark Anderson that says though even Bondad gas , flowed the price - was Non Bondad .
Mark says Anderson that even though flowed Bondad gas , price the was Non - . Bondad
Have a great day.
Have a great . day
Have great a day .
Nancy
Nancy
Nancy
- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >>
- . ENRON XLS < File < : . ENRON XLS > >
ENRON - . XLS < File < : ENRON . > XLS >
- enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >>
- enrongss xls . < < File enrongss : . > xls >
- . enrongss xls < < File : . enrongss > xls >
actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gda
- volumes actually for flowing out of bondad - which is deal number price 763736 is gda bondad ; for blanco - number deal - 759933 price is nonbondad gda
actually - for flowing out volumes of bondad - which deal is number 763736 bondad is price gda ; for blanco deal - number 759933 - price gda is nonbondad
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
Jane on , deal 763736 for May to 01 sales Gas Southwest , have we a pricing discrepancy .
Jane , deal 763736 on for 01 May sales to Southwest Gas , a we have pricing discrepancy .
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
System our SJ reflects Bondad GDP SWG but going is to pay us based SJ on Non - Bondad . GDP
System our reflects SJ Bondad but GDP SWG is pay going us to based SJ on Non - Bondad GDP .
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
You can please confirm which is price correct and make change the in if Sitara ? necessary
You please can confirm which price is correct make and the in Sitara change if necessary ?
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
Ellis laurie Enron Net Works LLC Client Phone Services : ( 713 ) 345 9945 - Fax : ( 713 ) - 646 Email 8420 : laurie ellis . @ enron com .
Ellis laurie Net Enron Works LLC Services Client Phone : ( 713 ) 345 9945 - Fax : 713 ( ) - 646 8420 Email : laurie . @ ellis enron . com
Sorry about the flooding.
Sorry about the . flooding
Sorry the about flooding .
Hope you and your family survived ok.
And hope you your family survived ok .
Hope and you your survived family ok .
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
Attached are the and gas settlement support for . May
Attached the gas are and settlement support for May .
The only difference we had was for package V02.
The only difference we was had package V02 for .
The difference only had we for was package V02 .
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
Mark Anderson says that even Bondad though gas the flowed , price Non was Bondad - .
Mark Anderson says even though that Bondad gas flowed , the price Non - was . Bondad
Have a great day.
A have great day .
Have great a day .
Nancy
Nancy
Nancy
- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >>
- . XLS ENRON < < File : . ENRON XLS > >
- ENRON . XLS < File < : . ENRON > XLS >
- enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >>
Enrongss - xls . < < : File enrongss . xls > >
Enrongss - . xls < File < enrongss : . xls > >
I talked with Markat SW Gas-just honro his numbers
Talked I Markat with SW - Gas just honro his numbers
Talked I Markat with SW Gas - just his honro numbers
Nancy, can you please reconfirm with Mark the price for the gas at Bondad?
Nancy , you can please reconfirm Mark with price the the for gas at Bondad ?
Nancy , can please you reconfirm Mark with the price the for gas Bondad at ?
My trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
Is my supporting trader her price of SJ Bondad than GDP rather SJ Non - Bondad GDP .
My trader supporting is her price of Bondad SJ GDP rather than SJ Non - Bondad . GDP
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
Ellis Enron laurie Net Client Works LLC Services Phone : 713 ( ) 345 - 9945 Fax : ( ) 713 646 8420 - Email : laurie . @ ellis enron com .
Laurie Net Ellis Enron Works LLC Client Services Phone : 713 ( ) - 345 9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646 - Email 8420 : laurie . ellis enron @ com .
actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gda
- actually volumes for out flowing bondad of - which is deal number 763736 price bondad is gda ; blanco for deal - number 759933 - is price gda nonbondad
- actually for volumes out flowing of - bondad which is deal price number 763736 bondad is gda ; for - blanco deal number - 759933 price is gda nonbondad
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
Jane on deal , 763736 for 01 May sales Southwest to Gas , we have a pricing . discrepancy
Jane , deal 763736 for on 01 May sales to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing . discrepancy
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
Our system reflects Bondad SJ GDP but is SWG to going us pay based on Non SJ - GDP Bondad .
Our system reflects Bondad GDP SJ SWG but going is to pay us based on - SJ Non Bondad GDP .
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
Can you please confirm which is price and correct make the change Sitara in if necessary ?
You can please confirm which is price correct and the make change in Sitara if necessary ?
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
Ellis laurie Net Enron Works Client LLC Phone Services : ( 713 ) 345 9945 - Fax : ( 713 ) - 646 Email : 8420 laurie . ellis enron @ . com
Laurie Ellis Net Enron Works LLC Services Client Phone : ( 345 713 ) - Fax 9945 : 713 ( 646 ) - 8420 Email : laurie ellis . @ enron com .
Sorry about the flooding.
About sorry the flooding .
About sorry the flooding .
Hope you and your family survived ok.
Hope you your and survived family ok .
Hope and you your family ok survived .
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
Attached are gas the settlement support and May for .
Are attached the settlement and gas support for May .
The only difference we had was for package V02.
Only the difference had we was package for V02 .
The only we difference was had for V02 package .
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
Mark says even Anderson though that Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non - . Bondad
Anderson mark that says even though gas flowed Bondad , the was price Non - Bondad .
Have a great day.
A have great day .
Have a day great .
Nancy
Nancy
Nancy
- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >>
ENRON - XLS . < < File ENRON : . XLS > >
ENRON - . XLS < < File : XLS ENRON . > >
- enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >>
- . enrongss xls < < File enrongss : . > xls >
- enrongss . < xls < : File enrongss xls . > >
Please find enclosed EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01:
Please enclosed find EES ' s request Volumes for PGE for CityGate delvery / effective 11 / 1 01 :
Find please enclosed EES ' request s for Volumes for PGE effective delvery CityGate 11 / 1 01 / :
See attached spreadsheet.
See attached . spreadsheet
See attached . spreadsheet
Please quote the Gas on an Indexed Basis.
Quote please Gas the on an Indexed Basis .
Quote please the on Gas an Indexed Basis .
If you have any questions or comments, please advise.
If have any you questions or comments , advise please .
If you any have questions comments or , advise please .
I have not had the patience to get it working-I will callyou some evening and we can walk thru it.
I have not had patience the to working get it - I will callyou some evening and can we thru walk . it
Have not had I patience the to it get working - I will callyou some evening we and can walk thru it .
How was your trip to Des Moines?
Was how trip your to Des Moines ?
Was how your to trip Des Moines ?
Did dthat stuff form Joe help your car.
Dthat did form stuff Joe help your car .
Dthat did stuff form Joe your help car .
Hey Cester,
Cester hey ,
Hey , Cester
When are we going to get NetMeeting going ?
When are going we to NetMeeting get going ?
Are we when going to get NetMeeting going ?
How is Deb's knee?
Is how Deb ' knee s ?
Is how Deb ' knee s ?
Did she ever go to a real doctor?
She ever did go to a real doctor ?
Did ever she go a to real doctor ?
[Tholt, Jane M.]
Tholt [ , M Jane . ]
Tholt [ , Jane . M ]
YesShe is having physical theraphy 3 times a week.
YesShe is having physical 3 theraphy times a week .
YesShe having is physical theraphy 3 a times . week
She said it is getting better.
She said it is getting better .
She said it better is getting .
I haven't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her.
Haven I ' t her seen for a couple of weeks and have talked only to her .
Haven I ' seen t her for a of weeks couple have and only talked to her .
I will probably be calling you next week-the desk wants me to become more involved in regulatory updates so I will seek your assistance with this matter.
Will I probably calling be you week next - the desk wants me to become more involved regulatory in updates so will I your seek with assistance this matter .
I will probably be calling you week next - desk the wants me become more to involved updates in regulatory so I seek will your assistance this matter with .
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too.
Jared just told me you a have BUNCH stuff of on plate your and I are think you to about much get busier too .
Jared told just me you have BUNCH a of stuff on plate your and think you I are about to much get busier . too
cool by me!
by cool me !
cool by ! me
Jared, Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning.
Jared , and Ruth I are going to go over all Florida the tomorrow activity morning .
Jared , and Ruth I are going go to all over Florida the tomorrow activity morning .
If no one objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow.
No if one objects , I will be the coordinator lead on starting tomorrow Florida .
No if one objects , I will be the coordinator lead Florida on starting . tomorrow
Yes maam, she's UBS now.
Yes , maam she ' s now UBS .
Maam , yes she ' s UBS now .
She was just down here too.
She was down just too here .
She just was down too here .
Chris,
, chris
, chris
I didn't remember if your email mentioned Judy.
Didn I ' t remember if your mentioned email . Judy
Didn I ' t remember if email your mentioned . Judy
Did she make it?
Did make she it ?
She did make it ?
Cindy Franklin Transportation Services Work:832.676.3177 Fax: 832.676.1329 Pager: 1.888.509.3736
Cindy Franklin Transportation Work Services : 832 . . 676 3177 Fax 832 : 676 . . Pager 1329 : . 1 . 888 . 509 3736
Cindy Franklin Services Transportation : Work 832 . . 676 3177 : Fax . 832 676 . 1329 : Pager 1 . 509 888 . . 3736
******************************************************************
******************************************************************
******************************************************************
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
Email this any and transmitted files with it from the ElPaso Corporation are and confidential intended solely for the the use of individual entity to whom or they are addressed .
This email and any files with transmitted it from the Corporation ElPaso confidential are solely intended and the for of use individual the or entity to whom they are addressed .
If you have received this email in error please notify the sender.
You if have received this email in error please the sender notify .
If you have this received in email error please the notify sender .
******************************************************************
******************************************************************
******************************************************************
Jared, Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning.
, jared Ruth are and I going to go over all activity the Florida tomorrow morning .
Jared , Ruth and are going I go to over all Florida the activity morning tomorrow .
If no one objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow.
No if one objects , I will be the lead on coordinator starting tomorrow Florida .
If no one objects , will I be the coordinator lead on starting tomorrow Florida .
OK, I never get to talk to Ruth because SHE IS ALWAYS ON THE PHONE.
OK , never I get talk to to Ruth SHE because IS ALWAYS THE ON PHONE .
OK , I never get to talk because to SHE Ruth ALWAYS IS THE ON PHONE .
And I bet she's on the phone with Shemin too!!!
And I bet she ' s the on phone with too Shemin ! ! !
I and bet she ' on the s with phone Shemin too ! ! !
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself?
We should all get together and make conference a call to like Dominion we before did or I call should just Jeff Davis myself ?
Should all we get and together conference make a call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff myself Davis ?
Our last call was Iris Kind, Bill Savier(sp?), and Jeff Davis.
Last our was call Iris Kind , Bill Savier ( ? sp ) , Davis and Jeff .
Last our call Iris Kind was , Bill ( Savier sp ? ) , and Davis Jeff .
Don't forget about me.
Don t ' forget about . me
Don t ' forget about . me
I'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement.
' I m trying still to find out what it will take move to gas and on agreement ENA tabs .
I ' m still trying find to out what it will take to move gas on ENA and tabs agreement .
No transportation at this point, just a tabs.
No at transportation point this , just tabs a .
Transportation no at point this , a just tabs .
Also, it will be much easier for you guys to monitor because most of the deals will be monthly.
Also , it be will much easier you for to guys monitor most of because the deals will monthly be .
Also , it will much be easier for you to guys monitor because of the most deals will be monthly .
Steve, everything looks good with one exception.
Steve , looks everything good with one . exception
Steve , everything looks good with one exception .
The rate schedule on Tennessee should be either NET-2 or NET-284.
The schedule rate on should Tennessee either be NET - or 2 NET - 284 .
Rate schedule the Tennessee on should be either NET - 2 or - NET 284 .
I won't find out until Monday.
I won ' t until find out Monday .
I won ' find t until out Monday .
You review and approve it, keep it on your desk, and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday.
And review you approve it , keep it desk on your , and will I come and over make the change at your desk Monday on .
You review and approve it , it keep your on desk , will and I come and over make the change desk at on your Monday .
Then I'll take it to Ed for his approval.
Then I ' take ll it Ed to his for approval .
I then ' take ll it Ed to for his approval .
By the way, Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray.
By the way , Cullen Dykman and is sending of copies we what doing are to Gray Melanie .
By the way Cullen , and Dykman is sending copies of what doing we to are Gray Melanie .
Chris:
: chris
: chris
Per our conversation a few minutes ago, attached please find the revised Stipulation.
Per our conversation a few minutes ago attached , please find the revised . Stipulation
Per our conversation a few ago minutes , please attached find revised the . Stipulation
This document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago.
This document been modified has the with changes that were in mark the - up faxed you Donohue to Toni here a few hours ago .
Document this has modified been with changes the that were the mark in up - you to faxed Toni Donohue here a few hours ago .
I also deleted "subject to recall" based on our discussion, assuming you get approval for that revision.
I deleted also subject " to recall " based on discussion our , you assuming get approval for that revision .
Also I " deleted subject to recall " based our discussion on assuming you , get approval for that revision .
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney.
You informed me that you discuss would this with your attorney .
You informed me that you would this discuss with your attorney .
Also, as I mentioned to you, we have faxed your mark-up to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in Houston to keep her informed.
, also as I mentioned to you we , have your faxed mark up - to Gray Melanie Gotschal at in Weil Houston to keep her informed .
Also , as mentioned I you to , we faxed have your mark - to up Melanie Gray Weil at in Gotschal Houston her to keep informed .
(Her voice mail says she's out of the office until Monday.)
Her ( mail voice says she s ' out of the until office Monday . )
( voice mail Her says ' she out s of the office until Monday . )
Thanks for all your help on this.
Thanks all for your on help this .
For thanks all help your on this .
David T. Metcalfe Cullen and Dykman LLP 177 Montague Street Brooklyn, New York 11201 phone: 718-780-0046 fax: 718-780-0276 e-mail: dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
T david Metcalfe and . Cullen LLP Dykman 177 Montague Street Brooklyn , New York phone 11201 : 718 - 780 0046 - fax : 718 - 780 - 0276 e - : mail dmetcalfe @ cullenanddykman . com
T david . Metcalfe and Cullen Dykman Montague LLP Street 177 Brooklyn , York New phone 11201 : 718 - 780 - fax 0046 : 718 - 780 0276 - e - mail : dmetcalfe cullenanddykman @ . com
____________________________________________________
____________________________________________________
____________________________________________________
This email may contain material that is confidential, privileged and/or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient(s).
This may contain email material is that confidential , privileged and / or work product attorney sole for the of use the intended recipient ( s ) .
Email this contain may material is that , confidential privileged and / or work attorney product for the sole use of intended recipient the ( ) s .
Any review, reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited.
Review any , reliance or by distribution others forwarding or without permission express strictly is prohibited .
Review any , reliance or distribution others by or without permission forwarding express is strictly prohibited .
If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete all copies.
You if not are the intended recipient , please the sender contact and all delete copies .
If you are the not recipient intended , please the contact delete sender and all copies .
<<Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc>>
< < Stipulation - - ECT re KEDNE & IGTS Cap Releases Tennessee - FINAL . doc > >
< < Stipulation ECT - - re KEDNE & IGTS Tennessee Cap Releases - FINAL . doc > >
<<BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap Releases -2-F.doc>>
< < BLACKLINE - Stip - - ECT KEDNE Releases re Cap - F 2 - doc . > >
< < BLACKLINE - - ECT Stip KEDNE - Cap re - 2 Releases - F . doc > >
- Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc - BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap Releases -2-F.doc
- Stipulation - ECT - re KEDNE IGTS & Tennessee Releases Cap - . FINAL - BLACKLINE doc - Stip - ECT KEDNE - re Releases Cap - - 2 . F doc
- Stipulation - ECT - KEDNE re IGTS Tennessee & Cap - Releases FINAL . doc - BLACKLINE - Stip - ECT re - KEDNE Releases Cap 2 - - F doc .
A heartwarming story of the advances of women in achieving equality throughout the world.
A story heartwarming of the advances in of women equality achieving throughout the world .
Heartwarming a story of the advances of women in achieving throughout equality the world .
Barbara Walters did a story on gender roles in Kuwait several years before the Gulf War.
Barbara Walters did story a gender on roles in Kuwait several years the before Gulf War .
Walters barbara did a on story gender in roles several Kuwait years the before Gulf War .
She noted then that women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands.
She noted then women that walked customarily about behind 10 feet their husbands .
She noted then women customarily that walked about 10 feet behind their husbands .
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives.
She returned to Kuwait recently observed and that the now men yards walked several behind wives their .
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed the that men now several walked behind yards their wives .
Ms. Walters approached one of the women and said, "This is marvelous.
Ms . Walters approached one of the women and said , " This is marvelous .
Ms . approached Walters of one the women said and , " is This marvelous .
Can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles?"
Can you the tell free world just what enabled women to here this achieve of roles reversal ? "
You can tell the world free just what women enabled here achieve to this of reversal roles ? "
"Land mines," said the Kuwaiti woman.
" Land mines , " said the Kuwaiti . woman
" Land , mines " the said Kuwaiti . woman
Cullen and Dykman (attorneys for Boston Gas Company) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas.
Cullen and Dykman ( attorneys for Boston Gas Company ) all approved our of changes the agreement on release to Tenn the space and Iroq to back Boston Gas .
Cullen and Dykman for ( attorneys Boston Gas Company ) approved of all changes our the on agreement release to Tenn the and space Iroq back to Gas Boston .
They also made one other change, they are taking out the "subject to recall" language at the bottom of page 2 under item #1.
Also they made other one change , are they taking out " the subject recall to " language at the bottom page of 2 under item # 1 .
Also they made one other change , they taking are out " the to recall subject " language the at bottom of page 2 under # item . 1
They will be sending the revised document to me.
Will they be the sending document revised to me .
Will they be the sending document revised to me .
I will deliver it to you for your approval.
I will deliver you it to your for approval .
Will I it to deliver you for your approval .
Maybe we can go drinking too.
Maybe can we go too drinking .
Maybe can we drinking go too .
That would be fun.
Would that be fun .
That be would fun .
I'll be at your house around 10:30 or 11 tonight.
I ' ll at your be house around 10 30 : 11 or tonight .
' I ll at be house your around 10 : 30 or 11 . tonight
YOU REALLY DO NOT HAVE TO GO.
REALLY YOU DO NOT TO HAVE GO .
REALLY YOU NOT DO HAVE TO GO .
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN.
I KNOW YOU A HAVE GOING ON LOT WITH YOU AND LITTLE THE WOMAN .
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING YOU ON WITH AND THE LITTLE WOMAN .
I CAN HANDLE THE TRACTOR.
CAN I HANDLE THE TRACTOR .
I CAN HANDLE TRACTOR THE .
love TO HAVE YOU ALONG FOR THE COMPANY, BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARY.
TO love HAVE YOU FOR ALONG THE COMPANY , IT BUT IS NECESSARY NOT .
TO love HAVE ALONG FOR YOU THE COMPANY , IT BUT IS NOT NECESSARY .
YOU HAVE A LOT ON YOU PLATE, DAD.
A YOU HAVE LOT YOU ON PLATE , DAD .
HAVE YOU A ON LOT YOU , PLATE DAD .
Chris.Germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 PM
Chris . Germany @ enron . com on 01 / / 2002 25 : 03 : 13 PM 58
. chris @ enron Germany . com on 01 / / 25 03 2002 : 13 : 58 PM
Funny.
. funny
. funny
No.
. no
. no
I didn't feel guilty about the garage sale, that's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR.
I didn feel ' t guilty the about sale garage , that ' why I s annoyed was - notified being at 10 : 00 at night GRRRRRRR .
I didn t ' feel guilty the about garage sale , ' that I s why was annoyed - being notified at 10 00 at : GRRRRRRR night .
I do feel guilty about you doing all this work.
I do guilty feel about you all doing work this .
Do I feel guilty about doing you this all work .
So I'm going with you, I pay for the gas and the twinkies.
I so ' m going you with , I pay for the and gas the twinkies .
' so I m going with you , pay I for the and gas twinkies the .
Correction,
, correction
, correction
Jack welch is the CEO of GE, not GM.
Welch jack is the GE CEO of , not GM .
Jack welch the is of CEO GE , GM not .
Vince Kaminski
Kaminski vince
Kaminski vince
The eThink Team
The Team eThink
eThink the Team
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak "wish list" for us.
We recently asked to you an create eSpeak " wish " list for . us
Recently we asked you create to an eSpeak wish " list " us for .
The response was tremendous and, in some cases, very creative.
The response was tremendous and , some in , cases creative very .
The was response and tremendous , in some cases , very . creative
Your fellow employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush.
Your fellow employees asked for from everyone Spears Britney to George . Bush
Your fellow asked employees for from everyone Britney Spears George to Bush .
In all, we received requests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event.
In all , we for received requests 61persons outside of Enron host to an eSpeak event .
, in all requests we received for 61persons outside of to Enron host an eSpeak event .
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting, so we've provided a sampling of the suggestions below.
We thought you might to like know who find your , colleagues interesting we so ' ve a provided sampling of the suggestions below .
Thought you we might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so ' we ve a provided sampling the of suggestions below .
Here are the top ten most requested eSpeakers.
Here are the top most ten eSpeakers requested .
Here are the ten top most eSpeakers requested .
10. Jack Welch, CEO, General Motors
. 10 Jack , Welch CEO , General Motors
10 . Welch Jack CEO , , General Motors
9. Scott McNeally, CEO, Sun Microsystems
9 Scott . McNeally CEO , , Sun Microsystems
. 9 Scott McNeally , CEO , Microsystems Sun
8. Satisfied Enron Customers
. 8 Satisfied Enron Customers
8 Satisfied . Enron Customers
7. Stephen Covey, author, The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People
7 . Stephen , Covey author , The Habits of Seven Highly People Effective
7 . Stephen Covey , The author , Habits Seven of Highly People Effective
6. Oprah Winfrey, talkshow host
6 . Oprah Winfrey , talkshow host
6 . Oprah , Winfrey host talkshow
5. General Colin Powell, former Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, U.S.A.
. 5 General Powell Colin , Chairman former , Joint Chiefs Staff of , U . S . A .
. 5 General Powell Colin , former Chairman , Joint of Chiefs Staff , S U . . . A
4. Alan Greenspan, Chairman, Federal Reserve, U.S.A.
4 . Alan , Chairman Greenspan , Federal Reserve , S U . . A .
4 . Alan , Greenspan Chairman Federal , , Reserve U . S . . A
3. Former U.S. President George Bush
. 3 Former U . . S George President Bush
3 . Former . U S . President George Bush
2. Bill Gates, CEO, Microsoft
2 . Bill Gates , Microsoft CEO ,
2 . Bill , Gates CEO Microsoft ,
1. Texas Governor George W. Bush
1 . Texas W Governor George . Bush
. Texas 1 Governor George W . Bush
While we can't make any promises, we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests.
While we can ' t make any promises , we will do our best bring to in least at some of these guests special .
Can while we ' t make any , promises we will do our best bring to in at of least some special these guests .
If you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers, please let us know at ethink@enron.com.
If you any have contacts who could help get in us with touch these guest speakers please , us let know ethink at @ . enron com .
You if have contacts who any could help us get in touch these with guest speakers let , please us know at ethink @ enron . com .
Everybody needs a little help now and then, even eSpeak.
Needs everybody a help little now and , then even eSpeak .
Needs everybody a little help now and then , even eSpeak .
There were plenty of internal speakers requested, as well.
There were of plenty internal requested speakers , well as .
Were plenty there of internal speakers requested , well as .
Those requests should be somewhat easier to meet, although scheduling time with some of our colleagues can be quite a task!
Those requests be somewhat should easier meet to , scheduling although time some with of our colleagues can be quite task a !
Those requests should be somewhat to easier meet , although scheduling time with some of can our colleagues quite be ! a task
Thank you all for your participation.
You thank all your for participation .
Thank all you your for participation .
Dale,
, dale
, dale
Confirmed.
. confirmed
. confirmed
Vince
Vince
Vince
Vince:
: vince
: vince
7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect.
at 7am Hyatt Regency Downtown be would perfect .
at 7am Hyatt Downtown Regency would be perfect .
I will see you in the lobby at 7am.
I will see you in the lobby 7am at .
Will I you see in the at lobby 7am .
Best regards,
Best , regards
Regards best ,
Dale
Dale
Dale
Dale,
, dale
, dale
Friday is a bad day (Performance Review Committee all day).
Is friday bad a day ( Performance Review Committee day all ) .
Is friday bad a day ( Review Performance Committee all day ) .
What about 7:00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7:00?
About what 7 : 00 at the office breakfast or 7 meeting at : 00 ?
What 7 about 00 : the at office or breakfast meeting 7 at : 00 ?
We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street).
Can we meet Hyatt at Regency Downtown Smith ( Street ) .
We meet can at Hyatt Downtown Regency ( Smith ) Street .
Vince
Vince
Vince
Vince:
: vince
: vince
Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office?
Can we get Friday together morning July 7 at 800 am at office your ?
Can we get together Friday morning July at 7 am 800 at your office ?
That would be particularly convenient for me.
Would that be particularly convenient me for .
Would that be particularly for convenient me .
I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane.
Will I to have downtown leave about at 945 to catch a plane .
I have will to leave downtown at about 945 to catch plane a .
That will ensure that I wont take up too much of your time!!
That will ensure that wont I take too up much of your time ! !
Will that ensure that I wont too take up much of time your ! !
Thanks for your efforts here, and thanks for being patient with me.
Thanks for your efforts and here thanks , for being patient me with .
For thanks your efforts here , thanks and being for with patient me .
Dale Nesbitt
Nesbitt dale
Nesbitt dale
FYI
FYI
FYI
Vince sold!
Sold vince !
Sold vince !
I'll initiate the call.
' I initiate ll the call .
I ' initiate ll call the .
Ed,
, ed
, ed
Thursday works for me.
Thursday works me for .
Thursday for works me .
What about 10:30 my time?
What 10 about : my 30 time ?
What about : 10 30 time my ?
Vince
Vince
Vince
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
Please respond ekrapels to < @ esaibos . > com
Please respond to < @ ekrapels . esaibos > com
how about Thursday, July 6?
how Thursday about July , 6 ?
how about , Thursday 6 July ?
Ed,
, ed
, ed
A correction.
Correction a .
A . correction
I shall spend an entire day at PRC (performance review) on Friday, July 7.
I spend shall an day at entire PRC ( performance review ) on Friday , July 7 .
Shall I spend entire day an PRC at ( performance review on ) Friday , July 7 .
Can we do on another day
Can we do on day another
Can we do another on day
Vince
Vince
Vince
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
Respond please to ekrapels < @ esaibos com . >
Respond to please < ekrapels @ esaibos com . >
I'll still be here in Boston so we'd do it over the phone.
I ' ll still be Boston here in so we d ' it do over phone the .
I ' ll still be in here Boston so we ' do d it over phone the .
OK?
? OK
? OK
Ed,
, ed
, ed
Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone?
Will you be in on Houston that day or shall we do it the over phone ?
You will in be Houston on that day or we shall it do the over ? phone
Vince
Vince
Vince
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
Respond please to ekrapels < @ esaibos . > com
Please < respond to ekrapels @ esaibos com . >
Vince,
, vince
, vince
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
How about a - pre meeting web site cruise Friday on , 7 July at 11AM EDT ?
How about a pre - web meeting cruise site on Friday , at July 11AM 7 EDT ?
Ed
Ed
Ed
Ed,
, ed
, ed
July 12, 2:30 it is.
July 12 , : 30 2 it is .
12 july , 2 : 30 is it .
I would like the pre-meeting site cruise.
I like would pre the meeting - site cruise .
I would the like - pre meeting cruise site .
How can we arrange it?
How can we it arrange ?
How we can arrange it ?
Vince
Vince
Vince
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
To please respond < ekrapels @ esaibos com . >
Please respond to ekrapels < @ . esaibos > com
Vince,
, vince
, vince
We're all set for 2:30 on July 12.
We ' re set all for 2 : 30 12 on July .
We ' all set re for 2 : 30 July on 12 .
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
About how a pre - meeting web site cruise Friday on , July 7 11AM at EDT ?
How about a pre - meeting cruise web on site Friday July , at 7 11AM EDT ?
Ed
Ed
Ed
Ed,
, ed
, ed
Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 will work for me.
Wednesday July , 12 , 2 300 : will for work me .
, wednesday 12 July , 2 : 300 work will for me .
I shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com.
I glad shall to be your review website - - www . weathereffects . com .
Shall I be glad to your review website - - . www weathereffects . . com
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me.
I shall invite some people who work on in electricity my group to me join .
I invite shall people some who work on electricity in my group to join me .
Vince
Vince
Vince
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
Please respond < to ekrapels esaibos @ com . >
Respond please < to ekrapels @ . esaibos com >
Vince,
, vince
, vince
Good to hear from you and I'm glad you're available.
Good to hear you from I and ' glad m you ' available re .
To good hear from you and I m ' glad you ' re available .
How is Wednesday at 2:30?
How is Wednesday 2 at 30 : ?
How is 2 Wednesday at : 30 ?
I did look at EOL and am not surprised to see its quality.
I did look at and EOL am to not surprised see quality its .
I did at look and EOL am surprised not to see its . quality
I was unable to say much about it in my Risk Electricity Hedging and Trading report because of deadline pressures.
I was unable to say about it much my in Electricity Risk Hedging and Trading because report deadline of pressures .
I was unable to say about much in my it Risk Electricity Hedging and Trading of report because deadline . pressures
How is the site doing?
Is how the site doing ?
How is site the doing ?
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman, Morgan, BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours.
Am I by intrigued the competition for trading platforms was and to astonished hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were to going a launch to site compete with yours .
Am I by intrigued the for competition trading and platforms was astonished to that hear Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .
Talk about a shotgun marriage!
Talk about a marriage shotgun !
Talk a about shotgun marriage !
If we have time next week, I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com.
We if have time next week , I could step you our through - website - www . weathereffects com . .
If we have time , next week I step you could through our website - www - . weathereffects com . .
I'm very proud of what we've done.
' m I very of proud what we ' ve done .
' I m very proud of we what ve ' done .
I can't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password.
Can I ' t give a out password yet but would happy be to walk the site through with you the over phone using password . my
I can ' t give a out yet password but would happy be to through walk the you site with the over phone using password my .
It's a very ambitious site -- with state-of-the-art WSI weather (seasonal, 6-10, and day to day) driving a good load model for PJM and NEPOOL.
It ' s very a ambitious - site - with state - of - the - art weather WSI ( , seasonal 6 10 - , day and day to driving ) a good model load PJM for and NEPOOL .
' s it a very ambitious site - - with state - of - - the WSI art weather ( seasonal , 6 - , 10 and day to ) day driving a good load model for PJM and NEPOOL .
ESAI contributes oil and gas input price forecasts, capacity judgments, and "herding" ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods.
ESAI contributes and oil gas input price forecasts , judgments capacity , herding and " " to develop power ideas price for forecasts same time periods .
ESAI contributes oil and input gas price forecasts , capacity judgments and , " herding " ideas develop to price for power forecasts same time periods .
After one month's full-bore effort, I'm pleased with the results (e.g., we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $43 and it turned out $46).
After one month s ' full bore - effort , I m ' with the pleased results e ( g . . we , Nepool forecast onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned $ out 46 ) .
After one month ' s full - effort bore , I ' m with pleased the results e ( . g . , we forecast Nepool onpeak to $ be 43 and turned it out $ ) 46 .
Have a great weekend.
Have great a weekend .
A have great weekend .
Ed
Ed
Ed
Ed,
, ed
, ed
I shall be available on both days.
I available shall be on both days .
I shall be available days on both .
What about Wednesday, July 12, between 1:30 and 4:00.
What about Wednesday , July 12 , between 1 : 30 and : 4 . 00
What about Wednesday , 12 July between , : 1 30 and 4 : . 00
Please, let me know what time would work for you.
Please let , me know what would time for work you .
, please let me what know time work would for you .
It will be nice to see you again.
Will it be nice see to you again .
It be will nice to see again you .
Vince
Vince
Vince
P.S. By the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL?
P . . S By the , way did you have a chance to take look a at EOL the ?
. p S . By way the did , you have a chance to take look a at the EOL ?
Please respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com
Please respond to @ ekrapels esaibos com .
Respond please to ekrapels @ esaibos com .
Caroline Abramo@ENRON
Caroline Abramo ENRON @
Abramo caroline @ ENRON
03/02/2001 10:46 AM
03 / 02 / 10 2001 : AM 46
03 / / 02 10 2001 : 46 AM
what do you think?
do what you think ?
what do you ? think
Joe_Lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 AM
Joe_Lardy @ . cargill on com / 03 02 2001 / : 10 39 : 03 AM
@ Joe_Lardy cargill com . on 03 02 / / 2001 10 : : 39 AM 03
Currently Cargill and Enron have a 15MM collateral threshold.
Currently Cargill and Enron have a threshold collateral 15MM .
Currently and Cargill Enron a 15MM have collateral threshold .
If possible, I think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz.
If possible , I think cleanest the to run way this biz would be to put a around box the prime broker . biz
If possible , I think the cleanest way to run this be biz would a to box put the around prime biz broker .
We would still operate under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex for this biz.
Would we still operate under master the but isda could set up a mutually agreeable credit annex support biz for this .
Would we still operate under the but master isda set could a up mutually agreeable credit support annex this for biz .
We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement.
Would we still the keep , 20 000 , line 000 referenced in Schedule B of agreement the POA .
Would we still the keep 20 , 000 , 000 line referenced in Schedule B POA of the agreement .
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral.
Line the in the is POA a seperate distinct and measure from daily the collateral .
The line in POA the is a seperate and measure distinct from daily the . collateral
The 20 mill reflects gross exposure.
20 the mill reflects gross . exposure
The mill 20 reflects exposure gross .
Let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable.
Me let know if you think this is reasonable and workable .
Let me know you if think this is and reasonable . workable
We too, are open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us.
We too , are open to suggestion as Global the Enron and relationships are very important and a high priority to us .
We too , are to open suggestion as Global and the Enron relationships very are important high and a priority to us .
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Joe
Joe
Joe
Joe-
- joe
- joe
a few things regading the POA/ Cargill line..
a things few the regading POA Cargill / line . .
a few things regading the POA / line Cargill . .
I am going to find out how much line we currently have available... you probably already have this.
Am I going to find out much how we line have currently available . . . probably you already this have .
I am going to find out much how line currently we available have . . . probably already you this have .
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line, putting us over the limit, without me knowing...
We should allocate a piece Global to which would solve problem other the of people Cargill using the , line putting over us limit the without , me knowing . . .
Should we allocate a piece Global would which to solve the problem of other Cargill using people line the putting , us over limit the , without me knowing . . .
We could change the language of the POA to this...
We could change the language of the POA to . this . .
We could change language the of the this POA to . . .
we will not go over Global's piece of the Cargill line...
Will we not go over s Global ' piece of Cargill the line . . .
will not we go over Global ' s piece of the Cargill line . . .
I think this would solve our main concern...
Think I would this solve main our concern . . .
Think this I solve would our main concern . . .
Please let me know... we are eager to keep trading with Global and yourselves...
Let me please know . . . we eager are keep to trading with Global and yourselves . . .
Let me please know . . . are we to eager keep trading with yourselves Global and . . .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Caroline
Caroline
Caroline
Dee:
: dee
: dee
Let me know if we need to discuss anything.
Let me if know we to discuss need anything .
Let me know if we need discuss to anything .
I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies.
Am I hopeful that are we to ready prepare execution copies .
Am hopeful I that we are ready prepare to execution copies .
Regards.
. regards
. regards
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
Susan Bailey
Bailey susan
Bailey susan
02/27/2001 08:23 AM
02 / / 27 2001 : 08 23 AM
/ 02 27 / 2001 08 : AM 23
Dee,
, dee
, dee
Attached for your review is a blacklined version of the: (a) Schedule and (b) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement.
Attached for your review a is blacklined of version the : a ( ) Schedule ( and b ) 13 Paragraph to the Master ISDA Agreement .
Attached for your is review a blacklined version of the : ( ) a and Schedule ( b Paragraph ) to 13 ISDA the Master Agreement .
These have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000, and include ENA's accepted changes per your (a) faxed comments transmitted to ENA on January 5, 2001, and (b) e-mail comments transmitted to ENA on January 19th, 2001.
These have been compared the against draft 11 dated / 8 / 2000 , include and ENA ' per s accepted changes your ( a ) faxed comments transmitted ENA to on January 5 , 2001 , and ( ) b - e mail comments transmitted to ENA on January 19th , . 2001
These have compared been against the draft dated 11 / 8 / 2000 , and include ENA ' changes s accepted your per ( a ) comments faxed transmitted to ENA on 5 January 2001 , , and ( b ) e mail - comments to transmitted on ENA January 19th , 2001 .
We look forward to your response.
Look we to forward your response .
Look we to forward your response .
Cordially,
, cordially
, cordially
Susan S. Bailey
Susan S Bailey .
S susan . Bailey
I don't know anything about these transactions.
Don I t ' know anything about transactions these .
I don t ' anything know these about transactions .
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
Jorge A Garcia@ENRON
Jorge Garcia A @ ENRON
Jorge Garcia A @ ENRON
03/01/2001 01:35 PM
03 / 01 / 01 2001 35 : PM
03 / 01 2001 01 / : 35 PM
Good Afternoon Sara,
Afternoon good Sara ,
Good Afternoon , Sara
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously.
Wanted to I up follow with regarding you creation the and approval of ISDA for Confirmations following the equity that trades I understand Laurel discussed had with you previously .
Wanted I to follow up with regarding you the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations following for the equity trades that I had understand Laurel discussed with previously you .
1) Edison International- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. (2 in total)
) 1 Edison - International Swap with Europe Enron . Ltd ( 2 in total )
) 1 - Edison International Swap with Europe Enron Ltd . ( 2 in total )
2) PG&E- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. (3 in total)
PG 2 ) & E - with Enron Swap Europe Ltd . ( 3 total in )
) 2 PG & Swap E - with Enron Ltd Europe . ( in 3 total )
Please advise.
Advise please .
Advise please .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Jorge
Jorge
Jorge
"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows:
" Calculation of Floating Amount : Floating The payable Amount by [ ] ENA a on Date Payment be will calculated for Payment that as Date follows :
" Calculation Floating of Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] a Payment on Date be will calculated Payment that for Date as : follows
Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price) - USD[38,000?]
Floating Amount = Notional ( Quantity per Period Calculation X Floating ) Price USD - 38 [ , ? 000 ]
Amount floating = Notional ( Quantity per Calculation X Period Price Floating ) - USD [ 38 , 000 ? ]
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
"Other Provisions: On each Payment Date, [ENA] shall pay [a fee of] [an amount equal to] USD{38,000?], which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [Master Agreement - how do you refer to the agreement?]"
Other " : Provisions each On Payment Date , [ ENA ] shall pay [ a ] fee of [ an amount equal to ] USD 38 { , 000 ? ] , which amount shall be to subject the netting provisions of the [ Agreement Master - do how you refer the to agreement ? ] "
Other " Provisions : On Payment each Date , [ ENA ] pay shall [ fee a of ] [ an equal amount to ] { USD 38 , 000 ? ] , which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [ Agreement Master - how do you refer to agreement the ? ] "
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
03/02/2001 02:10 PM
03 / 02 2001 / 02 : PM 10
03 / 02 / 2001 : 02 PM 10
"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows:
" Calculation of Amount : The Floating Floating Amount payable by [ ] on ENA a Date Payment will be calculated for that Date Payment as follows :
" of Calculation Floating : Amount Amount The payable Floating by [ ENA ] on Payment a will Date be calculated for Payment that Date as follows :
Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price) - USD[38,000?]
Floating Amount = ( Quantity Notional Calculation Period per X Price Floating ) USD - [ 38 , ? 000 ]
Amount floating = ( Notional per Quantity Period Calculation Floating X ) Price - USD [ 38 , ? 000 ]
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
What person(s) in London prepares credit for the English and Singapore financial transactions?
Person what ( s ) in London prepares credit for English the and financial Singapore transactions ?
Person what ( s ) London in credit prepares for the English and Singapore financial transactions ?
At some point in the not so distant future, the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the "philosophy" behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions.
Some at in point not so the distant future , the and Houson London credit departments to need in speak order that understands each the " philosophy " credit analysis behind for the omnibus and master transactions .
Some at point in the not future distant so , Houson the and credit London departments to need in speak order that each understands " the philosophy " behind credit analysis the for omnibus and master transactions .
I look forward to hearing from you.
I look forward hearing from to you .
I look to forward hearing from . you
Regards.
. regards
. regards
Sara
Sara
Sara
ps Congrats on your promotion!
ps Congrats on promotion your !
ps Congrats your on promotion !
I didn't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand.
I didn t ' a have chance to with you speak the after offsite to shake your hand .
Didn I ' t have a to speak chance with you the after offsite to shake your . hand
Hope you enjoyed your weekend in Houston.
Hope you enjoyed weekend in your Houston .
You hope enjoyed your weekend Houston in .
looks fine
Fine looks
fine looks
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
Carlos Alatorre@ENRON
Carlos Alatorre ENRON @
Carlos @ Alatorre ENRON
02/27/2001 06:07 PM
02 / 27 / 06 2001 07 : PM
02 / 27 / 2001 : 06 PM 07
Sara:
: sara
: sara
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product.
We need to change the Prod Description fro LME the Product .
We need the to change Description Prod fro the LME Product .
The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text, which instead of "...Two business days after the date of the Transaction..." shall read as follow:
The is change the mainly Settlement on Date text , which of instead " . . . business Two after days date the of the Transaction . . . " shall read as follow :
Change the is on mainly Date the Settlement text , which instead of " . . . business Two after days date the Transaction of the . . . " read shall as follow :
For Curr LME LME (Spot) 01Mar01 JPY/USD
For LME Curr LME ( Spot ) 01Mar01 JPY / USD
For curr LME LME ( ) Spot 01Mar01 JPY / USD
A currency Transaction with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited ("EEFTL") as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. under which either (A) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy from EEFTL, Counterparty shall receive the Base Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign Currency Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to sell to EEFTL, Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive the Foreign Currency Amount.
A Transaction currency with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited ( " EEFTL " ) agent as for Risk Management & Corp Trading . under which either ( A ) for the case which in Counterparty submits an offer buy to EEFTL from , Counterparty shall receive Base the Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign Currency Amount , or ( B ) the for case which in Counterparty submits an offer to sell to EEFTL , Counterparty shall the pay Base Currency Amount and shall receive the Foreign Currency Amount .
A currency Transaction with Europe Enron Finance & Trading Limited ( " EEFTL " ) as agent for Risk Management & Corp Trading under . which either ( A ) for the case in which Counterparty submits offer an to buy from EEFTL , Counterparty shall receive the Currency Base Amount shall and pay the Foreign Currency Amount , or ( B for ) the case Counterparty in which submits offer an to sell to EEFTL , Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive the Foreign Currency Amount .
The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website.
Base the Currency Amount shall equal the volume submitted by Counterparty the via the Website .
The Base Currency Amount the shall equal volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website .
The Foreign Currency Amount shall equal the Base Currency Amount, multiplied by the daily London Metal Exchange (LME) fixing rate as published by Reuters on page MTLE on the date of the transaction, modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty via the Website.
The Foreign Currency Amount shall equal the Base Currency , Amount by multiplied the daily Metal London Exchange ( LME ) fixing rate as by published Reuters on MTLE page on date the of the transaction , modified by price the submitted the by via the Counterparty Website .
The Currency Foreign shall Amount equal Base the Currency Amount , multiplied by daily the London Metal Exchange ( LME ) fixing rate as published by on Reuters page MTLE on the date of the transaction , by modified the price by submitted the Counterparty the via Website .
The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website.
Term the of Transaction the correspond shall the to date ( s ) set forth in the Product description on the Website .
The term of Transaction the shall correspond date to the ( s ) set in forth the description Product the on Website .
The Settlement date shall be the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website.
Settlement the date be shall the date ( s ) forth set Product the in description on the Website .
Settlement the date shall the date be ( s ) forth set in Product the description the on Website .
The price is quoted in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base Currency').
Is the price quoted ( in JPY the ' Currency ' Foreign ) per US Dollar the ( ' Base Currency ' ) .
The is price in quoted JPY ( the Foreign ' Currency ' per US ) Dollar ( ' the Base ' Currency ) .
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars.
The unit of against measure which price quoted the is shall be US Dollars .
The of unit against measure which the price quoted is be shall US Dollars .
Please let me know your approval before we make any changes.
Let please me know your approval before make we any . changes
Let me please know your approval before we make changes any .
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Carlos
Carlos
Carlos
I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance coverage through Enron.
I need to have form a filled out that says I ' don t health have coverage insurance through Enron .
I need to have a filled form out that says I don ' have t health through insurance coverage Enron .
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR?
Can you out find I who need to it to send in HR ?
Can out you find who I need to it send to HR in ?
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kay
Kay
Kay
Your mom just called and said your dad's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m.
Your mom and just called said dad your ' surgery s will be at 2 : p 30 m . .
Your just mom called said and your dad ' s will at surgery be 2 30 : p . m .
Tuesday, March 20th.
Tuesday March , 20th .
, tuesday March 20th .
They will be there by noon on the 20th, and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU.
They will be by there noon on the 20th , and the surgery last will 1 5 . hours and they then ' watch ll him 2 for more hours before they put him into ICU .
Will they be by there noon on 20th the , and the surgery will last 1 5 . and hours they then ll ' watch him for 2 more hours they before him put ICU into .
They are hoping he'll only be in the hospital 48 hours.
Are they hoping he ' be ll only in the 48 hospital hours .
Are they hoping he ll ' be only in the hospital 48 . hours
Scott
Scott
Scott
Term sheet for draft contract, as requested.
Term sheet draft for contract as , requested .
Term sheet for contract draft , requested as .
I have a change in plans next week.
I have a change in plans week . next
I have a in change plans next . week
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
My is dad in surgery Ft having . Worth , so I will be heading that on way Monday .
My dad having is Ft surgery in . Worth , so will I heading be that on way Monday .
I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise.
Was I planning on to vacation be anyway but , I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft . Worth which I not would have had otherwise .
Was I planning to on be anyway vacation but , I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft . Worth which I would not have had otherwise .
I will manage client expectations accordingly.
I manage will expectations client accordingly .
I will client manage expectations . accordingly
Kay
Kay
Kay
I hope you don't change your mind about going to the wedding Sunday.
You I hope don ' t change your mind about going to the wedding Sunday .
You I hope ' don t change your mind about to going the wedding Sunday .
I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts.
I plan taking on Michael to the new Star exhibit Wars at Museum the of Fine Arts .
Plan I taking on Michael to new the Star Wars exhibit at the of Museum Arts Fine .
They showed some kids on TV, and they were quite taken with it.
Showed they kids some on TV , and they were quite it taken with .
They showed kids some on TV , and they were quite with taken it .
++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
+ + + + + + CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE + + + + +
+ + + + + + CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE + + + + +
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.
Information the this in email may be confidential and / or . privileged
Information the in this email may confidential be and / privileged or .
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above.
Email this intended is to reviewed be by only the individual or named organization above .
This email is intended to be reviewed only by the or individual organization named above .
If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited.
You if are not intended the or recipient an authorized representative of the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , or dissemination of copying email this and its attachments , if any , or the information contained prohibited herein is .
You if are not intended the recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient , you notified are that hereby any , review or dissemination of copying this email its and attachments , if any , or the contained information herein is prohibited .
If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system.
If you have received this email in error , please notify immediately sender by the email return and this delete from email system your .
You if have received this email in , error please immediately sender notify the by email return and delete this email from your system .
Thank You
You thank
You thank
Kay Mann
Mann kay
Mann kay
03/15/2001 04:03 PM
03 15 / / 04 2001 : 03 PM
/ 03 15 / 2001 04 : PM 03
I have a change in plans next week.
Have I a in change plans next week .
Have I a in change plans next week .
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
My dad is having surgery in Ft . Worth so I be , will heading that way on Monday .
My dad having is in surgery Ft . , Worth so will I heading be that way Monday on .
I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise.
Was I planning to be on vacation anyway , I but may have challenges some accessibility in Ft which . Worth I not would have otherwise had .
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , I but have may some accessibility challenges Ft in . Worth which would I not have had otherwise .
I will manage client expectations accordingly.
I will manage client expectations accordingly .
I will manage client expectations accordingly .
Kay
Kay
Kay
I'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal.
I ' planning m not to involved get this since is your deal .
I ' m not planning to get involved since this is your deal .
Is that ok with you?
Is that with ok you ?
Is that ok you with ?
Lorie Leigh @ ECT
Lorie Leigh ECT @
Lorie Leigh ECT @
03/15/2001 04:17 PM
/ 03 15 / 2001 04 : PM 17
03 / 15 / 04 2001 : PM 17
Conference Plus will be hosting this call:
Conference Plus be will hosting call this :
Conference Plus will be this call hosting :
the date: Thursday, March 22nd, 2001
Date the : Thursday , March , 22nd 2001
Date the : , Thursday March 22nd , 2001
the number: 1-800-991-9019
the number 1 : 800 - - - 991 9019
the number 1 : - 800 - - 9019 991
the passcode: 6871082#
the : passcode 6871082 #
the : passcode 6871082 #
the time: 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST
the time : 10 : AM 00 - 11 : 00 AM CST
the : time 10 : AM 00 - 11 : 00 CST AM
the place: EB 3143C
the place EB : 3143C
place the : EB 3143C
the subject: Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement
the subject : Turbine 1 Turbine and 2 Purchase Agreement
subject the : Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement
If you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696.
If you have problems any questions or please , feel to free call me at 713 - - 853 . 1696
If have you any or problems questions , please free to feel call me 713 at - - 853 1696 .
Thank you,
You thank ,
You thank ,
Lorie Leigh
Leigh lorie
Leigh lorie
Yes, but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain.
Yes but , it this time his is artery carotid - the one that transports to blood the brain .
Yes , but time this is his it carotid artery the - that one transports blood the to brain .
Big deal kinda stuff.
Big deal stuff kinda .
Deal big kinda stuff .
I hope your dad's surgery goes well!
I your hope dad s ' goes surgery well !
Hope I ' your dad s surgery goes well !
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?)?
Is this the related problems to he is having around getting ( circulatory ? ) ?
Is this related to the problems is he having getting ( around circulatory ? ) ?
Kathleen
Kathleen
Kathleen
Kay Mann
Mann kay
Mann kay
03/15/2001 04:11 PM
03 15 / / 2001 04 : PM 11
03 15 / / 2001 04 : PM 11
Kay Mann
Mann kay
Mann kay
03/15/2001 04:03 PM
03 15 / / 2001 04 : PM 03
03 / / 15 2001 04 : PM 03
I have a change in plans next week.
I have change a plans in next week .
Have I a change in plans week next .
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
My dad is surgery having in Ft . Worth , will so I heading be that Monday way on .
Dad my is having surgery in Ft . , Worth I so be will heading that way on Monday .
I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise.
Was to I planning be on vacation anyway but , I may some have accessibility challenges Ft in Worth . which I would not have otherwise had .
Was I planning to be on vacation , anyway but have I may some accessibility in challenges . Ft I Worth which would not have had otherwise .
I will manage client expectations accordingly.
Will I manage client accordingly expectations .
Will I manage client expectations . accordingly
Kay
Kay
Kay
For better or worse, all the folks under the heading "Origination" and "Development" are ours, although Kathleen has a special role with Development.
For or better worse , the all the folks under " heading Origination " and Development " " are , ours although Kathleen has a special role with Development .
Better or for worse , the all under the folks heading " Origination " and " " Development are ours , although Kathleen has a role special with Development .
Kay
Kay
Kay
FYI - See rows 49-53; columns E-J for our group.
- FYI rows See 49 - 53 ; columns - E for J our group .
FYI - rows See 49 - ; 53 columns E - for our J group .
Kathleen
Kathleen
Kathleen
Lorie Leigh @ ECT
Leigh lorie @ ECT
Leigh lorie @ ECT
03/15/2001 04:44 PM
/ 03 15 2001 / 04 : 44 PM
03 / 15 / 2001 04 : 44 PM
I received a report from HR and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees.
I a received report HR from it and appears there is conflicting regarding information some of the titles employees for various .
I received a from report and HR appears it there conflicting is information regarding some of the titles for various employees .
Please verify that the titles are correct for everyone in your group.
Please that verify the titles are for correct everyone your in group .
Please verify the that titles are correct for in everyone group your .
The ones that I made changes to are in red.
The ones that I made changes are to in red .
Ones the that made I changes to are red in .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Paula.
. paula
. paula
I formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet.
I formatted the file that so it print would one on size legal sheet .
I file formatted the so that it on would print one legal size sheet .
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier.
Please use this file new opposed the as to one I sent earlier .
Use please this new file opposed as to the one I sent earlier .
Please review the attached org chart for March and submit any changes by noon tomorrow.
Please review the attached for org chart March and submit any changes by noon tomorrow .
Please review the attached org for chart March submit and any changes by noon tomorrow .
It is imperative that all of the information on the attached file is accurate, including titles, as this information is being given directly to John Lavorato and Louise Kitchen.
Imperative it that is all of the information on the attached file is , accurate including titles , as this being information is directly given to John Lavorato and Louise Kitchen .
It is imperative all that of the on information attached the accurate file is , including , titles as information this being is directly given to John Lavorato and Louise Kitchen .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Paula.
. paula
. paula
Here's the version showing revisions.
Here ' s version the showing . revisions
Here ' s the showing version . revisions
Kay--
- kay -
- kay -
I finally got it to blackline correctly.
I finally got it to blackline correctly .
I finally got blackline it to correctly .
Here it is.
It here is .
Here is it .
Also attached is a sample availability provision (actually 2 different versions).
Attached is also a availability sample provision ( 2 actually different versions ) .
Also attached is sample a availability provision ( 2 actually different versions ) .
- redvepco.doc
- redvepco doc .
Redvepco - . doc
- SAMPLE.DOC
- SAMPLE DOC .
- . SAMPLE DOC
Lorie Leigh @ ECT
Leigh lorie @ ECT
Lorie Leigh ECT @
03/15/2001 04:17 PM
/ 03 15 / 04 2001 : 17 PM
/ 03 15 / 04 2001 : 17 PM
Conference Plus will be hosting this call:
Conference Plus be will hosting call this :
Will conference Plus be hosting this call :
the date: Thursday, March 22nd, 2001
date the : Thursday , March 22nd 2001 ,
the : date Thursday , 22nd March , 2001
the number: 1-800-991-9019
number the : 1 - - 800 - 991 9019
the number : 1 800 - 991 - 9019 -
the passcode: 6871082#
passcode the : 6871082 #
Passcode the : 6871082 #
the time: 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST
the time 10 : : 00 - AM : 11 00 AM CST
the time : 10 : AM 00 - 11 00 : CST AM
the place: EB 3143C
place the : EB 3143C
the place : 3143C EB
the subject: Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement
Subject the : Turbine and 1 Turbine 2 Agreement Purchase
the subject : 1 Turbine and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement
If you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696.
If you problems have any or , questions please feel to free call me at 713 - - 853 . 1696
If have you any problems or questions , feel please free call to me at - 713 853 - 1696 .
Thank you,
You thank ,
You thank ,
Lorie Leigh 46093
Lorie 46093 Leigh
Leigh lorie 46093
Kay Mann
Mann kay
Mann kay
02/13/2001 04:13 PM
02 / / 13 2001 04 : PM 13
/ 02 13 / 04 2001 : 13 PM
Good afternoon,
Afternoon good ,
Afternoon good ,
I'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet, showing revisions from your original version.
' I m forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing from revisions your original . version
' m I a forwarding revised development agreement term sheet , from showing revisions your original version .
We look forward to seeing you soon.
Look we forward to seeing soon you .
We look to forward seeing soon you .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kay
Kay
Kay
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico.
Peggy Banczak is the lawyer ENA handles Mexico who .
Banczak peggy is ENA the lawyer who handles . Mexico
John Schwartzenburg@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
John @ Schwartzenburg ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
John @ Schwartzenburg ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
03/16/2001 09:22 AM
03 / 16 2001 / 09 : AM 22
/ 03 16 / 09 2001 : 22 AM
I do not think the prior e-mail got through to Kay.
I do not the think e - prior mail got through Kay to .
I do think not the prior - e got mail to through Kay .
Are either of you familiar with this project?
Are of either you familiar this with project ?
Either are of you familiar with project this ?
We have had no contact with the ENA/Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I don't want to bust any structuring goals.
Have we had with no contact ENA the / Mexico Enron or commercial legal people and I don ' t want bust to any goals structuring .
We have had contact no the ENA with / Enron Mexico commercial or and legal people I don ' t want to bust any goals structuring .
Our project manager (Scott Laidlaw) and engineer (Harry Okabayashi) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ENA work.
Our project manager ( Scott ) Laidlaw and ( engineer Harry Okabayashi ) want to issue tasking a letter to procure services engineering on project to this support the ENA . work
Our project manager ( Scott Laidlaw ) engineer and ( Harry Okabayashi want ) to issue tasking a letter procure to engineering services on this to project the support work ENA .
I now understand that someone at ENA/Enron Mexico/Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project.
Understand I now someone that ENA at / Mexico Enron / Enron Wholesale has signed EPC an contract with ABB for this . project
I now that understand someone ENA at Enron / Mexico / Enron Wholesale signed has an EPC contract with ABB for this . project
I am not in the office today, so please include Renee Alfaro on your response.
I not in the am today office , so please include Renee Alfaro on response your .
I am not in the today office , so please include Renee Alfaro on your response .
JWVS
JWVS
JWVS
Hello Janice:
Janice hello :
Janice hello :
I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad.
I your enjoyed e recent - mail but sorry was hear to about your dad .
I enjoyed your recent e mail - but was sorry to hear about dad your .
It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly.
It though sounds as his health has significantly deteriorated .
It though as sounds his health has deteriorated significantly .
These are always difficult times.
These always are difficult times .
These always are difficult times .
As I watched my mother and father's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die, it is a very defining time in our lives.
I watched as my mother and father ' s health and deteriorate ultimately watched them die , it is a defining very in time lives our .
As I my watched mother father and ' s deteriorate health ultimately and watched die them , it is a very time defining in our lives .
But we can be very thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to have been raised in such loving homes.
But we can be very thankful to have such great parents and had to the privilege have to have raised been in such loving homes .
We but very can be to thankful have such great parents and to have the had privilege have to been raised in loving such homes .
Sounds as though Eric has done very well as SMSU.
Sounds though as has Eric done well very as SMSU .
As sounds though Eric done has well very as SMSU .
He is joining an excellent company.
Joining he is an excellent company .
He joining is an company excellent .
I am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an MBA.
Am I also to delighted that he hear will continue his working education toward an MBA .
I also am to delighted hear that he will continue his education toward working an MBA .
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can.
Are as we living in an age where capital intellectual is so valuable , it is important young every for to person obtain the very best possible education they can .
As we are living in an where age intellectual capital so is valuable , is it for important young every person to obtain the best very education they possible . can
As to our family, within the last ten days our youngest daughter Elizabeth was married to a young man from Buenos Aires, Argentina.
As to family our within , last the ten our youngest days daughter Elizabeth was married to a man young Buenos from Aires , Argentina .
As our to family , the within last our ten days daughter youngest was Elizabeth married to a man young from Buenos Aires , Argentina .
They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires.
They met while they were working both a on project lawyers as in Aires Buenos .
They while they met were both working a on as project lawyers in Buenos Aires .
They're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami, Florida.
They ' re currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will from be moving Buenos to Aires Miami Florida , .
They re ' on currently their honeymoon but after shortly returning will be moving from Buenos Aires Miami to , Florida .
This past Thursday night our sixth grandchild was born.
Past this Thursday night our grandchild was sixth born .
This past Thursday night sixth our grandchild was born .
It was born to our son David and his wife Courtney.
Was it born to our son and David his wife . Courtney
Was it born to our son David and his wife Courtney .
It was a 7 lb., 10 oz., 20 inch little boy.
It was 7 a lb . , 10 oz . , 20 boy little inch .
Was it 7 lb a . , oz 10 . , 20 inch little boy .
So we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days.
We so now three grandsons have and granddaughters three from ranging about 2 years - 4 months to down a few days .
We so have now grandsons three and three ranging granddaughters about from years 2 - 4 months down to a few days .
They are a great deal of fun.
They are a great of deal . fun
They are a great deal of fun .
We are doing quite well.
We are doing quite . well
We are doing quite . well
I am looking forward to seeing Ginger "Rees" Copeland when she comes to Houston.
I looking am to seeing forward Ginger " Rees " when she Copeland comes to Houston .
Am I looking forward to Ginger seeing " Rees " when Copeland she to Houston comes .
I would be delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should you ever have occasion to visit Houston.
I would be delighted to tickets arrange you for your and you family should ever have to occasion visit Houston .
I would be arrange delighted to tickets for and you family your you should have ever occasion to visit Houston .
I hope you have a great summer.
I you hope a have great summer .
I you have hope a great summer .
Thank you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference.
You thank for your recent request for . Lay Mr to speak at conference your .
You thank your for recent for request Mr . Lay to at speak your conference .
Unfortunately, do to Mr. Lay's schedule he will not be able to participate.
, unfortunately do to Mr . Lay schedule ' s he will not be to participate able .
, unfortunately to Mr do . Lay ' s he schedule will not able be to participate .
Thank you again,
You thank again ,
Thank you , again
Tori L. Wells Executive Secretary
Tori L . Wells Secretary Executive
L tori . Wells Executive Secretary
Hi -
- hi
- hi
Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work.
To just you know let that it like looks one day will work .
To let you just know that it looks like one day work will .
I want to check with Mr. Lay before confirming.
Want I check with to Mr . Lay before confirming .
I to check want with Mr . Lay before . confirming
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Rosalee
Rosalee
Rosalee
Dear Ken,
Dear , Ken
Ken dear ,
As you know, our next meeting is on Wednesday, July 12 from 3:00-5:30 p.m.
You as , know our next on meeting is Wednesday July , 12 from 3 : 00 - 5 : p 30 m . .
As , you know next our is meeting on Wednesday July , 12 3 from 00 : - 5 : 30 p . m .
In the next week or so, we'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues, and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it.
In the week next or so , ' we ll be sending around a discussion which paper we crystallizes hope the issues , and we will try as to talk to many of you as possible before meeting the to go through it .
The next in week so or , ' we be sending ll around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues , and we will try to talk to many of as you as possible before the meeting to go through it .
Meanwhile, Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them.
Meanwhile , Levitt Arthur has agreed to meet with us in September to on the brainstorm ideas we ' ve generated and to also us give a sense of some the of issues as he sees them .
, meanwhile Arthur Levitt has agreed to us meet with in September to on brainstorm the ideas we ' ve generated and to also give a us sense of of some issues the as he sees . them
There are three possible dates for the meeting, which I suggest be in two parts -- first, a meeting among the panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m., and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6:30-8:30 p.m.
Are there possible three dates meeting for the , which I suggest in be two parts - - first , a meeting among the panel only from 5 : - 00 6 : 30 p . m . , and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6 : 30 - 8 : p 30 m . .
There are possible three dates for meeting the , which I suggest be in two parts - - , first a among meeting the panel only from 5 00 : - : 6 30 p . m . and , a then dinner Chairman with Levitt from : 6 30 - 8 : 30 p . m .
Here are the dates:
Here the are dates :
Here are dates the :
Could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you:
You could please let know us which of would be these possible for you :
Could you let please us which know of would these be possible for : you
___________ Thursday, September 14 5:00-8:30 pm
___________ thursday September , 14 5 : 00 - 8 : 30 pm
Thursday ___________ , September 5 14 : 00 - 8 : pm 30
___________ Monday, September 25 5:00-8:30 pm
Monday ___________ , September 25 5 : 00 - 8 30 pm :
___________ Monday September , 5 25 : 00 - : 8 30 pm
___________ Wednesday, September 27 5:00-8:30 pm
___________ Wednesday September , 27 5 00 : - : 8 30 pm
Wednesday ___________ , September 27 : 5 00 8 - : 30 pm
Many thanks,
Many , thanks
Thanks many ,
Jeff Garten
Garten jeff
Garten jeff
Good morning, Kitty -
Morning good , Kitty -
Good morning , - Kitty
Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - "the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise".
Lay ken would like have to the Armada series M306 - " the first ultra notebook portable designed for the enterprise " .
Ken Lay like would to the M306 have series Armada - " the first ultra notebook portable designed for the enterprise " .
Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have.
Said ken go to ahead and equip with it you what think it should have .
Ken said to go and ahead it equip with what you it think should . have
Please let me know when he can expect to receive it.
Let please me know he when can to expect receive it .
Let please me know he when can expect receive to it .
Thanks, Kitty.
, thanks Kitty .
, thanks Kitty .
Rosalee
Rosalee
Rosalee
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market, I will follow up with the consumer models.
Is here the link latest to the commercial laptops market on the , I will follow up the with consumer models .
Here is the link to latest the laptops commercial the on market , will I follow up the with consumer . models
The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are the all in one but much heavier.
The series M300 are the lightest and E500 the ' are s the all but one in much heavier .
The series M300 are and the lightest the E500 s ' are the all one in much but heavier .
http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html
http : / / www . . compaq com products / / / index notebooks html .
: http / / www . compaq . products com / / notebooks index / html .
<<Compaq.com - notebook.url>>
< < com Compaq . - notebook url . > >
< < Compaq com . - url notebook . > >
- Compaq.com - notebook.url
- . Compaq - com notebook . url
- Compaq com . - notebook url .
Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be in San Jose, CA participating in a conference, where he is a speaker, on June 14.
, unfortunately Mr . will Lay be San in , Jose CA participating in a conference , he where speaker is a on , June 14 .
Unfortunately , . Lay will Mr in be San , Jose CA participating in a conference , where is he a speaker , on June 14 .
Rosalee Fleming
Fleming rosalee
Fleming rosalee
RE:???
: RE ? ? ?
: RE ? ? ?
June 14 Reception
14 june Reception
June Reception 14
Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club.
Charles recently Miller and David Dewhurst you sent an to invitation reception a which they are hosting Wed on . 6 / 14 at 5 00 : to be PM held at the Houston Petroleum Club .
Recently Charles Miller and David sent Dewhurst you an invitation to a reception they which hosting are on Wed . 6 / 14 at 5 00 : to PM held be at Houston the Club Petroleum .
I hope that you will be able to attend that event.
Hope I you that will be able to attend event that .
I hope that you be will able to attend that event .
Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others we have made real progress in Education in Texas over the past decade.?
Under the of leadership Governor Bush others and we have made real progress in Education in Texas the over past decade . ?
The under of Governor leadership Bush and others we have made real progress in Education in over Texas decade the past . ?
Now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system.
It now time is to the take next and steps achieve even greater in progress public our education system .
Now it is time take to the next steps and even achieve progress greater our in public education system .
The Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business leaders, educators, and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in Texas.
The Texas Education Caucus is Reform up made of business leaders , educators , and officials elected dedicated common to finding sense approaches to improving education in Texas .
Texas the Reform Education is made up Caucus of business leaders , educators , and elected officials to dedicated finding common sense approaches to education improving Texas in .
I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th.
Would I appreciate the to visit opportunity with you on the 14th .
I would the appreciate opportunity visit to with you on 14th the .
Kent Grusendorf
Grusendorf kent
Grusendorf kent
State Representative District 94
Representative state District 94
State Representative 94 District
?
?
?
This is o.k. for Ken Lay, but we are changing to a more uniform address, so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com.
This o is . . k for Ken Lay , but are we changing to a more , uniform so address would likely be better use to kenneth . lay @ . enron com .
This is o . k . Ken for , Lay but we are to changing a uniform more address , would so likely better be to kenneth use . lay @ . enron com .
This is a "test email send" of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett.
Is this a " test email send " WPO of the Group Forum from Everett Richard .
This is a test " email send " WPO of the Group Forum from Everett Richard .
By return email, please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use.
By return , email please verify you that received this message and let us know if is there address another that email you prefer us to use .
Return by , email verify please that you this received message and let us know if there is another email address that you us prefer use to .
Thank you.
You thank .
You thank .
Joy Powell Executive Assistant to Richard Everett 713/871-5119
Joy Powell Executive to Assistant Richard 713 Everett 871 / - 5119
Joy Executive Powell Assistant Everett to Richard 713 / 871 - 5119
===================================================
===================================================
===================================================
NOTE: The information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged.
NOTE : The in information this email confidential is and may be legally privileged .
NOTE The : information in this email confidential is may and legally be privileged .
If you are not the intended recipient, you must not read, use or disseminate the information.
If you are not the recipient intended , must you not read , use disseminate or information . the
If you are the intended not , recipient you must not read use , or disseminate information the .
Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system which into it is and received opened , is it the responsibility of recipient the ensure to that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of its for affiliates loss any or damage arising in any way from use its .
Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free any of virus or other that defect might affect any computer system into which it received is and opened , it is the responsibility of the ensure recipient to that it is virus free and no is responsibility by accepted Century or Development any of its affiliates for any loss damage or arising in any way from use its .
====================================================
====================================================
====================================================
Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson.
Lay kenneth has approved attached the expense report for Olson Cindy .
Lay has kenneth approved the attached expense report for Olson Cindy .
Hi Mr. Katsof -
Hi . Mr Katsof -
Mr hi . Katsof -
I believe someone called about this today, but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates don't work for him, either.
Believe someone I called about today this , but Mr . asked Lay me to let you that know these dates don ' work t for him either , .
Believe called I someone about today this , but Mr . Lay asked me to let know you that these dates don ' t work for him , either .
Sorry.
. sorry
. sorry
Rosalee
Rosalee
Rosalee
let me know if you have any interest in the Tco-Pool Leach swap for the winter.
me let you know if have any interest in the Tco - Pool swap Leach for winter the .
Me let know you if any have in interest the Tco - Pool Leach swap for winter the .
I'll take TCO pool at Index and sale Leach or Pool at Index - $.04.
I ' ll take pool TCO at and Index sale Leach or at Pool Index - $ . . 04
' I ll TCO take pool at and Index Leach or sale at Pool Index - $ . 04 .
I can't remember if you guys could do it or not.
I can ' t remember if you guys could or do it not .
I can t ' remember you if guys could do it or not .
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing?
You could tell deal me what tickets you are seeing ?
Could you me tell what deal tickets you ? are seeing
Please check Tenn contract 36647 on the Demand speadsheet.
Please check contract Tenn 36647 on speadsheet the Demand .
Tenn please check contract 36647 on Demand the speadsheet .
Sitara isn't matching the spreadsheet.
Sitara isn ' matching t spreadsheet the .
Sitara ' isn matching t the spreadsheet .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Brenda
Brenda
Brenda
Pasquallie,
, pasquallie
, pasquallie
-5 for spelling,
- 5 spelling for ,
5 - for spelling ,
W. Don Germany, Jr PO Box 27 Cedar Lane, Texas 77415-0027
W . Don Germany , PO Jr 27 Box Cedar Lane , Texas 77415 - 0027
. w Germany Don , Jr PO 27 Box Cedar Lane , Texas 77415 0027 -
Actually it is not a new truck.
Actually it is a not new . truck
Actually it is not new truck a .
Had 33,000 miles, Ram 2500 3/4 ton, 4 x 4, 360 Magnum Motor.
, had 33 miles 000 , 2500 3 Ram / 4 ton , 4 x , 4 360 Magnum Motor .
Had , 33 000 miles , Ram 2500 3 / ton , 4 4 x , 4 360 Magnum Motor .
Infinity stereo, bucket seats, nerf bars, tool box, bed liner, camper tow package, 5 speed manual.
Infinity stereo , bucket , seats bars nerf , tool box , bed liner , tow camper package 5 , speed manual .
Stereo infinity , bucket seats , nerf bars , tool , box liner bed , tow camper package , 5 speed manual .
Oh, it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters to accent the sound.
Oh , it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with Masters Flow accent to sound the .
, oh is it dueled out through one catalytic converter with Flow to the Masters accent sound .
Makes me want to race!!!
Me makes want race to ! ! !
Makes me want to race ! ! !
I believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well.
I the believe fuel consumption will be as tolerable . well
I believe the will fuel consumption be as tolerable well .
Now, Debbie wants it.
Now , wants Debbie it .
Now , Debbie wants . it
I gave $16,900 + tax.
Gave I $ 16 , + 900 tax .
Gave I $ 16 , 900 tax + .
It is very clean and is Sandalwood, Driftwood or something of that nature in color.
Is clean it very and is Sandalwood Driftwood , or something of that in nature color .
It is very and is clean Sandalwood , Driftwood something or of that nature in color .
Almost silver.
Silver almost .
Silver almost .
I have to pick up old gray over at Jerry's.
I have to pick up old gray at over Jerry ' s .
I to have pick up old over gray Jerry at ' s .
Debbie said, it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck.
Said debbie , it is to going hard on be me to sale old my dodge truck .
Said debbie , it is to going be hard on me to sale old my dodge truck .
I said Yep, had that truck longer than I have had most of my women.
I said Yep , that truck had longer than I had have of most women my .
I said Yep , had that longer truck than I have had of most women my .
I really need to engage brain before articulating!
Need I really to engage brain before articulating !
I really need to brain engage articulating before !
I am doing dirt work and hope to plant ST Augustine Grass by Friday before rain.
I am doing dirt and work hope to ST Augustine plant by Grass Friday rain before .
I doing am work and dirt hope to ST plant Grass Augustine by Friday before rain .
One thing is for sure, the economy is not faltering on my account.
One is thing for , sure economy the is not faltering on account my .
One thing is sure for , economy the is not faltering on my account .
Dow Stock is back up over $33.
Dow Stock back is over up $ 33 .
Dow Stock is back up 33 over $ .
Hooray, hoorah!
, hooray hoorah !
, hooray hoorah !
Needs to go to $41 and then I will be happy.
To needs go to 41 $ and then I be will happy .
To needs go to $ and 41 I then will be happy .
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad's place.
With I spoke Gerald and he said there are bunch a of hanging around folks Dad ' place s .
I Gerald spoke with there and he said are bunch a of folks hanging around Dad ' s place .
We need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate.
We to need change the and lock place posted signs at the gate .
Need we to change lock the and place posted signs gate at the .
I may want to put some steers or heifers up there.
May I want put to some steers or heifers there up .
I may want to some put steers heifers or up . there
I am going up soon and having the tractor fixed.
I am up going soon and having tractor the . fixed
I am going soon and up having tractor the fixed .
Reggie said he will pay us soon.
Reggie said will he us pay soon .
Reggie said he pay will us . soon
He also still wants the tractor if we can hold on to it.
Still he also wants the tractor we if can hold to on it .
He still also wants tractor the if we can hold on to it .
First come, first serve.
First come , serve first .
Come first , first serve .
When is the wedding?
When the is wedding ?
Is when the wedding ?
We're set for 11/01/01.
' we re set for / 11 01 01 / .
' re we set for / 11 01 / 01 .
Be sure to take your sweety out on the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon.
Be sure to take your sweety on out balcony tonight the and the gaze at full moon .
Be to sure your take sweety out balcony on the tonight and at gaze the full moon .
It was sure beautiful coming up last night.
It was sure beautiful coming up last night .
Was it sure coming beautiful up last night .
We used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the space shuttle.
Used we to out go and in lay the pasture on a blanket and watch for the shuttle space .
We used to go out and in lay pasture the on blanket a and for watch the space shuttle .
I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns.
I had a of hickies couple on my the day neck after and the all guys wanted to know if those were shuttle burns .
Had I a of couple hickies on my the neck day after and guys the all to wanted know were if those shuttle burns .
Just jealous.
Just . jealous
Just . jealous
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period.
My is wonderful making kid grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the year four period .
My kid making is wonderful and grades reassured has she me will graduate within the year four period .
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays.
Still she has some sort of scholarship I but am for not sure much how pays it .
She still has some sort of but scholarship am not I for sure how it much . pays
She is going to be a kinesiologist, sports injury therapist.
She is going be a to kinesiologist , sports therapist injury .
Is she going to be a , kinesiologist injury sports therapist .
I think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs.
I think she just wants to be able touch to football legs players .
Think I she just wants to able be to touch football players legs .
She will be 20 on 11/03.
She will be on 20 11 / . 03
She be 20 will on 11 / 03 .
I am really proud of her.
I am proud really her of .
I really am of proud her .
Cindy said Jaime has grown up very much.
Said cindy Jaime has up grown very much .
Cindy Jaime has said grown up very much .
You should e mail her sometimes.
You should e mail her sometimes .
Should e you mail her sometimes .
I am sure she would like to hear from you.
Am I sure would she like to from hear you .
Am I she would sure like to hear from you .
Jgerma5@aol.com.
Jgerma5 @ aol . . com
Jgerma5 @ aol com . .
At any rate, be careful and be safe.
At any rate , be careful and safe be .
Any at rate , careful be and be . safe
You should have listened to Maw, as long as you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped, you will be alright.
You should have to listened Maw , as long as you keep your mouth shut and pants your zipped , you will be . alright
Should you have to listened Maw , as as long keep you mouth your shut and your pants zipped will , you be alright .
Shucks, guess none of us three paid much attention to that.
Shucks , guess of none us three paid attention to much that .
, shucks guess of none us three paid attention much to that .
Oh, Jeff Sherrar has a new book out.
Oh , Sherrar has Jeff new a book out .
, oh Jeff Sherrar has new a out book .
Rise to Rebellion.
Rise Rebellion to .
Rise to . Rebellion
There were some pretty cool dudes back around 1774/76.
Were there some pretty cool dudes back around 1774 / 76 .
There pretty were some cool dudes back around 1774 76 / .
There will be two volumes to this saga.
Will be there two volumes to this saga .
There be will two to volumes this saga .
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through.
I half am through way and the first you can borrow it when am I through .
I am half the way through and first can you it borrow when I am through .
I sure like his style of writing.
I sure like his style of writing .
Like I sure his style of writing .
His books are always hard to put down.
Books his are always to hard put down .
His are books always hard to down put .
After the split Dow Stock there are 120 shares.
The after split Dow Stock 120 there are shares .
The after split Stock Dow there 120 are shares .
Keep Your Powder Dry!
Keep Powder Your Dry !
Keep Powder Your Dry !
Yo,
, yo
, yo
Bro
Bro
Bro
Dow
Dow
Dow
W. Don Germany, Jr. 2301 N Brazosport Blvd B 3611, Investment Recovery Freeport, Texas 77541 Pager 1 800 451 0491 (0448) Office 979 238 2102 Home 979 548 7034
W . Don Germany , Jr . 2301 N Blvd Brazosport B 3611 Investment , Freeport Recovery , Texas Pager 77541 1 800 451 0491 ( ) 0448 238 Office 979 2102 Home 979 7034 548
Don w . Germany , . Jr N 2301 Brazosport B Blvd 3611 Investment , Recovery Freeport , Texas 1 77541 Pager 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) Office 979 238 2102 Home 979 548 7034
What's happening?
What ' happening s ?
What ' s ? happening
I understand you have a brand new truck.
I understand have you a brand truck new .
I understand you have a truck brand new .
Must be nice having money!!
Be must having nice money ! !
Be must having nice money ! !
I need 2 things from you.
I need 2 from things . you
I 2 need things you from .
1. I found the title to the 4 wheeler and I was going to change it over to you name.
1 . I the found title to 4 the wheeler and was I going to change it to over you name .
1 . I found the title to the 4 and wheeler I was going change to it over you to . name
What do you think?
Do what you think ?
What do think you ?
If that's ok, how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use?
That if ' s ok , how you do your want name show to up on the and title what should address use I ?
That if ' s ok , you how do want your to name up show title on the and what address should I use ?
2. I'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock.
. 2 I ' m ready getting divy to up Dow the stock .
. 2 I ' ready m to getting divy up the Dow stock .
How many of Dad's shares do you have?
How Dad many of ' s shares do have you ?
Many of how ' Dad s shares do you have ?
Last thing, send me a million dollars, I'm tired of working.
Last thing , send me a million dollars , I ' tired m working of .
Thing last send , a me million dollars I , ' m tired of working .
I thought we only had cashout, at most 3 times, before this June.
Thought I we only had cashout , at most 3 times before , this June .
I thought we only had , cashout 3 most at times , before this June .
I can't remember.
I can ' t . remember
Can I ' t remember .
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year.
Do I that know most of the time this plant buring was not like it did in July August and of this year .
Know I that do most of the time plant this not was buring like it did in July and August of . this year
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico.
I say we just keep the and go to dough Mexico .
Say we I just keep the dough and go Mexico to .
Hey guys,
Guys hey ,
Guys hey ,
Would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - Dec 2000?
Would you ck please the deal Oglethorpe from 2000 July - 2000 Dec ?
You would please ck the July Oglethorpe deal from 2000 - Dec 2000 ?
Is there supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months?
Is there to supposed be cashout a booked in Sitara months for these ?
There supposed is to be a cashout booked in these Sitara for months ?
Oglethorpe over paid their invoice every month.
Over oglethorpe paid their invoice every . month
Oglethorpe paid over their invoice month every .
I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced.
I believe that Doug me told the was extra the for cashout that was not invoiced .
I believe that Doug me told the was extra cashout for the that was not . invoiced
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Darla
Darla
Darla
I can't get through on the phones.
Can I t ' get through on the . phones
Can I t ' get on through the phones .
Please call me 713-853-4743
Please call me 713 - 853 - 4743
Please call me 713 - 853 - 4743
Hey Ernie.
Ernie hey .
Ernie hey .
I'm checking my emails.
' I m my checking emails .
' I m checking my . emails
I assume you have your anwser and don't need me.
I you assume have your and anwser don ' need t me .
Assume I you have anwser your and don ' need t me .
Hi Chris,
Chris hi ,
Chris hi ,
I sent this to Mary last week.
I sent this last to Mary week .
Sent I this Mary to last week .
She may be out because in the past she always responds pretty quick.
May she be out because in the past always she responds pretty quick .
She be may out because in the past she responds always pretty quick .
I need the prices below.
I need the below prices .
I the need prices below .
Can you help out?
Can you out help ?
You can help out ?
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Ernie Simien
Simien ernie
Simien ernie
08/01/2001 09:14 AM
/ 08 01 / 2001 09 : AM 14
08 01 / / 2001 09 : AM 14
Sent by: Ernie Simien
Sent by : Simien Ernie
Sent by : Simien Ernie
Hi Mary,
Mary hi ,
Mary hi ,
I need your help again.
I need help your again .
I need help your again .
I need prices for May, June, and July.
Need I prices May for , June , July and .
I need for prices May June , , and . July
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 PM
Mary . enron Ellenberger @ . on com 05 / 03 / 2001 06 04 : : 52 PM
. mary Ellenberger @ enron . com on 05 / / 03 : 2001 04 06 52 : PM
Please respond to Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com
Please respond to Mary . @ Ellenberger enron . com
Respond to please Mary . Ellenberger @ . enron com
cc:
: cc
: cc
Subject: Re: IF TGPL LA Z1
Subject Re : : IF TGPL Z1 LA
Subject : Re : IF TGPL LA Z1
Jan 9.95 Feb 6.25 Mar 4.98 April 5.37
Jan 9 . Feb 6 . 95 25 Mar . 4 98 April 5 . 37
9 jan . 95 6 Feb . 25 Mar 4 . April 5 98 . 37
esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 PM
esimien @ . nisource com 05 on / 03 2001 / : 32 01 : 35 PM
esimien nisource @ . on com 05 / 03 / 01 2001 32 : : PM 35
Hi Mary,
Mary hi ,
Hi , Mary
Please do me a favour and give me the subject price for Jan, Feb, Mar and Apr 2001.
Please do me a favour and me give subject the price Jan for , Feb , Mar and Apr . 2001
Do please me a favour and me give subject the price Jan for , , Mar Feb and Apr 2001 .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Gregg Penman
Penman gregg
Penman gregg
10/23/2000 12:12 PM
10 / 23 / 2000 12 : 12 PM
/ 10 23 / 12 2000 : 12 PM
Kay -
- kay
- kay
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
You can please this review additional to language the policy risk management ( or circulate to Jeff ) Hodge ?
Can you review please additional this the language risk to policy management ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?
In light of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information.
In light of CA the curves regarding , I am slightly concerned with a statement blanket essentially Peoples giving unlimited to access information .
In light the of CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned a blanket with statement Peoples essentially unlimited giving access to . information
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
I know that we address audit rights the in LLC agreement this so may if not matter this anyway is a right they already . have
Know I we that audit address rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .
Let me know what you think.
Me let know you what think .
Me let know you what think .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
m . nordstrom @ . com pecorp
. m @ nordstrom pecorp . com
10/20/2000 11:32 AM
10 / 20 / 11 2000 : AM 32
10 / 20 / 11 2000 : AM 32
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
Please attached find the latest risk enovate policy .
Attached please the find latest risk enovate policy .
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made language one revision Section concerning Audit XIII Rights .
Our and attorneys internal audit area have one language made revision concerning Section Audit XIII . Rights
Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
< mary < MEH risk - 20 Oct > >
< mary < MEH - risk Oct 20 > >
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc
- MEH - Oct risk . 20 doc
MEH - - risk Oct . 20 doc
I'm still at home.
' I m still at . home
' I still m at home .
I'll be in tomorrow.
I ll ' in be tomorrow .
' I be ll in tomorrow .
I have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.
Have a I fax machine at home , , though if you . prefer
I a have fax machine at home , , though if you prefer .
Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.
Otherwise , we can see who can we scare up at the office , you or have can sign Laura and I initial ' ll later .
Otherwise , we see can who we scare can at up the office or , you have can sign Laura I and ll ' initial later .
Which do you prefer?
Do which you prefer ?
Which do you ? prefer
Kay
Kay
Kay
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
You are in office the initial to signature pages today ?
Are you in the office to initial signature pages ? today
If not, is there someone else that will?
Not if is , someone there else that will ?
If not , there is else someone that ? will
I know that Jeff is in Portland.
I that know is Jeff in Portland .
I know Jeff that is in . Portland
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg
Kay Mann
Mann kay
Mann kay
10/26/2000 11:07 AM
10 / 26 2000 / 11 : AM 07
10 / 26 / 2000 : 11 AM 07
If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.
If is Jeff happy , ' I happy m .
Is if Jeff happy , I ' happy m .
Kay
Kay
Kay
Hello -
- hello
- hello
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights.
Spoke I Jeff with Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language Peoples from Audit regarding Rights .
I spoke Jeff Hodge with yesterday regarding the from additional language Peoples regarding Audit Rights .
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C.
His initial reaction their was that request probably was reasonable in and line with spirit the of a jointly owned L . L . C .
His initial reaction was that their request probably was reasonable and in line with the spirit of a owned L jointly . L . C .
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
, however he suggest did a couple slight revisions to Enron protect ' s . interests
However , did he suggest a slight revisions couple protect to Enron ' s interests .
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement.
1 Highlighting ) that only information will be that provided related to is enovate 2 and ) that each designated representative should an sign appropriate confidentiality agreement .
1 ) Highlighting that information will only provided be is that to enovate related and 2 ) that each representative designated sign should an appropriate agreement . confidentiality
This language has been included in the attached draft.
Language this has included been in attached the draft .
This language has been in the included draft attached .
My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of today.
My goal however , optimistic , is execute to risk the policy the by of end today .
My goal , however optimistic , is to the execute risk policy by the end of today .
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day.
Is activity up picking dramatically the and fine line is getting further each blurred day passing .
Activity is picking dramatically up and the is fine line getting blurred further passing each day .
Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written.
Therefore , need I know to ASAP if are there any with problems draft the as written .
Therefore , need I to know ASAP if are any there with problems draft the as written .
Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
I otherwise , be will sending it to Peoples our as final revision mid by morning .
Otherwise , will be I it sending to Peoples as our final by revision morning mid .
Thanks for your prompt attention to this.
Thanks your for prompt attention this to .
For thanks prompt your attention to this .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg Penman
Penman gregg
Penman gregg
10/23/2000 12:12 PM
/ 10 23 / 12 2000 : 12 PM
/ 10 23 / 2000 12 12 : PM
Kay -
- kay
- kay
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
You can please review this language to additional risk the management policy or ( circulate to Jeff ) Hodge ?
Can you this please review additional language to the management risk policy ( or circulate to Hodge Jeff ) ?
In light of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information.
In of light CA the regarding curves , slightly I am with concerned blanket a statement essentially giving unlimited Peoples access to information .
In light of CA the regarding , curves I am slightly concerned a with blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
I know we that address audit rights in the LLC agreement this so may matter not anyway if this is right a they have already .
Know I that we address audit rights in the agreement so LLC this not matter may anyway if this is right a already they have .
Let me know what you think.
Me let know what think you .
Let me know what you think .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
m nordstrom . @ pecorp com .
. m @ nordstrom pecorp . com
10/20/2000 11:32 AM
/ 10 20 / 2000 11 : AM 32
/ 10 20 / 2000 11 : AM 32
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
Please attached the find latest enovate risk policy .
Attached please find latest the enovate policy risk .
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
Attorneys our and internal audit have area made language one revision Section concerning XIII Rights Audit .
Our and attorneys internal audit have area made one language concerning revision Section XIII Audit Rights .
Mary
Mary
Mary
<<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
< < - MEH Oct risk 20 > >
< MEH < - risk 20 Oct > >
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc
- MEH - risk 20 . Oct doc
MEH - - Oct risk 20 . doc
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it.
It is complicated less for to me initial fax and to than track down someone doesn who ' know t anything it about and get initial them to it .
Is it less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who doesn ' know anything t about it and them get to initial . it
I can print it here, initial it, and fax it to whomever you want.
I can print , it here initial it , fax and it to you whomever . want
I can print it here , initial it , and fax to it you whomever . want
Plus, I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it.
, plus work I with Janet lot a so she may get some from comfort , that instead of having a lawyer hasn she ' dealt t initial it with .
Plus , I with work Janet a lot so she may get comfort some that from instead , of having lawyer a she ' hasn t with dealt initial it .
She is very conscientious about what she signs, and who initials what.
Is she very conscientious she about what signs , and who what initials .
She is very conscientious she what about signs , who and initials what .
Is the attached form the final final form?
The is form attached the final final form ?
The is attached the form final final form ?
Where and to whom do you want it faxed?
Where and to whom do want you it faxed ?
Where and to whom do you want it ? faxed
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kay
Kay
Kay
Since it will be Janet signing, it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first.
It since will be Janet signing , will it probably be better have initials to the on the first pages .
It since will be Janet signing , it will to probably be better have the on initials the first pages .
Either fax or someone else works fine.
Either or fax else someone works fine .
Either or fax someone works else fine .
Let me know which is easier and we can coordinate.
Let me which know is easier and we can coordinate .
Me let know which is easier and we can coordinate .
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg
Kay Mann
Mann kay
Mann kay
10/26/2000 11:26 AM
/ 10 26 / 2000 11 : AM 26
/ 10 26 / 2000 11 : AM 26
I'm still at home.
' I still m at home .
I m still ' at home .
I'll be in tomorrow.
' I ll in be tomorrow .
' I ll be in . tomorrow
I have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.
Have I fax a at machine home , though , you if prefer .
Have I a fax machine at home , though if , you prefer .
Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.
, otherwise see we can who can we scare up at the , office you or can have Laura and sign I ' ll later initial .
Otherwise , we can who see we scare can at up the office , or can have you sign Laura and I ' ll initial later .
Which do you prefer?
Do which you prefer ?
Which do you ? prefer
Kay
Kay
Kay
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
You are in the to office initial signature pages ? today
In are the you office to initial signature pages today ?
If not, is there someone else that will?
If not , is someone there that will else ?
If not is there , someone else will that ?
I know that Jeff is in Portland.
I know that is Jeff Portland in .
I know Jeff is that in Portland .
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg
Kay Mann
Mann kay
Mann kay
10/26/2000 11:07 AM
10 26 / 2000 / 11 : 07 AM
10 / 26 / 2000 07 11 : AM
If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.
Jeff if happy is , I ' happy m .
If is Jeff happy , I ' m happy .
Kay
Kay
Kay
Hello -
- hello
- hello
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights.
Spoke I Jeff with Hodge yesterday regarding additional the from language Peoples regarding Audit Rights .
I spoke Jeff with yesterday Hodge regarding the language additional from regarding Peoples Audit Rights .
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C.
His initial reaction was request that their was probably reasonable and with in line the spirit of a jointly owned L . L C . .
Initial his reaction that was their was request probably reasonable and line in with the spirit of a jointly owned L . L . . C
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
However , he did suggest couple a revisions slight to protect Enron s ' . interests
, he however did suggest a couple revisions slight to protect Enron ' s . interests
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement.
1 ) Highlighting that will only information be provided that is related enovate to 2 and ) that each representative designated should sign an appropriate agreement confidentiality .
1 ) Highlighting that will information be only is provided that related to enovate and ) 2 that each designated representative sign should an appropriate . confidentiality agreement
This language has been included in the attached draft.
Language this been has included in the draft attached .
This language has included been the in draft attached .
My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of today.
Goal my optimistic , however , is execute to the risk policy by end the of today .
Goal however my , optimistic , is to execute risk the policy by the of end today .
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day.
Activity is up dramatically picking and the fine line is getting further blurred passing each day .
Activity is picking dramatically up and fine the line getting is further blurred each passing day .
Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written.
, therefore I need to know there ASAP if are any problems with draft the as . written
Therefore , I need know to ASAP there if any are with problems the as draft written .
Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
, otherwise I will it be sending Peoples to as our final revision mid by morning .
I otherwise , will be it to sending Peoples as our revision final by mid morning .
Thanks for your prompt attention to this.
For thanks your prompt to attention this .
Thanks your for prompt attention to . this
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg Penman
Penman gregg
Penman gregg
10/23/2000 12:12 PM
10 / 23 / : 2000 12 12 PM
10 / 23 / 2000 12 12 : PM
Kay -
- kay
- kay
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
You can please review additional this language to the policy risk management ( or to Jeff circulate Hodge ) ?
You can please review additional this language to the management risk ( policy circulate or Jeff to Hodge ) ?
In light of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information.
In of light the CA curves regarding , I concerned slightly am with a blanket giving statement essentially Peoples unlimited access to information .
In light of the CA regarding curves I , concerned am slightly with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples access unlimited information to .
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
Know I that address we audit in rights the LLC agreement this so may not anyway matter if this is right a they already . have
Know I that we audit address rights the in LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right already they . have
Let me know what you think.
Know let me what you think .
Let know me what think you .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Gregg
Gregg
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
. m nordstrom @ . pecorp com
. m nordstrom @ pecorp com .
10/20/2000 11:32 AM
/ 10 20 2000 / 11 : 32 AM
/ 10 20 / 2000 11 : AM 32
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
Attached please the find enovate latest risk policy .
Please attached find the latest enovate risk . policy
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
Attorneys our internal and audit area made one have language revision concerning XIII Section Audit Rights .
Attorneys our and internal audit area have made one revision language concerning Audit Section XIII . Rights
Mary
Mary
Mary
<<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
< MEH < risk - Oct 20 > >
< < MEH risk - 20 Oct > >
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc
- MEH - 20 risk Oct . doc
- MEH - risk Oct . doc 20
I'm working on it now.
I m ' working on now it .
' I m on working it now .
Maybe we (Enron) could review it tomorrow morning, then send it to FCE.
Maybe we ( Enron ) could review it tomorrow morning then , send it to FCE .
We maybe ( Enron ) could it tomorrow review then morning , send it to FCE .
I can meet around 10:00.
I can around 10 meet : 00 .
I meet can around 10 00 : .
That way, we can get it to them in time for weekend review.
That way , we can get them it to in time for weekend review .
Way that , we can get to it them in for time weekend . review
Does that work?
Does work that ?
That does work ?
Kay
Kay
Kay
It was good to hear from you!
Was it to good hear from you !
It was good hear from to you !
We had a nice Thanksgiving here too.
We had a Thanksgiving nice too here .
We a had nice here Thanksgiving too .
It's funny, because usually it's just me, Mom, Craig and Danelia, and Danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast beef (not that she would say it to me!), so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise.
' it s funny , it because usually ' s just , me Mom , and Craig Danelia , and Danelia doesn ' t really like roasted or turkey roast beef ( not she that say would it to me ! ) , so is there just not the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise .
It ' s funny , usually because it ' s just me , Mom , Craig and Danelia , Danelia and doesn really ' t like roasted turkey or beef roast ( that not she say would it me to ! ) so , there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be . elsewise
It was good having the girls down.
It was good having down the girls .
It was having the good girls down .
We played a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times, physically challenging.
We played new a version called of " African Uno Uno that " was complex , fast and at times , physically . challenging
We played new a version of Uno called " African Uno " was that complex fast , and at , times challenging physically .
It's not for the meek.
It ' for s not the meek .
' it s not the for meek .
It was incredible what a good player Alena was.
Was it incredible a good what player Alena was .
It was incredible a what player good was Alena .
She had her cards memorized as well as everyone elses (when you play you'll see why you can know everyone elses hands!).
She had her cards as memorized as well everyone elses ( you when you play ' why ll see you can everyone know hands elses ! ) .
She her had memorized cards well as as everyone elses ( when you play you ll ' see why know you can everyone elses hands ! ) .
I expect Craig didn't want Mom to see his place because it was messy.
Expect I Craig didn t ' want to Mom his see place it because was messy .
I expect Craig didn ' t Mom want to his place see because messy it was .
I think compared to my house, he's embarrased about his apartment.
I think to compared my house , he ' embarrased s about his apartment .
I think compared my house to , he s embarrased ' about his apartment .
Then, also, he's got so much stuff in there right now, that I don't know how he's going to fit baby stuff.
Then , also , he ' got s so much stuff in there right , now that I ' t don know he how s ' to going fit baby stuff .
Then also , , he ' s got stuff so much in right there , now that don I ' t know how he ' s fit going to baby . stuff
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they don't want 3 people in that small apartment.
They only would give a him 6 month lease when he renewed his lease month last don because they ' t want 3 people that in small apartment .
Would they only give him a 6 month when lease he his renewed last lease month they because don ' want t 3 people in small apartment that .
So he's going to have to start looking for another place.
So he ' s going have to to start looking another for place .
So he ' s going to have start to looking for place another .
And his apartment is so run down down I'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby.
And apartment his is run so down down ' I m afraid might roaches be crawling over the baby .
His and apartment is so run down down ' I m afraid roaches be might crawling over the baby .
I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby.
I Mom guess going is to come down back sometime March in or April to see the new baby .
Guess I Mom going is to come back sometime down in March or to April see baby the new .
You'll have to come visit to check out my new house.
' you ll to have visit come to out check my new house .
You ' ll to have come visit check to my out house new .
The upstairs "guest suite" is pretty neat.
Upstairs the " guest suite " neat is pretty .
Upstairs the " guest " suite is neat pretty .
It's got its own bathroom and tv, and is pretty cozy.
' it got s its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .
' it s got its own and bathroom tv and is , pretty cozy .
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes, if he was thrilled to hear from me I couldn't tell by his voice.
As far as the with call Uncle Ben goes , he if was to thrilled me hear from couldn I ' tell t his by voice .
As as far the with call Uncle Ben goes , if he was hear thrilled to me from I couldn ' tell t by his voice .
It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us.
Was a it pretty stilted conversation both for of us .
Was it a pretty stilted for conversation both of . us
But, I guess, it's a start...
But , I guess it , ' s a start . . .
But , I , guess it ' a s . start . .
I've already made my XMAS plans.
I ' ve made already my XMAS . plans
I ' ve made already my plans XMAS .
I leave the evening of the 21st, my flight comes in about 10 pm, and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am.
I leave the evening the of 21st , my comes flight in about 10 , leave pm and the morning of the 27th at am 6 .
I leave evening the 21st of the , my flight about comes in pm 10 , and leave the morning the 27th of at 6 am .
It's good chatting with you.
' it s good chatting you with .
It s ' good chatting you with .
Keep in touch!
In keep touch !
In keep touch !
Kyle.Jones@radianz.com
Kyle . @ Jones radianz com .
. kyle Jones radianz @ . com
11/29/2000 05:07 PM
/ 11 29 / 2000 05 07 : PM
11 / 29 / 05 2000 : PM 07
Tana,
, tana
, tana
I don't understand, what do you mean by "log in an email"?
Don I ' understand t , do what mean by you " log in an email " ?
Don I ' understand t , do what mean by you " log in an email " ?
Anyway, I got you message, and I got the World Series thing (although I had already received
Anyway , I got you message , I and the got Series World thing ( although I had received already
, anyway I you got message , and I got the World Series although thing ( I received had already
Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving, I can testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had (I not gonna tell them that, I don't want them getting swell heads).
And chris Ben did marvelous a job Thanksgiving for I , can testify that it was one of best Thanksgiv8ing the Dinners I ' ve had ever I ( not gonna them tell that , I don t ' want them getting swell heads ) .
Chris and Ben did a marvelous job Thanksgiving for , can I that testify it one was of best the Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I ' ve ever had I ( gonna not tell them that , I don t ' want getting swell them heads ) .
Ma said she had a great time in Houston, She was happy to see yourself, as well as C & D.
Said ma she a had time great in Houston , She to was happy see yourself , as as well & C D .
Said ma she had great a time in Houston , was She happy to see yourself as , well as C & . D
I think she likes her special room in your house.
I think she likes her special room in house your .
She I think likes her special room your in house .
Your gonna be the first to see the new baby (woudn't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th?)
Your gonna be the to first see the new baby ( ' woudn it t wierd be if gets the baby on botn Jan ? 5th )
Your be gonna the to first see the new baby woudn ( ' t it be wierd the if gets baby botn Jan on 5th ? )
Why didn't Craig show Ma his appartment?
Didn why ' t Craig his show Ma appartment ?
Why ' didn t show Craig Ma appartment his ?
What do you think about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben (he was almost shocked)?
Do what you about think your phone ocnversation Unlce with Ben ( he almost shocked was ) ?
What do think you about your ocnversation phone Unlce with Ben ( he was almost shocked ) ?
Are you coming for Xmas?
Are coming you for Xmas ?
Are coming you for Xmas ?
Gotta go for now.
Gotta for go now .
Go gotta for now .
Love ya.
Ya love .
Ya love .
Kyle
Kyle
Kyle
====================================================
====================================================
====================================================
(Harrison) Kyle Jones Technical Solutions Engineer
( Harrison ) Kyle Jones Engineer Technical Solutions
Harrison ( ) Kyle Technical Jones Solutions Engineer
====================================================
====================================================
====================================================
Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York, NY 10016 USA Phone: +1 (212) 899-4425 Fax: +1 (212) 899-4310 Cell: +1 (917) 859-7187 Email: kyle.jones@radianz.com
Radianz Avenue 1251 of the Americas Floor 7th New York , NY 10016 USA Phone : + 1 212 ( ) 899 - 4425 Fax : + 1 ( 212 899 ) 4310 - Cell : + 1 ( 917 ) 859 - Email 7187 : kyle . jones @ radianz . com
1251 radianz Avenue the of Americas 7th Floor New York , 10016 NY USA Phone : + 1 ( 212 ) 899 - Fax 4425 : 1 + ( 212 ) 899 4310 - Cell : + 1 ( ) 917 859 - Email 7187 kyle : . jones @ radianz com .
====================================================
====================================================
====================================================
See our web page at" http://www.radianz.com
See our web page " http at : / www / . . radianz com
See our page at web " http : / / www . com radianz .
====================================================
====================================================
====================================================
|--------+-----------------------> | | Tana.Jones@en| | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 PM | | | | |--------+----------------------->
| - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | Jones Tana . @ | en | | . com ron | | | | | | / 11 29 2000 / | | 04 | : | 34 PM | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - >
| - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | Tana | . @ Jones en | | | . ron | com | | | | | / 11 / 2000 29 | | 04 | PM : 34 | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - >
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
Hey, Mr. Computer, you can't log an email in to your sister?!
, hey Mr . you Computer , can ' t an log email to in your sister ? !
, hey . Computer Mr , you can ' t log an email to in sister your ? !
Kyle.Jones@ra
Kyle . Jones ra @
. kyle Jones @ ra
Return Receipt
Receipt return
Receipt return
Your World Series in Question document: was received Kyle Jones/US/AMERICAS/Equant by: at: 01:00:51 PM Today
Your Series World in Question : document was Kyle received Jones / US / AMERICAS / Equant by : at : 01 : 00 51 : PM Today
Your World in Series document Question : Kyle was received Jones / / US AMERICAS / by Equant : at : : 01 00 51 : PM Today
You can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again.
You can assistant take my Taffy Milligan off these again emails .
Can you take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again .
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
Adnan Patel@ENRON
Patel adnan @ ENRON
Adnan Patel ENRON @
11/29/2000 04:49 PM
11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 49 PM
11 / 29 / 04 2000 : PM 49
Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red.
Are attached GCP the Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 29 11 / / 00 with GCP responses Red marked in .
Attached are the GCP Signoffs EOL Approvals on for / 11 29 / 00 GCP with responses marked in Red .
Adnan Patel
Patel adnan
Patel adnan
Bradley Diebner@ECT
Diebner bradley @ ECT
Bradley Diebner ECT @
11/29/2000 04:31 PM
11 / 29 / 04 2000 31 : PM
11 / 29 2000 04 / : 31 PM
Regards,
, regards
, regards
bd
bd
bd
Attached is the referenced agreement.
Attached is the agreement referenced .
Attached the is referenced agreement .
Let me know if the notice information is OK with you.
Let know me if the notice information is OK with you .
Me let if know the notice is information OK with you .
If so, I'll get it signed by Craig Breslau today, then bring it to you for countersignature.
So , if ll I ' get it signed by Craig Breslau today , bring then it to for you countersignature .
If so , I ' ll get signed it Craig Breslau by today , then bring it you to for countersignature .
Thinking about that, what's your title?
Thinking that about , what ' your s ? title
Thinking about , that ' what s title your ?
I'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority...
I ' m sure not you authority have the sign to documents w / o special authority . . .
' I m you not sure authority have the to documents sign w / o special authority . . .
No, it does not mean that.
No , it does not mean that .
No , it not does mean . that
Adding all the Enron "Specified Entities" would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities a default under this agreement.
All adding Enron the " Specified Entities " would only make a default under financial a transaction those with Enron entities other default a this under agreement .
Adding all Enron the " Specified " Entities only would make default a under financial a transaction with those Enron other entities a under default agreement this .
Our concern is that we don't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component.
Our concern is that don ' we want t any trading defaults related to trigger ever a default under a loan which transaction swap has a as component a .
Concern our that is we don ' t want any related trading ever to defaults trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap a as component .
Richard Sage
Sage richard
Sage richard
11/30/2000 10:52 AM
11 / / 30 10 2000 : 52 AM
11 / / 30 2000 10 : AM 52
If you do add all the entities, does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL?
If you do add all the entities does , that mean we that need would not to put in place a separate for agreement ECCL ?
You if add do all the , entities that does mean that we would not need to put a in place separate agreement ECCL for ?
With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB"), we have one credit issue remaining, DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement.
With respect to Bank Deutsche ( " " DB " ) , we have credit issue one remaining , DB would us like to add all Enron the trading entities trades DB with as Specified Entities the under ISDA Master Agreement and we somewhat are hesitant to do so , as this could potentially roll swaps up under structured loan into transactions a default under the ISDA Agreement .
With respect to Deutsche Bank ( " " DB " ) , we one have credit issue remaining , DB would like us to all add the trading Enron entities DB with trades as Specified Entities the under ISDA Master Agreement and are we hesitant somewhat to do so as , this could potentially roll up swaps under loan structured into transactions a default under the ISDA Agreement .
Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about this remaining issue.
Sara and Bill Bradford Credit in are supposed talk to to DB the Credit about people this remaining . issue
Sara and Bill Bradford in are Credit supposed talk to to DB the Credit about people this remaining issue .
With respect to First Union National Bank, the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review.
Respect with to First Union National Bank , the draft we were from working was so that they old to agreed look at our current form of agreement was which sent to on them 11 / 8 / 00 for . review
With respect to First Union National Bank the , draft were we working from so was that they old to agreed look at our current of form agreement which was sent to on 11 them / 8 / for 00 review .
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey, another paralegal in our Group.
Sara working is on with that Susan Bailey , another our paralegal in Group .
Is sara working on that Susan with Bailey , paralegal another our in Group .
Denis O'Connell
Denis O Connell '
O denis ' Connell
11/22/2000 06:05 AM
11 22 / / 2000 06 : AM 05
11 / / 22 2000 06 : AM 05
Tana -
- tana
- tana
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of.
can please you give me an update where on you in are negotiations the of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity are you on negotiating of behalf .
can you please give me an update on where you are the in negotiations of ISDA the with the counterparties and following confirm Enron which you entity are on negotiating behalf of .
Tks,
, tks
, tks
Denis
Denis
Denis
First Union National Bank
Union first National Bank
First Union Bank National
Deutsched Bank AG
Bank deutsched AG
Deutsched AG Bank
I spoke to Mark Taylor about your signing authority, and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own, but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we're OK.
I to spoke Mark Taylor your signing about authority , and he agrees that you do not have authority the to execute documents on your own , but as long as are you only co - signing documents by signed an authorized officer as a control we measure re ' OK .
I spoke to Taylor Mark about signing your authority , he and that agrees you do not have the execute authority to documents your own on , but long as as you are only co - signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control we measure ' re OK .
Susan, Joe,
Susan Joe , ,
, susan Joe ,
The referenced TAGG # was entered as a 'New Counterparty', can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure.
TAGG the referenced was # entered as a New ' Counterparty ' , you can please let me what know counterparty this is so we can correctly assess counterparty exposure . the
Referenced the TAGG was # as a entered ' New Counterparty ' , can you please let me counterparty know what this is so can we correctly assess the counterparty exposure .
Thank you,
You thank ,
You thank ,
Russell
Russell
Russell
Hey there yourself,
There hey yourself ,
There hey yourself ,
Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated.
Sorry I haven written ' guys t you in while a to keep you properly updated .
Haven I sorry ' t written you guys in a while keep to you updated properly .
I am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents.
I am checking indeed on to flights Seoul and don ' think t I ' going m to exactly at go the same time as my . parents
I am indeed checking flights on Seoul to and don ' t think I m ' going to go exactly at same the time as parents my .
As much fun as they are, I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them.
Much as fun are they as , I figured we would probably do some different what things than have you planned for them .
Much as fun are as they , I figured would we probably do some different things what than you have planned for them .
As for Ted, things are still going well although I haven't see him at all this week (we are two very busy people).
As for Ted , are things still going although well I haven ' see t him this at all week we ( are two very busy people ) .
Ted as for , are still things going although well I haven ' t see him at all week this are ( we two very busy people ) .
But, we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage...you know, not quite so formal about dates etc.
But , we a had laid great back day and last Saturday I think have hit that stage comfortable . . . you , know not so quite formal etc about dates .
But we , had a great laid day back last Saturday and think I hit have comfortable that stage . . . you know , not about quite so formal dates . etc
In one sense it's great, but it also makes things a lot harder to read.
In one sense it s ' great , it but also makes things a lot to harder read .
One in sense it ' s great , but it also makes a things to lot harder . read
Anyway, I'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well.
, anyway I ' sure m my Mom told guys you but Travis and Kathy got him to meet I and think went it well .
Anyway , I m ' my sure Mom told you guys Travis but Kathy and to got meet and him think I it went well .
Hopefully, if we're still dating come December, you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit.
, hopefully we if re ' still dating come December you , and Chuck can him when meet come you back to visit .
Hopefully , we if re ' still come dating December , and you Chuck meet can when him you come back visit to .
I'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T. games, I just have to find out when he wants to go (as well as properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day affair that is a U.T. game).
I m ' planning on dragging to him at least of one the U . T . games , I just have to out find when he to wants ( go as as well prepare properly him for the / Scott Kelley / Parks / Wild Card and gang the full - day affair that is a U . T . game ) .
' I m planning on to dragging him at least one of the U . T . games , I just have to find out when he wants to go ( well as as properly prepare him for the / Scott Kelley Parks / / Wild Card gang and full the - day affair that is a U T . . game ) .
Things in Houston are good and definitely warm.
In things are Houston good and definitely warm .
In things Houston are good and warm definitely .
I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical "Rent" and it was wonderful.
Went I and with her Emily Mom last night to the see musical Rent " " and it was wonderful .
I went with Emily her and last Mom to night see the musical " Rent " and it was . wonderful
Also, I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot's daughter Julie.
, also I ' going m to San out Diego for Labor the Day weekend visit to Hoot ' s daughter Julie .
, also I ' m going out to San for Diego the Labor Day to weekend visit Hoot ' s Julie daughter .
Needless to say I am very excited.
Needless say to I am excited very .
Needless I to say am very excited .
Talk to you guys soon,
Talk you to guys soon ,
Talk to you soon guys ,
Susan
Susan
Susan
Hey girlie,
Girlie hey ,
Hey , girlie
How are you doing?
How are doing you ?
How you are doing ?
Haven't heard from you in a while.
Haven t ' heard you from in while a .
Haven ' from t heard in you a while .
A little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for Seoul.
A little birdie me told that you into were checking tickets Seoul for .
Birdie little a told me that you were checking into for tickets Seoul .
Are you really?
You are really ?
Are really you ?
Would you come with your parents or separately?
You would come with your parents separately or ?
You would come with your or parents separately ?
In any case, we have had some more time to do some exploring (and shopping), so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come.
Case in any , we have had some more time to some do exploring ( and shopping ) , so we some have ideas good what about to do you if come .
In any , case we have more had some time to do some exploring ( and shopping ) , we so have good some what ideas about to you do if come .
I think that we will stay in Korea when your parents come and do the whole base thing (which will take only a few minutes, actually), but are considering going to China or somewhere during part of Thanksgiving.
I think that we will stay in Korea your when parents come and do the base whole thing ( which will take a few minutes only , actually ) , are but considering to going China or somewhere of part during Thanksgiving .
Think I that will we stay in Korea when parents your and do come the whole base thing which ( will only take few a minutes , actually ) , but are considering going to China or somewhere during part of Thanksgiving .
We'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming!
' we ll do whatever you want want if you still coming are !
We ll ' do you want whatever if want you still are coming !
Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what's going on in Houston.
Let know us the latest Ted with and what also with ' s on going in Houston .
Let us know the with latest Ted also and with what ' going s on . in Houston
Take care,
Care take ,
Care take ,
Chris
Chris
Chris
__________________________________________________
__________________________________________________
__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
You do Yahoo ! ?
You do Yahoo ! ?
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
Send messages instant & email get alerts Yahoo with ! Messenger .
Instant send messages & email get alerts Yahoo with ! Messenger .
http://im.yahoo.com/
: http / im / . . yahoo com /
: http / / . im yahoo com . /
Hey Tonto (a.k.a - the trusty, but silent, side-kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D)
Hey ( Tonto a k . . a the trusty - but , silent , side - kick the to Ranger Lone in or this case Big the D )
Tonto hey ( a . . k a - the trusty , but , silent side kick - to the Lone in or Ranger case this the Big ) D
The play was very good and I think well received.
The play was good very and think well I received .
Play the was very and good think I well received .
I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY.
I d ' forgotten blown how away I was by some songs of the first the I time saw it in NY .
I ' d forgotten blown how away was I by some of songs the first the time I it saw NY in .
The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling).
Cast the really members have to incredibly have voices powerful off to pull a few of the poignant most numbers ( I this could think be your true calling ) .
The cast members really have to incredibly have voices powerful to pull off a of few poignant most the numbers ( I this think be could true your calling ) .
I caught the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run last night here at the office (yes, I had to come back after the play...I love my job!).
I caught the day third of Corey ' s Jeopardy run night last here at the office ( yes , I had to back come after the play . . . love I my job ! ) .
Caught I day the third of Corey s ' last Jeopardy run night at here the ( office yes , I had come to back after the play . . . love I my job ! ) .
Anyway, I'm sure I'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl.
Anyway , I ' m sure I ' mentioned d it but before yes is she a very smart . girl
Anyway , I ' m sure I mentioned ' d it before but she is yes very a girl smart .
As a result of that, she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing Trivial Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me (The girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia).
A as of result that , has she managed on several occasions over the years detract to my from enjoyment of playing Trivial or watching Pursuit Jeopardy obliterating by absolutely ( me The girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia ) .
A as of result that she , has on managed several occasions over the years to detract my from enjoyment of Trivial Pursuit playing or watching Jeopardy by obliterating absolutely me ( The girl actually her did senior on thesis Trivia ) .
Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went.
Kori me told she saw last you night at Steak Night and herself introduced since I failed to so the do last time we went .
Told kori me she you saw last at night Steak Night introduced and herself since I to failed so do the last time went we .
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you didn't spell her name right in the email - I mean it's such a common spelling.
Should I let you know though that she was very offended morning this that you didn ' t spell name her right in email the - I mean it s ' a such common spelling .
I should you let know that though she was offended very this morning that didn you ' t spell name her right the in email - I it mean ' s such common a spelling .
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match?
Was so Darren last there night to meet or her do think you just they ' d make good a match ?
So Darren was there last night her to meet do or you think just they d ' make a good match ?
She's a very fun girl.
' she s a fun very girl .
She ' s very fun a girl .
Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch.
Hope you day is going the well and that move to 30 went off without a hitch .
Hope you day going is that well and move the to 30 went off a without hitch .
Good luck with all of the "fun" meetings.
Luck good with all the of " fun " . meetings
All good luck with of the " fun " meetings .
Shorty
Shorty
Shorty
-- Due to the lack of response yesterday, I'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test...
- Due - to lack the of yesterday response , I ' m beginning to worry your about the with success road test . . .
- - to lack Due the of response yesterday , ' I beginning m to worry about your success with the road test . . .
I'm going to assume that you didn't get around to it.
I ' m to going assume that didn you ' get around t to it .
' I m going to assume that you ' didn t get around to it .
Ted Noble
Noble ted
Noble ted
08/17/2000 10:05 AM
/ 08 17 2000 / 10 : 05 AM
08 / 17 / 2000 05 10 : AM
How was the play?
How the was play ?
Was how the play ?
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30.
Forgot I tell to you I that saw your friend on a - re Jeopardy run the other night I and almost you called but it on came at 11 : . 30
I to forgot tell that I you saw your friend on re a - Jeopardy run the other night and I called almost you came but it on at 11 : . 30
Smart girl.
Girl smart .
Girl smart .
I ran into Corey last night at LWs and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren.
Ran I into last Corey at night and LWs I am thinking this is a girl for . Darren
Ran I into Corey last night LWs at and I am thinking this a is for Darren girl .
Anyway, lots of fun meetings today.
Anyway lots , of meetings fun today .
Anyway , lots of meetings today fun .
I'll talk to you later.
I ' ll talk you to . later
I ' ll to talk later you .
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier...
You should maybe ignore sentiment the of the quote I earlier sent . . .
You maybe should the ignore sentiment of the quote I sent earlier . . .
I think you may be adhering to it too faithfully.
I you think may be adhering it to faithfully too .
Think I you may be adhering to it too faithfully .
At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things.
At rate we this have may to pinning start notes your to shirt to remind you to do . things
At rate this may we to have start pinning notes your to shirt remind to to you do things .
However, having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors.
However , with having on driven several you I occasions feel confident you will be able pass to the test with flying colors .
However , driven having with you several on occasions I feel confident you will be to able pass test the flying with colors .
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it (and, as we have established, I have the memory of an elephant).
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing will I not let you forget ( it and , as we have established , I have memory the of elephant an ) .
Keep in though mind that if end you up I failing not will let you it forget ( and , we as established have , have I the an memory of elephant ) .
I'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32.
I ' keep ll discussion of me a to minimum and that just say things are on 32 well .
I ' keep ll discussion me of to a minimum just say and things that are well 32 on .
Now back to what's really important...you.
Now back what to ' s really important . . . you .
Now back to what ' important s really . . . . you
Thought you'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center...it's all about you and your needs.
Thought ' you d to know like that Dixie the Chicks are coming back Houston to Dec . 12 will and performing just down the street from at you Compaq the Center . . it . ' s all about you and needs your .
Thought you ' d like to the know that Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec . 12 and will performing just the street down from you at Compaq the Center . . . it ' all s about you and your needs .
Ted Noble
Noble ted
Noble ted
08/16/2000 10:56 AM
08 / / 16 2000 10 : AM 56
/ 08 16 / 10 2000 : 56 AM
AAAAAGGGHHHHHH...
. AAAAAGGGHHHHHH . .
. AAAAAGGGHHHHHH . .
I just found out that I need to take the TX drivers exam both written and on the rode.
I found out just that I need take to the TX exam drivers written both and on rode the .
I found just out that I need take to TX the drivers both exam and written the on rode .
This is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire.
This is a two day process and because all let I CA my expire license .
Is this a two day and process all because I my let license CA expire .
I know I need some of your organizational skills.
Know I I need some organizational of your skills .
I I know need some of organizational skills your .
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 (I better not fail it).
Try I may to run out and the take test this while afternoon I get to moved 30 ( I not better it fail ) .
May I try to out run take and the test this afternoon while get I moved 30 to ( I fail better not it ) .
How's life on 32 today -- well that's enough about you let's talk more about me.
' s how on life today 32 - - well ' that s enough you about let ' s talk more me about .
How s life ' 32 on today - - that well s ' enough about you let ' s talk more about me .
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.
Is there no in pleasure having nothing to do ; the fun is having in lots to do not and it . doing
Is there no pleasure having in nothing do to ; the is fun having in lots to do and not it doing .
-Mary Little
Mary - Little
- Little Mary
Bob Bowen
Bowen bob
Bowen bob
07/14/2000 03:58 PM
07 / 14 / 03 2000 : PM 58
/ 07 14 / 03 2000 : 58 PM
Note that the No "Out" version requires us to pay the premium on Tuesday!
Note that the No Out " " version requires to us the pay Tuesday premium on !
Note that the No " Out " requires version us to pay the premium on Tuesday !
GILBERGD@sullcrom.com
GILBERGD @ sullcrom com .
GILBERGD @ sullcrom com .
07/14/2000 02:18 PM
07 / / 14 2000 : 02 18 PM
07 / / 14 2000 02 : PM 18
As we discussed, the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue:
As discussed we , the following revised is regarding disclosure direct access to deal with the issue : cost
As we discussed , the revised following is disclosure regarding direct to access deal cost with the issue :
EnronOnline will assist users, upon request, in arranging for the connection of "T1" lines or other means of direct access to EnronOnline, as an alternative to internet access.
EnronOnline will assist users , upon request , in arranging the for of connection " " T1 lines or other means direct of access EnronOnline to as an alternative , access to internet .
EnronOnline will assist users upon , , request in arranging for the connection of " " T1 lines or other means direct of to access EnronOnline , as an alternative to access internet .
Direct access connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access.
Access direct connections enable users might to access more EnronOnline quickly than is possible currently through internet access .
Direct might access connections users enable to access EnronOnline more quickly than currently is possible through access internet .
Please call if you want to discuss.
Please call if you want to discuss .
Please if call want you to discuss .
Have a good weekend.
A have good weekend .
A have good weekend .
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.
This - e mail sent by is a law firm contains and information that may and be privileged confidential .
This e is - mail sent law by a firm and contains that may information be privileged and confidential .
If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
Are if you not the intended recipient , please the e delete - mail and notify us . immediately
If you not the are intended , recipient the please delete e - mail and notify us immediately .
The least we can do is pass this news along.
The least we can do is pass news this along .
The least can we do pass this is news along .
Is there anyone else we should tell?
Is there anyone else we should tell ?
Is anyone there else should we tell ?
Ted Bockius <Ted.Bockius@ivita.com>
Bockius ted Ted < . Bockius @ ivita com . >
Bockius ted < . Ted Bockius @ ivita . > com
07/17/2000 02:21 PM
07 / 17 / 02 2000 21 : PM
07 / 17 / 2000 : 02 PM 21
fyi... it sound like Bobby is in serious condition.
fyi . . . it like sound Bobby in is condition serious .
fyi . . . it sound Bobby like is condition in serious .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Sharon
Sharon
Sharon
I think they'll send us another update once he's out of emergency and into a room.?
I ' think they ll send us update another he once ' s out of and emergency into room a . ?
I think they ' ll send us another update he once ' s out of emergency and into a . room ?
Then it's real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number.? The address is below.?
It then ' real s easy to call Ben find Taub to out room a number . The ? address below is . ?
Then it s ' real easy to Ben call to Taub out a find room . number ? The address is . below ?
It doesn't sound like he can receive visitors yet.
It doesn ' sound t like he can visitors receive . yet
It doesn t sound ' like he receive can visitors yet .
A.
. a
. a
Thanks for the heads up.?
The thanks for heads up . ?
Thanks for the heads up . ?
Do you know the address to send cards??
You do the know address to cards send ? ?
Do know you the to address cards send ? ?
Do you know if Bobby can see visitors??
You do know Bobby if can visitors see ? ?
You do know if see Bobby can visitors ? ?
Some of the folks here would like to know.
Of some folks the here would like know to .
Some of the folks here would to like know .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Sharon
Sharon
Sharon
Thought you might like to know.
You thought might like know to .
You thought might to like know .
Amy Cornell Compaq CPCG Marketing P: 281-518-9526 F: 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com <mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com> >
Compaq amy Cornell CPCG Marketing : P 281 - 518 - F 9526 : - 281 518 - 1081 amy . @ cornell compaq . com mailto < : amy . @ cornell compaq com . < mailto : amy cornell . @ compaq . com > >
Amy Compaq Cornell Marketing CPCG P : 281 - 518 9526 - F : 281 - 518 1081 - . amy cornell compaq @ . com < mailto : amy . @ compaq cornell . com < mailto : . amy cornell @ . compaq com > >
Jann, phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group, concerning Bobby Riggins.
, jann phoned and this morning asked me to this information pass to the group , Bobby concerning Riggins .
Jann , phoned morning this asked and pass me to this to information the group , concerning Bobby . Riggins
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team, while cycling this weekend, he and other members of his team were injured by a truck.?
Bobby is a member of bicycle a while team , cycling this weekend , and he of members his other team were injured by a truck . ?
Is bobby a member a of team bicycle , while this cycling weekend , he and members other team of his were injured by truck a . ?
There was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries.?
Was there one in death injured the group and others the with major injuries . ?
Was there one death the injured in group the and others with major injuries . ?
Bobby is one of those with major injuries.?
Is bobby one of with those injuries major . ?
Bobby one is of with those major . injuries ?
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital.?
Is he currently in the emergency room at Ben . Taub Hospital ?
Is he in currently the emergency room at Ben Hospital Taub . ?
Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, Texas, phone number: 713-793-2000.?
Ben taub hospital located at is Taub 1504 Loop , , Houston Texas , phone number : 713 793 - - 2000 . ?
Taub ben hospital is at located Taub 1504 , Loop Houston , , Texas phone : number 713 - 793 2000 - . ?
He cannot accept calls, visits or flowers at this time, since he is in the emergency room.?
Accept cannot he calls visits , or flowers at this time since , he is in the emergency . room ?
He cannot accept , calls or visits flowers at this time he , since in is emergency the room . ?
An update will be e-mailed, as soon as one is available.
An will update be e mailed - , soon as as one available is .
An update will be e - mailed , as as soon one is . available
Keep Bobby, his team members and their families in your prayers.
Keep , Bobby his members team and families their in your prayers .
Keep Bobby his , team members and their families in your prayers .
Rosario Gonzales Administrative Assistant ESSG CCA-15, 150301, 153B09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com <mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com> >
Gonzales rosario Administrative Assistant ESSG CCA - , 15 , 150301 153B09 281 514 - - rosario 3183 . gonzales @ compaq com . < mailto : rosario . gonzales compaq @ . < com mailto : rosario gonzales . @ . compaq com > >
Rosario gonzales Administrative Assistant ESSG CCA - 15 , 150301 153B09 , - 514 281 - 3183 rosario . @ gonzales compaq . com < mailto : rosario . gonzales @ compaq . com < : mailto rosario . gonzales @ compaq . > com >
I think it's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel (I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size).
Think I it ' s a idea good since the application provisional is file on - Travis is the internal lawyer who care has taken of the application patent so he have will better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look feel ( and I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size ) .
I think it ' s a good idea the since provisional is application on file - Travis is internal the lawyer who has taken care of the patent application he so will have ideas better where for the should be words placed and look appropriate and feel ( I would guess near copyright the notice and roughly equivalent size ) .
David Forster@ENRON
Forster david @ ENRON
David @ Forster ENRON
07/17/2000 06:15 PM
07 / 17 / 06 2000 : PM 15
/ 17 07 / 2000 06 : 15 PM
Mark,
, mark
, mark
We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages (like the homepage).
Thinking we of are adding a Patent Pending message to key pages EnronOnline ( the like homepage ) .
We are thinking of a adding Patent Pending message key to EnronOnline ( pages like the homepage ) .
Can you offer comments/concerns/guidelines?
Can you offer comments / concerns / guidelines ?
You can comments offer / concerns / guidelines ?
Dave
Dave
Dave
Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires?
It does sense make for us to set up meeting a you with participating from Aires Buenos ?
Does it sense make for us to set up a meeting with you participating Buenos from ? Aires
I'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually, I'm sure I don't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me.
I ' m sure we not have much to them at tell this stage - actually , I ' sure m I don t ' have new anything to report if you do but that would be fine with me .
I ' not m sure we much have to them at tell this stage - actually , I ' sure m I don ' have t anything new report to but you if do that fine would be with me .
Patrick Hansen@ENRON
Patrick @ Hansen ENRON
Hansen patrick @ ENRON
07/17/2000 04:28 PM
/ 07 17 / 2000 : 04 28 PM
07 / / 17 2000 04 : PM 28
Michael and myself are planing to be in Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this week.
Michael myself and are planing to be Hoston in on and Thursday this Friday of week .
Michael and myself are planing to Hoston be in on Thursday and Friday of week this .
We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL implementation.
We to intend see as many as people possible regarding implementation EOL .
We intend as to see many people as possible EOL regarding implementation .
We will meet Dave Forster and his team among others.
We will meet Dave Forster and his among team others .
We will meet Dave Forster and team his among others .
We would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or individually.
We like would to fit a with meeting you a as group individually or .
Would we like fit meeting to a with you as a group or individually .
Please let me know about your availability and if it is possible to meet with more than one of you in one place.
Please let me know about your availability and if it is possible to with meet more than one of in you one . place
Please let know me about your and availability if it is possible to with meet more than one of you in one place .
Thank you
You thank
You thank
FYI
FYI
FYI
David Forster@ENRON
David Forster ENRON @
David Forster ENRON @
07/17/2000 02:34 PM
/ 07 17 / 2000 02 : PM 34
/ 07 17 2000 / 02 : 34 PM
Further background:
Background further :
Background further :
Argentina intend to press ahead even given the concern about taxes, etc.
Argentina intend to press even ahead given concern the taxes about etc , .
Argentina intend to press ahead given even the about taxes concern , . etc
They wish to launch on Sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-August.
They wish to launch on Sept . 1 - we will meaning need to sending mailings sometime be around - mid August .
They wish to on launch Sept . - 1 we meaning need will to sending be sometime mailings around mid - August .
Dave
Dave
Dave
Leonardo Pacheco
Pacheco leonardo
Pacheco leonardo
07/17/2000 08:50 AM
/ 07 17 / 2000 08 50 : AM
07 / / 17 08 2000 : 50 AM
Mark,
, mark
, mark
Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina?
Just wanted to know stand were on we the ETA and for PA Argentina ?
Wanted just know to were we on stand the and ETA PA for Argentina ?
Thanks for your help!
Thanks for help your !
For thanks your help !
Leonardo Pacheco ext. 39938
Leonardo Pacheco ext 39938 .
Pacheco leonardo ext . 39938
If you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets.
You if need more , there is a from proposal the committee documentation for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about Amsterdam it in ) I that think will be to particularly attractive the energy markets .
If you need more , is there a from proposal the committee documentation for a new alternative termination for amounts calculating we ( heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be to particularly attractive the energy . markets
I don't know where this stands officially (I haven't heard any developments since Amsterdam) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want.
Don I ' know t this where stands officially ( I haven ' t heard any developments since but Amsterdam ) can I out from Bob find Pickle if you want .
I don t ' know where stands this officially I ( haven ' t heard any developments since Amsterdam but ) I can find out from Pickle Bob if you want .
Mark E Haedicke
Mark Haedicke E
Mark Haedicke E
07/18/2000 08:58 AM
/ 07 18 / 08 2000 : 58 AM
/ 07 18 / 2000 08 : AM 58
We should include ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America.
We include ISDA should energy definitions , CFTC matters re and energy an overview of deregulation power developments in North America .
We should include ISDA energy definitions , matters CFTC re energy an and overview of power in deregulation developments North America .
I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form.
Also I might add a few items about international developments the and physical EEI trading power form .
I might also a add few items about international and developments EEI the physical power . trading form
I am thinking 4 slides at the most.
Am I thinking slides 4 at the most .
Am I thinking 4 at slides the most .
Is that what you want?
Is what that you want ?
Is what that you want ?
Mark
Mark
Mark
Current Plan:
Current : Plan
Current : Plan
Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return)
Days away Sept : . 21 through . Oct 3 assuming ( you work on the we day leave and back go work to the day we after return )
Days away Sept : . 21 through Oct . 3 ( assuming work you the day on we go leave and to back the work day after we ) return
9 work days
work 9 days
9 days work
Wed. Sept. 20 - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm
Sept wed . . 20 - Houston Leave around 6 : 00 pm
Wed . Sept . 20 - Leave 6 around Houston : 00 pm
Thur. Sept. 21 - Arrv. London early a.m., transfer to flight to Nice
Thur . . 21 Sept - Arrv . London a early . m . , transfer flight to to Nice
Thur Sept . . 21 - Arrv . London a . early m . transfer , to flight to Nice
- Arrv. Nice around noon?
- Arrv . Nice around noon ?
Arrv - . around Nice noon ?
rent car & drive to first hotel (less than 1 hour away); collapse
rent & car to drive hotel first ( less than 1 hour ) away ; collapse
rent drive car & to first hotel ( less than 1 away hour ) collapse ;
Fri. Sept. 22 - Stay in same hotel, visit Monaco, Nice?
Fri . Sept . 22 - in Stay same hotel , visit Monaco Nice , ?
. fri Sept . 22 Stay in - same , hotel visit Monaco , Nice ?
Sat. Sept. 23 - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other coastal towns, check-in mid afternoon
Sat . Sept . 23 - Drive to St . through Tropez Nice - , Cannes & towns other coastal , check - mid afternoon in
Sat . Sept 23 . - to Drive . St Tropez - Nice through , Cannes & coastal other towns , check - in mid afternoon
Sun. Sept. 24 - St. Tropez
. sun Sept 24 . - St . Tropez
. sun Sept . 24 - St Tropez .
Mon. Sept. 25 - St. Tropez
Mon . Sept 25 . - St Tropez .
Mon . Sept . - 25 St Tropez .
Tue. Sept. 26 - Drive to Nice, return car, fly to Paris
Tue . . Sept 26 - to Drive , Nice return car , fly Paris to
Tue . Sept . 26 - to Drive Nice , car return , Paris fly to
Wed. Sept. 27 - Paris
. wed Sept . - 27 Paris
. wed . Sept 27 - Paris
Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris (Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip)
Thur . Sept . - 28 ( Paris Versailles - or Fontainbleu half side day trip )
. Sept thur . 28 - Paris ( Versailles or - Fontainbleu side half day trip )
Fri. Sept. 29 - Paris (Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day side trip)
. Sept fri 29 . - Paris ( Giverny - Monet ' s gardens - 3 4 day / side ) trip
. fri Sept . - 29 Paris ( Giverny Monet - ' s - gardens 3 / day 4 trip side )
Sat. Sept. 30 - Paris
. sat Sept 30 . - Paris
. sat Sept 30 . - Paris
Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - (arrv. London late afternoon)
Sun . Oct . 1 - Paris to London afternoon in probably - Eurostar by train - arrv ( . London late ) afternoon
. sun Oct . - 1 Paris to in London afternoon - Eurostar probably by train - arrv ( . London afternoon late )
Mon. Oct. 2 - London (meetings for CLH)
. mon Oct 2 . - ( London meetings for CLH )
. mon Oct . 2 London - ( for meetings CLH )
Tues. Oct. 3 - Fly London to Houston (lv. around noon, arrv. around 4:30pm)
Tues . Oct . Fly 3 - to London Houston lv ( . noon around arrv , . around 4 : 30pm )
Tues . Oct . 3 - Fly London to ( Houston . lv around noon , arrv . 4 around 30pm : )
To make matters even more confusing, there are two Mark Taylors.
Make to matters even more , confusing there are Mark two Taylors .
Make matters to even more , confusing there are two Mark Taylors .
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London).
Believe I the you message to forwarded me belongs to the Taylor at Mark ( EI based in London ) .
I believe the you message forwarded to me belongs to the Mark at Taylor EI in ( based London ) .
Unfortunately, I can't forward your message to him directly (there seems to be a problem with the attachment).
Unfortunately I , can ' t forward message your to him ( directly seems there to be a problem with attachment the ) .
, unfortunately I can ' forward t your him message to directly ( there seems to a problem be with the ) attachment .
If you still have it, can you send it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"?
If you still have it , can send you it to him " at Mark EI London . " Taylor ?
If you have still it , can you send him it to at " Mark EI . London " Taylor ?
I will take care of it.
I will take of it care .
I will take care of it .
Thanks for the reminder.
For thanks the reminder .
Thanks the for reminder .
Ladies,
, ladies
, ladies
Enclosed is a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics.
A enclosed is worksheet for Ineos Acrylics .
Enclosed is a Ineos worksheet for Acrylics .
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US.
Ineos is English an which company has a majority its of operations in the . US
Is ineos an company English which has majority a of its operations in the . US
Note that the credit thresholds are in US$, but the MACS are designated in British Pounds.
Note that credit the thresholds are in US $ , but are the MACS designated in British Pounds .
Note credit that the thresholds are in US $ , but the MACS are in designated British Pounds .
Please send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the CP.
Please send draft to the Troy Black and he forward will to the . CP
Please send the draft to Troy and Black will he forward the CP to .
Please deliver a copy to me as well.
Please a deliver copy me to as well .
Please a deliver to copy me as well .
Have a great weekend.
Have great a weekend .
A have great weekend .
Max
Max
Max
<< File: Ineos.xls >>
< File < : Ineos xls . > >
< File < Ineos : . xls > >
Robbi:
: robbi
: robbi
I left you a voice mail on Friday.
I you left a mail voice on Friday .
Left I you a voice on mail Friday .
I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had.
I looked at Master the UEComm and some had - comments - such as our name is wrong , the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD , and there were a few questions other I . had
I looked at the UEComm Master had and comments some - - such as name our wrong is , the cross default threshold for should us be US $ and AUD not and , there were few a questions other I . had
Marie
Marie
Marie
Hi,
, hi
, hi
Attached are Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement.
Attached are Uecomm ' s comments to final Master the Agreement .
Attached Uecomm are ' s final to comments the Agreement Master .
John Suttle has OK'd Anthony's latest request w/r.t. the CSA.
Suttle john OK has ' d Anthony ' s request latest w r / t . . CSA the .
John Suttle OK has ' d Anthony s ' request latest w r / t . . the . CSA
Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred, David, John and me tomorrow?
Could you please send executable version an the of to Fred contract , , David John and me tomorrow ?
Could you please send executable an of version the Fred contract to David , John , and me tomorrow ?
If they're OK with it, we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections.
If ' they re OK with , it we ' d like to it execute soon as as unless possible there any objections are .
They if ' OK re with it , we ' d to like execute it as as soon possible there unless are any . objections
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Pat
Pat
Pat
Pat,
, pat
, pat
Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement.
Find please attached the Enron Agreement Master .
Find please attached the Enron Agreement Master .
I have inserted the company details of Uecomm as requested.
Have I inserted the company details Uecomm of as . requested
I inserted have the company details as of Uecomm requested .
I have also amended the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days.
Also I amended have the timeframes in the Credit Support to Annex 10 days instead of days 2 .
I also have the amended timeframes the in Credit Support Annex 10 to days instead 2 of days .
(Clauses 2 & 3).
( Clauses & 2 ) 3 .
( 2 Clauses & ) 3 .
I have tracked all changes for ease of reference.
Have I tracked all changes for ease of reference .
I have tracked all changes for ease reference of .
If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution.
These if are amendmnets to agreeable you can please you print and arrange for execution .
If these amendmnets are to agreeable you you please can print and for arrange execution .
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call.
You if have please any questions do hesitate not to give me a call .
If you have questions any please not do to hesitate give me call a .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford, VIC 3067. Ph. (03) 9221 4101 Fax.(03) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920
Legal anthony Sill Counsel Uecomm Limited Crescent Trenerry 126 , Abbotsford VIC 3067 . Ph . ( ) 03 9221 4101 . Fax ( 03 ) 9221 4193 . Mob 0417 575 920
Anthony Sill Uecomm Legal Limited Counsel 126 Crescent Trenerry Abbotsford , VIC . 3067 Ph . 03 ( ) 9221 4101 . Fax ( 03 ) 9221 Mob 4193 . 0417 920 575
<<Enron - UC Master Agreement - 0308.doc>>
< < Enron - Master UC - Agreement . 0308 doc > >
< < - Enron UC Master Agreement 0308 - doc . > >
Turn up your sound a bit.
Up turn sound your a bit .
Up turn your sound a . bit
Reminder:
: reminder
: reminder
Conference Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A.
Call conference with 1 ConEd at 00 today : in Sara ' s office - EB3801A .
Conference Call ConEd with at 1 : 00 in Sara today ' s office - EB3801A .
Nick:
: nick
: nick
Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V.
Attached your for handling further is the draft form Deemed ISDA between and ENA Mexicana Ispat S . A . C . de . V
For attached further your handling is the Deemed draft form ENA ISDA between Ispat and Mexicana S . A . de C . V .
Please note that the economic provisions have been omitted.
Note please the economic that provisions have been omitted .
Please that note the provisions economic have been . omitted
Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
Let please know me if have you any questions or anything need else .
Please let if me know you any have questions or need anything . else
Marie x33907
X33907 marie
X33907 marie
Tana:
: tana
: tana
Here's info on the Elliotts.
' here s on info the Elliotts .
' here s info the on Elliotts .
Marie
Marie
Marie
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!
! CONGRATULATIONS ! ! ! ! ! !
! CONGRATULATIONS ! ! ! ! ! !
We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "Babies Elliott" had arrived.
' we ve asking been if everyday anyone had heard if the Babies " Elliott had " arrived .
' we ve been asking everyday anyone if had heard the if " Babies Elliott " had arrived .
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that Mom is doing well.
To glad hear that are healthy they all and were good a size and , that Mom is doing well .
Glad to hear that they all are and healthy a were size good , that and is Mom doing well .
Look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones.
Look forward pictures to seeing of the ones little .
Look forward seeing to pictures of the little ones .
I know you all are going to have so much fun with them.
I know you all are to going have so with much them fun .
I know you all are to have going so fun much them with .
Hope you've been storing up sleep, cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while.
You hope ' ve storing been up , sleep it cause looks you won like ' t be getting much a for while .
Hope you ve been ' storing sleep up , cause looks it like you won ' be t much getting for while a .
Again, congratulations.
Again congratulations , .
Again , . congratulations
These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad, but I'm sure they'll find out soon.
These ones little three don ' t realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I ' m sure they ll ' find out . soon
These three little don ones ' t lucky realize how they are have a to such Dad nice , but I m ' sure they ' find ll out soon .
Take care
Care take
Care take
Marie
Marie
Marie
Ladies and gentlemen,
And ladies gentlemen ,
And ladies gentlemen ,
This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday, 6th July, to our triplets:
This is to just you let know that Emma gave birth at week on 34 Friday 6th , July to , our triplets :
This is just to let know you that Emma gave birth at week 34 on , Friday 6th July to , our triplets :
Benjamin James - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs
Benjamin James - at 12 45 . pm - 3 4 ozs lbs
Benjamin James - 12 at . pm 45 - 3 lbs ozs 4
Toby William - 12.46 pm - 4 lbs
William toby - . 12 46 pm - lbs 4
- toby William 12 . pm 46 - 4 lbs
Hannah May - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs.
May hannah - 12 . pm 48 - 3 15 lbs ozs .
Hannah - May . 12 48 pm - lbs 3 15 ozs .
Although small, they are all "fully functioning" and very well - they are in the lowest level of special care (and they will probably be in there for another two to four weeks) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights.
Although small , they are all " fully functioning " very and well - they are in the lowest level of special care ( they and will probably be in there another for two four weeks to ) until they can feed properly maintain and their weights .
Although small , they are all " fully functioning " and very well - they are the level in lowest of special and care ( they probably will be in for there to another two four weeks until ) they can feed properly and maintain their weights .
Emma is fine, too - very well!!
Emma is , fine - too very ! well !
Emma fine too is , - very well ! !
All the best and kind regards
All the best kind and regards
All the and best kind regards
Mark
Mark
Mark
OOPS!
! OOPS
! OOPS
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you.
Are attached the fax cover for pages each of Nylon the and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I sent just you .
Attached are the fax cover for pages each of Nylon the and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .
Marie
Marie
Marie
Rebecca:
: rebecca
: rebecca
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts.
I am a attaching clean and blacklined version of the proposed authorizing resolutions the opening of brokerage . accounts
I attaching am a and clean blacklined of version the resolutions proposed authorizing opening the of brokerage accounts .
I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer.
I have attempted revise to them make to them . clearer
I have to attempted revise to them them make clearer .
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are.
Armogida perhaps Jim can in assist revising them as I he am sure is more familiar with the Enron Corp way . their likes resolutions drafted than are we .
Jim perhaps Armogida can assist in them revising as I am sure is he more the familiar with Enron way Corp . likes their drafted resolutions than we are .
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
Let me know if you any questions have need or anything else .
Let me if you know have any questions or need else anything .
Marie x33907
X33907 marie
X33907 marie
Turn up your sound a bit.
Turn up your sound a bit .
Turn up your sound a bit .
Hi, Liz:
Hi , : Liz
, hi Liz :
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
Marie
Marie
Marie
Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
Marie Heard Senior Specialist Legal
Marie Heard Senior Specialist Legal
Ms. Marquez:
. ms Marquez :
. ms Marquez :
I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz.
I following am regarding up the status of comments our to the form of guaranty Pemex for that you provided Lucy to Ortiz .
I am up following regarding status the our of comments to form the of guaranty Pemex for you that provided to Ortiz Lucy .
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments.
Please not do hesitate to either contact Francisco Pinto - or Leite me with questions any or . comments
Do please not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite or me any with or questions comments .
We look forward to hearing your comments.
Look we forward to your hearing comments .
We look forward to your hearing . comments
Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
Marie Heard Senior Specialist Legal
Marie Heard Senior Specialist Legal
Ms. Marquez:
. ms Marquez :
Ms . : Marquez
Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments.
Attached are an original and of blacklined copy your form of guaranty , which our reflect comments .
Are attached an original and copy blacklined of your form of guaranty , our which reflect . comments
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite, Senior Counsel (713/345-7942; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com) or me with any questions or comments.
Please not do hesitate contact either to Francisco - Pinto Leite , Senior Counsel ( 713 / 345 - ; 7942 . francisco pinto . leite @ . com enron ) or me any questions with or comments .
Please do not hesitate to contact either Pinto Francisco - Leite , Counsel Senior ( 713 345 / - 7942 ; . francisco pinto . leite @ enron . com ) or with any questions me or . comments
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for your . assistance
Thank you your for assistance .
Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
Heard marie Senior Legal Specialist
Marie Heard Senior Specialist Legal
Tanya:
: tanya
: tanya
I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. for our review.
Received I draft this from Niagara Mohawk Marketing , Inc . review for our .
I received draft this from Niagara Marketing Mohawk Inc , . for our . review
Will you pass along to the appropriate person?
Will you pass along the to person appropriate ?
You pass will along to the appropriate person ?
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
Marie
Marie
Marie
Marie -
- marie
- marie
per our conversation yesterday afternoon, attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above.
Our per yesterday conversation afternoon , are attached proposed drafts of the Schedule and the . Para 13 to relative above the .
our per conversation afternoon yesterday , attached proposed drafts are of the Schedule and the Para . relative 13 to above the .
Having spoken with Dennis Goldmann, I am advised that there are currently 2 Guaranties in place in the sum of $8M each: one by Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc f/b/o Enron, and one by Enron Inc. f/b/o Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing.
Having spoken with Dennis Goldmann , I am advised that there currently are Guaranties 2 in place in the sum of $ 8M each : one by Niagara Mohawk Inc Holdings / f b / o Enron , and one by Inc Enron . f / b / o Mohawk Niagara Energy Marketing .
Having with spoken Dennis Goldmann , I am advised that there are 2 currently in Guaranties place in the sum $ of 8M each : one by Niagara Holdings Mohawk Inc f / b / , o Enron one and by Enron Inc . / f b / o Mohawk Niagara Energy Marketing .
I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $10M for each party, but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly.
Am I told that respective our credit departments want to the raise credit lines to $ 10M each for party , to but effect that we will have the to modify existing Guaranties . accordingly
I told am that our respective credit departments want to the raise credit lines to $ 10M for each party , but effect to that we to will modify have Guaranties the existing accordingly .
Let me know if this is your understanding, as well.
Me let know if this your is understanding , well as .
Me let know this if your is understanding , as well .
After you have had the chance to review the attached, please send me a marked-up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there.
After had you have chance the review to the attached , please send me marked a - up draft can and we discuss our concerns there from .
After you the have had to chance review the , attached please send me a marked up - draft and we discuss can our concerns from there .
Should you have any questions, feel free to call me.
You should any have questions , feel free to call . me
Should you any have questions , feel free to . call me
I can be reached at 315-460-3344.
I can reached be at - 315 460 - . 3344
Can I be reached at - 315 - 460 3344 .
Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349.
Any concerns credit can be with Dennis discussed Goldmann , who can be at reached - 315 - 460 3349 .
Any credit concerns can discussed be with Goldmann Dennis , who can be at reached - 315 - 3349 460 .
I look forward to hearing from you.
I forward look to hearing from . you
I look forward hearing to you from .
Patty Snyder
Snyder patty
Snyder patty
(See attached file: ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)(See attached file: ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)
See ( file attached : ENRON - ( nmemdrft8 SCHEDULE - - 7 01 ) . ) doc ( See attached file ENRON : - Para13 nmemdrft8 ( - 7 - 01 ) . doc )
See ( attached ENRON file : - ( SCHEDULE nmemdrft8 - - 7 01 ) . doc ) ( See file attached ENRON : Para13 - ( - nmemdrft8 7 - 01 ) doc . )
- ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc
ENRON - SCHEDULE - ( nmemdrft8 - - 7 01 ) . doc
- ENRON SCHEDULE - nmemdrft8 ( - 7 - ) 01 . doc
- ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc
- ENRON Para13 - ( nmemdrft8 - - 7 01 ) doc .
- ENRON - Para13 ( - nmemdrft8 7 - ) 01 doc .
Hi Marie
Marie hi
Marie hi
Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way?
Did you get chance a to find those GTC ' s ENA that for can you way forward this ?
You a did get chance to find those GTC s ' for ENA that can you this forward way ?
Thanks, I know you are busy.
, thanks I know you are . busy
, thanks know I you are busy .
Tracy
Tracy
Tracy
Jeff:
: jeff
: jeff
Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.
Are attached the draft to Schedule ISDA the Master Agreement , together Paragraph with 13 to ISDA Credit the Support Annex .
Attached are draft the to Schedule ISDA the Master Agreement , together Paragraph with to 13 the Credit ISDA Support Annex .
I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message.
I am putting the worksheet credit on the machine to fax you as as soon send I this message .
I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax to machine as you soon I as this send message .
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
Let know me if have you any questions need or anything else .
Me let know if you have any questions need or else anything .
Marie x33907
X33907 marie
X33907 marie
Hi everyone,
Everyone hi ,
Everyone hi ,
I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
Just I of got the phone with Hai and he told how me to make adjustment on an a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but explained he also this just is to make the P daily & L # ' s right , if nothing done were the month end P & L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .
I just of got the phone with Hai told and he me how make to an adjustment on a to day day basis in regards incorrect to liquidations but he also this explained is just to make the daily P & L # s right ' , if nothing were done the month end P & L still would somehow work out because adjustments would be made .
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
Does this for mean that June and for a of certain portion July we should not do anything and just adjustments make on going a forward basis ( and everything assume work will out at month end ) ?
Does this mean that June for and a for certain portion of should July not we do and anything just make adjustments on forward a going basis ( and assume will everything work out at end month ) ?
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to if see the numbers really did work out themselves was as there a large in swing order second on June 29 that was adjusted not for .
If this the is case I would like someone to walk me through June see to the if did really numbers work out themselves there as was a in large swing second order on June that 29 was not adjusted for .
Let me know if one of you could help me do this.
Me let if know one you of could help me do this .
Let me know of if one you could help do me this .
Karim.
. karim
. karim
Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now.
, this evidently a problem that Stacey has White been aware of for a of couple months . now
Evidently , this problem a that Stacey White been has of aware for a of months couple now .
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.
There a change was made in the coding for the position and delta has this messed somehow up the liq value .
There a change was in made coding for the the delta position and this has somehow messed up liq the value .
John
John
John
John, Karim,
, john Karim ,
John , , Karim
I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
M I now ' looking closely at the option liquidation problems .
I m ' looking now closely at option the liquidation problems .
I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue.
I that believe be there might a sign - flipping for problem PUTS that ' s this whole causing issue .
Believe that I there might be a sign - flipping for PUTS problem that ' causing s this whole . issue
I'll keep you posted.
I ll ' you keep posted .
I ll ' keep you . posted
Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question...
This karim - s ' likely the explanation to your question other . . .
- karim this ' the s likely explanation to other your question . . .
I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today)
I ' ll back to get you soon as as I more have info ( later hopefully today )
' I ll get back you to as as soon I have info more ( hopefully today later )
Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436
Marcelo L . Meira Sr Enron IT Networks Developer - , Houston TX ( ) 713 345 - 3436
Marcelo L Sr . Developer Meira IT Enron Networks - Houston , TX ( ) 713 345 - 3436
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608.
The id post I looking am at for Calgary 11608 is .
The post id I looking am at for 11608 Calgary is .
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money.
I looking am at the option report liquidation and all of the $ puts 65 are in the money and the $ 75 call also in is the money .
Am I at looking the liquidation option report and all of $ the 65 are puts in money the and the call $ 75 is also in the . money
Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
' shouldn t all the liquidation values from beginning the of the be month a negative ( representing positive liquidation ) the for ? puts
' shouldn t the all liquidation values from beginning the of the month be negative ( a positive representing liquidation ) for puts the ?
The liq value for the call is CORRECT.
The value for liq the call is CORRECT .
The value liq for the call is . CORRECT
John
John
John
Karim,
, karim
, karim
I don't want to wait till month end, let's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order, lets take that value into June since it relates to July puts.
Don I ' t to want wait end till month , let ' adjust s the numbers and for now the June 2nd 29 order , lets take that value into June it since relates July to puts .
I don ' t want to wait till month end let , ' s adjust the numbers and for now 29 the June 2nd order lets , that take June value into since relates it to July puts .
Hi everyone,
Everyone hi ,
Everyone hi ,
I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
Just I got the of phone with Hai and he me how told to an make adjustment on day a to day basis in regards to liquidations incorrect but he also explained is this just to make the daily P & L # ' s , right if nothing were done month the end P & L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .
I just got the of phone with Hai and he told how me to make adjustment an on day a to basis day in regards to liquidations incorrect but he explained also this is just to make the daily P & L # ' s right , if nothing were done the month P end & L would somehow work still out because adjustments would be made .
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
This does mean that for June a and for certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going basis forward and ( assume will work everything at end out month ) ?
Does this mean for that June and for a certain of portion we should July not do anything and just adjustments make a on going forward ( basis and assume everything will work at out month end ) ?
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.
If this is the case would I like someone to walk me June through see to if numbers the did really work themselves out as was there large a swing in second order June on 29 that was not for adjusted .
If this the is I case would like someone to walk through me June to see if the did numbers really work out themselves as there was large a swing second in order on 29 that June was adjusted not for .
Let me know if one of you could help me do this.
Let me know if of one you could me help this do .
Me let know one if of you help could me do this .
Karim.
. karim
. karim
Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now.
Evidently , a this that problem Stacey White has been aware for of a couple of months now .
Evidently , this a that problem Stacey been White has of aware for a couple months of now .
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.
There a was made change in the coding for the delta and position this somehow has messed up the . liq value
There was a change made in coding for the the delta and this position has somehow messed the up value liq .
John
John
John
John, Karim,
, john Karim ,
, john Karim ,
I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
I ' now m closely looking at the option problems liquidation .
I ' m now closely looking at the liquidation problems option .
I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue.
I believe there might that a be sign - flipping problem PUTS that for ' s causing this whole . issue
I that believe might there be a sign - problem flipping for PUTS that s ' causing this whole issue .
I'll keep you posted.
Ll I ' keep you posted .
I ' ll keep you posted .
Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question...
Karim - this ' likely s the to your explanation question other . . .
- karim this s ' explanation likely the to your other question . . .
I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today)
' I get ll back you to as soon as I have more info ( later hopefully ) today
' I get ll back to you as soon as I have info more ( hopefully later today )
Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436
L marcelo . Sr Meira IT Developer Enron Houston Networks - , TX ( 713 ) - 345 3436
Marcelo . L Meira Sr Developer IT Enron Networks - Houston , TX ( 713 ) 345 3436 -
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608.
Post the id I am at looking for Calgary 11608 is .
The post I id looking am at for Calgary 11608 is .
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money.
I at am looking option the liquidation report and all of $ the puts 65 are in the money and the $ 75 call also is in money the .
I looking am at the option liquidation report and all of the $ are 65 puts in money the and $ the 75 is call in also money . the
Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
' shouldn t the all liquidation from values the beginning the of month be a negative ( representing positive liquidation for ) the puts ?
Shouldn t ' all liquidation values the the from beginning of the month a be negative representing ( liquidation positive ) for the puts ?
The liq value for the call is CORRECT.
Liq the for value the call is CORRECT .
Liq the value for call the is CORRECT .
John
John
John
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment, I can meet with you individually later some time
to unable attend at time that to due a prior , appointment I meet can with individually you later some time
unable attend to at that time to due a prior , appointment I can with meet you later some individually time
OK, now that I've got your attention - I really am offering free lunch!
OK , now I that ' ve got attention your I - am really offering lunch free !
, OK now that I ' ve attention got your I - really offering am free lunch !
I would like to informally get together with you on Wednesday, July 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm (max) to talk about your recruiting experience with Enron Canada.
I like would to informally get with together you on Wednesday , July at 18 11 : 45 am - : 1 pm 00 max ( ) talk to about your recruiting experience with Canada Enron .
Would like I informally to get together with you Wednesday on July , 18 at : 11 45 am - : 00 1 ( pm max ) talk to about your recruiting experience with Enron Canada .
We're gearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process.
We ' re gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign we and think your experience us will help define what and works best can what be improved in our . process
We ' gearing re up for our 02 2001 campaign / recruiting and we think your experience will help what us define best and works what can be improved in our process .
For those of you in Toronto, I apologize for not being able to schedule this over your lunch time!
For those of in you Toronto , I apologize for being not able to this schedule lunch over time your !
For of those you in Toronto , I not apologize for being able to schedule this over your lunch ! time
However, if you can wait til 2:00pm to eat, go ahead and grab something and expense it!
However , if you wait can 2 til : 00pm to eat , go ahead something and grab and expense it !
However if , you wait can til : 2 00pm to , eat go ahead and something grab and it expense !
We'll hook you guys in by videoconference.
' we hook ll you guys by in videoconference .
' we ll hook guys you in videoconference by .
I've booked Videoconference Room # 1.
' I ve booked Videoconference # Room 1 .
I ' booked ve Videoconference Room 1 # .
Please let me know whether or not you can attend so I can order enough food.
Let please me know not whether or you can attend so I can order enough food .
Please let whether me know or not you can attend I so can enough food order .
Thanks!!
! thanks !
! thanks !
should be ok
should ok be
should ok be
Kindly confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday, July 26th at 2:00 p.m. (4:00 p.m. Toronto time).
Kindly confirm your to availability attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday , 26th July at 2 00 : . p m . ( 4 00 : p m . . Toronto time ) .
Kindly confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting for scheduled Thursday , July 2 26th at : . 00 p m . ( 4 00 : . p m . time Toronto ) .
This meeting should not take more than one hour.
Meeting this not should take more than hour one .
Meeting this should not take more than one hour .
The Toronto office will be video conferenced in.
The office Toronto will be video in conferenced .
Toronto the office will video be conferenced in .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Nella
Nella
Nella
Lets try before Fri, as I am planning to take that day off
Lets Fri try before , as am I to planning take that day off
Lets try Fri before , as I am to that planning take day off
Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week.
Is attached the revised draft that paper our reflects conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week .
Attached is the draft revised that paper reflects conference our call with Fagan Bob earlier week this .
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern/confusion you may have.
Propose I we have a conference call Bob with Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1 : 00 pm Calgary time to any discuss areas of / concern you have confusion may .
I have propose we a conference call with Bob Fagan on July Fri at 20 1 : pm 00 Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / you confusion have may .
Also, would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this.
Also , would of those who you not responded to have me via email your confirming acceptance of the terms upon which four our have companies agreed assume to cost responsibility for the work TCA on this .
, also would those you of have who responded not to me email confirming via your acceptance the of terms which upon four our companies have to agreed assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this .
Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard.
Attached the is letter I originally you sent to on May 10 in this . regard
Attached is the letter originally I to sent you on 10 in May this regard .
<< File: Tabors Conflict Letter Alberta Export 050901.doc >>
< < File Tabors Letter : Conflict Alberta 050901 Export . doc > >
< < File : Letter Tabors Conflict Alberta 050901 Export . > doc >
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Rob
Rob
Rob
Rob,
, rob
, rob
This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day.
This draft reflects changes the we discussed during call the our day other .
Draft this reflects the changes we discussed during call our day the other .
I've also included a redlined draft showing changes.
I ' also ve a redlined included draft showing changes .
I ' ve also included redlined a draft changes . showing
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Bob
Bob
Bob
<<Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc>>
< < Alberta Transmission Pricing Access and . Analysis_0712 doc > >
< < Alberta Access Transmission and Pricing Analysis_0712 . doc > >
<<Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc>>
< Alberta < Transmission Access Pricing and Analysis_0712 . redlined doc > >
< Alberta < Transmission Access Pricing and Analysis_0712 redlined . > doc >
- Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc << File: Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc >>
- Alberta Transmission Access Pricing and Analysis_0712 doc . < < : File Alberta Access Transmission and Pricing Analysis_0712 . doc > >
Alberta - Transmission and Access Analysis_0712 Pricing . doc < File < : Transmission Alberta Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 . > doc >
- Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc << File: Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>
Alberta - Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined doc . < < : File Access Alberta Transmission and redlined Pricing Analysis_0712 . doc > >
- Alberta Access Transmission and Analysis_0712 Pricing . redlined doc < < File : Transmission Access Alberta Pricing and Analysis_0712 redlined doc . > >
NO
NO
NO
Hi John,
John hi ,
Hi , John
With reference to Article 5, section 5.1 (b), are we going to propose an alternative planned outage to TAU for next year?
To with reference Article , 5 section 5 . ( 1 b ) , going are we to propose an alternative planned outage for to TAU next year ?
With reference to Article , 5 section . 5 1 ( b ) , are we going to propose alternative an planned to outage TAU for next year ?
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Mike
Mike
Mike
"Katie Kaplan" <kaplan@iepa.com>
" Kaplan Katie " < @ kaplan iepa . > com
" Kaplan Katie " kaplan < iepa @ . com >
10/27/2000 06:20 PM
/ 10 27 / 2000 06 20 : PM
/ 10 27 2000 / 06 : 20 PM
Please respond to kaplan
Please respond kaplan to
Respond please to kaplan
Greetings:
: greetings
: greetings
IEP will be hosting a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on Thursday, December 7, 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento.
will IEP be a hosting dinner California for Davis Governor Gray on Thursday , 7 December , 2000 historic at the Julia Morgan House in Sacramento .
will be IEP a hosting for California dinner Governor Gray Davis on Thursday , December 7 , at 2000 the historic Julia Morgan in House . Sacramento
We will be targeting to raise at least $100,000 so company contributions will range from $10,000-$20,000 per person ($10k minimum per person) depending on the number of respondents.
We will targeting be to raise at least $ 100 , 000 so contributions company will range from $ 10 , 000 - $ 20 , per 000 person ( $ 10k per minimum ) person the depending on of number respondents .
We will be targeting to raise at least $ 100 , 000 so company contributions range will from $ 10 , - 000 $ 20 , per 000 ( person 10k $ per minimum person depending ) on the number respondents of .
We have already received firm commitments from 3 companies.
We have already commitments received firm from companies 3 .
We already have received firm from commitments companies 3 .
If you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible.
If you are in interested attending e please - mail as me soon possible as .
If you are in interested attending please e - mail as me soon as possible .
A formal invitation will follow to those who respond.
Formal invitation a will follow to those who . respond
Formal a will invitation follow those to who respond .
We need responses or direction by no later than COB on Monday, October 30, 2000.
Need we or responses by direction no later than COB on Monday , 30 October 2000 , .
Need we or direction responses by no later than on COB Monday , October , 30 2000 .
Please contact me with any questions.
Me please contact with any questions .
Contact please me with any . questions
Thank you,
You thank ,
You thank ,
Katie Kaplan Manager of Policy IEP (916) 448-9499
Kaplan katie Manager of IEP Policy ( 916 ) 448 9499 -
Katie Kaplan Manager of Policy IEP ( 916 448 ) - 9499
Congratulations.
. congratulations
. congratulations
Everyone is extremely pleased that you're joining.
Is everyone extremely pleased you that ' re . joining
Everyone is extremely you that pleased ' re joining .
Best of luck and very much looking forward to working together.
Of luck and best very much looking forward to working together .
Best of and luck very much forward looking to working . together
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
I'll believe it when I see it.
I ' believe ll when it see I it .
' I ll believe when it I it see .
Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker & Co.right up until Nov. 1.
Seems a like good idea to keep the heat Hoecker on & Co . up right Nov until . 1 .
Seems like a idea good keep the to heat on Hoecker & . Co right until up Nov . . 1
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
I'm glad they want to follow-up with Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call.
I ' m they glad want follow to - with up Steve ( I ' ve pushing been ) it and I ' got ve some follow up - as based well on chats had I in the afternoon on with Friday folks post - call .
' m I glad want they follow to - up with Steve ( I ' ve been it pushing ) and I ' ve got some - follow up as based well on chats had I the in afternoon on Friday with folks post call - .
Let's regroup on Monday.
Let ' s on regroup . Monday
Let s regroup ' on Monday .
I'll be in Portland but can call you.
' I ll be in Portland but can call you .
Ll I ' be in Portland but call can you .
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Jeremy Meier <jermeier@earthlink.net>
Jeremy Meier < jermeier earthlink @ net . >
Jeremy jermeier Meier < @ earthlink . net >
10/29/2000 11:48 AM
10 / 29 / 2000 : 11 AM 48
/ 10 29 2000 / 11 : 48 AM
Jeff:
: jeff
: jeff
FYI, we had an instructive rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and Robbie et al.
FYI , we an had instructive rest of call the conference on Friday Sue with Robbie and al et .
FYI , had we an instructive rest the of conference on call Friday with Sue and Robbie et . al
They indicated they could use Steve's help face to face at some point.
They indicated they could Steve use ' s to help face face at some . point
Indicated they could they use Steve ' s face help face to at some point .
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues, case law and MSA self-certification language, and let me know if you have additional items.
Are we following with up Sue Robbie and a on legal couple issues , law and case self MSA - certification language , let and me know if you have additional items .
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on couple legal a , issues case law and MSA self - language certification , and let know if me you additional have items .
We await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the CPUC.
We await approval on the final language tariff can and then at the file CPUC .
We await approval the on final tariff language and can file the then at CPUC .
Let me know what schedule works for you.
Let what me know schedule works for you .
Me let know what schedule for works you .
Also, can you confirm the correct names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on Friday's call: Robbie Rossi, Michelle, Melissa Lloyd?
Also can , you confirm the correct names , email addresses , titles for new those folks Friday on ' call s Robbie : Rossi , , Melissa Michelle Lloyd ?
, also can you the confirm correct names , email addresses , for titles those folks new Friday on s ' call : Robbie Rossi , Michelle , Lloyd Melissa ?
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Jeremy Meier Blumenfeld & Cohen
Jeremy Blumenfeld Meier & Cohen
Jeremy Meier Blumenfeld Cohen &
Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF.
For attached your review are draft points talking for the Energy Cal Markets conference ' I m at speaking in on Thursday SF .
Attached for your review are talking draft points for Cal the Energy Markets conference I ' m speaking at in on Thursday . SF
All comments, suggestions, etc. are appreciated.
Comments , all suggestions , etc . appreciated are .
Comments all , suggestions , . etc appreciated are .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Yes, I would like to participate.
, yes I would like to . participate
I yes , would like to participate .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
thanks a million.
thanks million a .
thanks a . million
talk to you then.
to talk you then .
talk you to then .
Lara Leibman@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Lara Leibman @ COMMUNICATIONS ENRON
Lara Leibman @ COMMUNICATIONS ENRON
10/31/2000 03:48 PM
10 / 31 2000 / 03 48 : PM
/ 10 31 / 03 2000 : 48 PM
Here's the info for calling in -- thanks!
Here ' s the info calling for - in - ! thanks
Here s ' info the calling for in - - thanks !
Lara
Lara
Lara
Angie Buis
Buis angie
Buis angie
10/31/00 02:17 PM
31 10 / / 00 02 : 17 PM
/ 31 10 / 00 02 : 17 PM
The call-in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows:
The - in number call and instructions for the 11 2 / : 8 a 30 . m . meeting are follows as :
Call the - in number and instructions for the 11 / 2 8 : 30 . m a . are as meeting follows :
Everyone will dial the toll free number 1-877-331-6867.
Will dial everyone the toll free number 1 - 877 331 - 6867 - .
Will everyone toll dial the free number 1 - 877 - 331 6867 - .
All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code, which is 600-480.
The outside all participants will prompted be enter to their code access , which is 600 - 480 .
All outside the participants will be prompted to enter access their , code which - is 600 480 .
Wayne, your access code (room 4434) after dialing the toll free number will be 857-771.
Wayne , access your code ( room ) 4434 after dialing free the toll will be number 857 - 771 .
, wayne access your code ( room ) 4434 after the dialing toll number free will 857 be - 771 .
I have asked for 4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in, they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance.
I have for asked 4 outside ports should anyone and else need to in join , may they do so the with access code and operator assistance without .
I have for asked outside 4 and ports should anyone else to need join in they , may do so with the code access operator and without assistance .
The duration of the call is 3.5 hours.
The duration of call the is . 3 5 . hours
Duration the of the call 3 is 5 . hours .
The call will terminate once everyone has hung up.
The will call terminate everyone once hung has up .
The call will terminate has once everyone up hung .
Please let me know if any of you need additional information.
Please let me if know any of you need additional information .
Please let know me if of any you need additional . information
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Angie Buis EBS-Tax x-37097
Buis angie EBS - Tax - x 37097
Angie Buis EBS Tax - x 37097 -
Attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself, and the various appendices to the settlement.?
Attached for review your are of copies the settlement documents that were filed today in Gas the Industry Restructuring / Gas Natural Strategy proceeding , the including Motion for Approval of the Settlement Comprehensive that is thirty supported by signatories to Comprehensive the Settlement , Comprehensive the Settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement . ?
Attached for your review copies are of the settlement documents that were filed in today the Gas Industry / Restructuring Natural Gas Strategy proceeding , including the Motion for Approval the of Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty to signatories the Comprehensive Settlement , the Comprehensive Settlement document itself , and the various appendices to settlement the . ?
Because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically, they have not been included with this note.?
Because a number of the and declarations signature pages are yet not electronically available , they not have been included with note this . ?
Because a the number of declarations and signature pages not yet are electronically available , they have not included been with this . note ?
Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement, including all declarations and signature pages, are being shipped tonight via US mail to all parties on the service list.?
Copies of hard the Comprehensive Settlement , including all and declarations pages signature , shipped are being via tonight US mail to all parties on the list . service ?
Hard of the copies Comprehensive Settlement including , declarations and all signature pages , are being shipped via tonight US mail to all on parties the service list . ?
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need.
Additional printed copies be should within the available next day or so I will and them make to available of all you - just let me how know many copies you need .
Additional printed copies should be available the within next day or so and I make will available them to of all you - just let know me many how copies you . need
I would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process.?
I would like thank to of all the parties who participated this in settlement process . ?
I like to would all thank of parties the who participated in this process settlement . ?
You have all devoted considerable time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it shows.?
You have devoted all considerable time , and in resources spirit preparation the this of document - and it shows . ?
Have you all considerable devoted time , resources and in spirit the preparation of document this - and it shows . ?
We now have a settlement before the Commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among others.?
We now have a before settlement the Commission that includes ratepayer , advocates commercial and customers industrial , electric , generators marketers , shippers independent , storage providers , ? gas suppliers , ? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , customers wholesale , municipalities , retail and marketers mass , among others . ?
Now we have a settlement before the includes Commission that ratepayer advocates , commercial and customers industrial , generators electric , marketers , shippers , independent providers storage , ? gas , suppliers ? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail marketers mass , among others . ?
While we should be proud of our accomplishment, we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline.?
While we should be proud our accomplishment of , we now must turn the to task of our getting ready testimony May by 5 deadline . ?
We should while be of proud our accomplishment , we now turn must the to of task our getting testimony ready by 5 May deadline . ?
Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details.?
Assignments have been already made I and will schedule a conference call later this week to details discuss related . ?
Assignments have been already made and will I schedule conference a call later week this discuss to related . details ?
So much for resting on our laurels.?
Much so for resting our on laurels . ?
So much for resting on our laurels . ?
Once again, thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment.
Again once , thank you for all an outstanding . accomplishment
Once again , you thank all for an outstanding accomplishment .
<<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>> ? <<ld2d-#69397-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69396-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69377-1.XLS>> <<ld2d-#69381-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69336-1.XLS>> <<Primary Rights 4-12 .doc>> <<ld2d-#69334-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>>
< < ld2d - # 69366 - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - 69345 # - 1 DOC . > > ? < < - ld2d # 69397 - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - # 69396 - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - # 69377 - 1 . XLS > > < < ld2d - # 69381 - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - # 69366 - 1 DOC . > > < < ld2d - # - 69336 1 . XLS > > < < Primary Rights 4 - 12 . > doc > < < ld2d - # 69334 - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - # - 69345 1 . > DOC >
< ld2d < - # 69366 - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - # 69345 - 1 . > DOC > ? < ld2d < - # - 69397 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - # 69396 - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - 69377 # - 1 . XLS > > < < ld2d - 69381 # - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - # 69366 - 1 . DOC > > < < - ld2d # 69336 - 1 . > XLS > < < Primary Rights 4 - 12 . doc > > < ld2d < - # 69334 - 1 . DOC > > < < ld2d - # 69345 - 1 DOC . > >
- ld2d-#69366-1.DOC
- - ld2d 69366 # - 1 . DOC
- - ld2d # 69366 - 1 DOC .
- ld2d-#69345-1.DOC
- ld2d - 69345 # - . 1 DOC
Ld2d - - # 69345 - . 1 DOC
- ld2d-#69397-1.DOC
Ld2d - - # 69397 1 - . DOC
- ld2d - # - 1 69397 . DOC
- ld2d-#69396-1.DOC
- - ld2d # - 69396 1 . DOC
- ld2d - # 69396 1 - DOC .
- ld2d-#69377-1.XLS
- ld2d - # 1 69377 - . XLS
- ld2d - # - 69377 1 XLS .
- ld2d-#69381-1.DOC
- ld2d - # 69381 - . DOC 1
- ld2d - # - 69381 1 DOC .
- ld2d-#69366-1.DOC
- - ld2d # 69366 - 1 DOC .
- ld2d - # 69366 - . DOC 1
- ld2d-#69336-1.XLS
Ld2d - - # 69336 - . 1 XLS
- ld2d - # 69336 - XLS 1 .
- Primary Rights 4-12 .doc
- Primary Rights - 4 12 doc .
- Primary Rights - 12 4 . doc
- ld2d-#69334-1.DOC
- - ld2d # 69334 - . 1 DOC
- ld2d - # - 69334 . 1 DOC
- ld2d-#69345-1.DOC
- ld2d - # 69345 1 - DOC .
- ld2d - # 69345 - . DOC 1
Severin Borenstein
Borenstein severin
Borenstein severin
E.T. Grether Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy Director Haas School of Business U.C. Energy Institute University of California 2539 Channing Way Berkeley, CA 94720-1900 Berkeley, CA 94720-5180 (p) 510-642-3689 (p) 510-642-5145 (f) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei Email: borenste@haas.berkeley.edu WWW: http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
E T . . Grether Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy Director School Haas of Business U . C Energy . Institute University of 2539 Channing California Way Berkeley , CA 94720 - Berkeley 1900 , CA 94720 - 5180 ( p ) 510 - 642 - 3689 ( p ) 510 - 642 - 5145 ( f ) 707 - 885 - 2508 http : / / www ucei . . berkeley edu . / ucei Email : borenste @ haas . berkeley . WWW edu : http : / / haas . berkeley . edu / borenste ~
E . T Grether . Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy Director School Haas of Business U . C . Energy Institute University of California 2539 Channing Way Berkeley , CA 94720 - 1900 Berkeley , CA 94720 - 5180 p ( 510 ) - 642 - 3689 ( p ) 510 - 642 - 5145 ( ) f 707 - 885 - 2508 http : / / www . . ucei . berkeley edu / ucei Email : borenste @ haas . berkeley . edu WWW http : : / / haas . . berkeley / edu ~ borenste
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon.
Attached is a my rough draft of talking points for a panel I ' ll on be at a CEM conference in Thursday SF on afternoon .
Attached is rough a of draft talking my a points for I panel ' ll on at be a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .
Have distributed to Western GA team (plus Steffes) for comment and thought you may have some, too.
Have distributed to Western GA team ( Steffes plus ) for comment and thought you may some have , too .
Have distributed to Western GA team plus ( Steffes ) comment for and thought may you have , some too .
Topic for panel, "PUC Priorities."
For topic panel , " PUC . Priorities "
For topic panel , " PUC . Priorities "
Goal is to (politely?) refute Loretta Lynch's and Carl Woods' continued assertions that 1) California's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2) the solution is to turn back the clock to command-and-control regulation.
Goal is to ( politely ? ) Loretta refute Lynch ' s and Carl Woods continued ' that assertions 1 ) California ' to s move deregulate was based ideology solely on with no basis in fact and 2 the ) solution is to turn back the to clock command - - and control regulation .
Is goal ( politely to ? ) refute Loretta Lynch s ' and Carl Woods ' continued assertions that 1 ) California ' s move to deregulate was solely based on ideology with no basis in fact ) and the 2 is solution to turn back the to clock command - and - control regulation .
The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat.
The FERC order tomorrow likely is to the alter points . somewhat
FERC the tomorrow order is likely alter to the points somewhat .
Comments are much appreciated.
Comments much are appreciated .
Are comments much appreciated .
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Chris:
: chris
: chris
As we discussed yesterday, Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday.
We as discussed yesterday , and I Laird spoke and think we the that presentation is good to go Thursday for .
As discussed we yesterday , Laird I and spoke we and think that presentation the is to go good for Thursday .
We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week.
We ' ll to need the update numbers the for we offer to made S . D . last . week
We ' ll need update to the numbers the offer for to we made . S D . last week .
You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product.
You had mentioned that might you to want include a product shaped .
You had that mentioned you might want a to include shaped product .
You still considering it?
You still it considering ?
You still it considering ?
Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end.
Us let know and we add can it , make and any changes other you ' d like to make at end this .
Let us know we and can add it , and make other any changes ' you like d to make this at end .
My flight gets into S.D. at at 8:35 on southwest.
My flight gets into S . D at . at 8 : 35 southwest on .
My flight gets S into . D . at 8 at : southwest 35 on .
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 AM and it's renewable-focused.
Sandi sez it ' s happening actually at AM and 10 it ' s focused renewable - .
It sandi sez ' actually happening s at 10 AM and it ' s renewable focused - .
David Forster
Forster david
Forster david
03/08/2000 09:45 AM
03 08 / 2000 / 09 : 45 AM
/ 03 08 / 09 2000 : 45 AM
Fyi
Fyi
Fyi
Dear Justin
Justin dear
Justin dear
Marly asked me to respond to you.
Marly me asked respond to to you .
Marly asked respond me to to you .
As you know, the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many companies.
As you , the know ONLINE suffix purely is descriptive and now used by companies many .
As know you , suffix the ONLINE is purely descriptive and used now companies by many .
Therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE.
Therefore , mark any trade registration that incorporates the ONLINE as word a suffix in the way that use you it will its not enable owner to others prevent from using the word ONLINE .
Therefore , any trade mark registration incorporates that the word ONLINE suffix as a in way the that use it you will not enable its owner to others prevent from using word the ONLINE .
Given the above, if you have adequate protection for the word ENRON (which covers the services that you offer on-line as well as your core activities), I'd say that another application for the words ENRON ONLINE is probably unnecessary.
The given above , if you have protection for adequate the ENRON word ( which the covers services that you offer on - line as well as core your activities ) , I ' d say that another for application words ENRON the ONLINE is unnecessary probably .
Given above the , if have you adequate protection for the word ENRON ( which covers the that services offer on you - line as well your as core activities ) , ' I say d that another application for the ENRON words is ONLINE probably unnecessary .
However, if you use a particular logo for the on-line service, that should be registered.
However if , you a use logo particular for on the line - service , that be should registered .
, however if use you a particular logo the for on - service line , that should be registered .
I hope the above is clear.
Hope I the is above clear .
I the hope above clear is .
Jonathan Day
Day jonathan
Day jonathan
Marly,
, marly
, marly
If you could respond to me on this request, thanks
You if could respond me to this on request , thanks
You could if respond to me on this request thanks ,
Justin
Justin
Justin
Paul Goddard
Goddard paul
Goddard paul
08/03/2000 11:35
08 / / 2000 03 11 : 35
08 / 03 / 11 2000 35 :
Can one of you give me a quick call to discuss .
One can of you give me a call quick to . discuss
Can one of me you give a call quick to discuss .
I'm @ X37047.
I ' m @ . X37047
I m ' @ X37047 .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
I believe we are to some extent already protected with "Enron" proceeded with anything, but EnronOnline(TM) , etc. just affords us more protection.
I believe we to are extent some already with protected Enron " " with proceeded anything but , EnronOnline ( ) TM , etc . just us affords protection more .
I we are believe some to already extent protected " with Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , . etc us affords just more protection .
I assume this is akin to why McDonald's trademarks "Mc"Everything?
I assume this is akin to why ' McDonald trademarks s " Mc " Everything ?
Assume is I akin this to why McDonald ' s trademarks " Mc " Everything ?
David Forster
Forster david
Forster david
08/03/2000 01:50
08 / / 03 2000 : 01 50
/ 08 03 / 2000 01 50 :
Paul,
, paul
, paul
Can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking?
Can please you give a me to call discuss trademarking ?
Can you please give me a to call discuss trademarking ?
i.e. Are we covered if we proceed a word with "Enron"?
. I . e covered Are we if we proceed a with word " Enron " ?
i . e . covered Are we if we proceed a word with Enron " " ?
e.g.: EnronEAuction.
e . . g : . EnronEAuction
g e . . : EnronEAuction .
If we are covered, then was it necessary to register EnronOnline?
We if are covered , then was to it necessary register EnronOnline ?
If we are covered , then it to was necessary register EnronOnline ?
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Dave
Dave
Dave
____________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________
This message is confidential.
This message confidential is .
This is message confidential .
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules.
May also it be privileged or protected otherwise by product work immunity or other rules legal .
It be may also or privileged otherwise by protected work immunity product or other legal rules .
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
You if have received it by mistake us please let know by and reply delete then from it system your ; you not should copy message the or disclose contents its to anyone .
You if have it by received mistake please us let know by reply and delete then it from system your ; you should not copy message the or its disclose contents to anyone .
____________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning, we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list: Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, and Slovenia.
My per conversation Edmund with morning this , are the we moving countries following to non the - approved list : , Austria Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , , Portugal Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .
Per my conversation with this Edmund morning we are , moving following the countries to the non - approved : list Austria Belgium , , Croatia , Czech , Republic Denmark , Poland Portugal , Romania , , Singapore , and . Slovenia
Below is the list, now updated to reflect this change.
Below is the , list now to updated this reflect change .
Is below list the , updated now to reflect this change .
Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives: Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K, and the U.S..
Are which jurisdictions are approved to credit trade derivatives : Finland , , Germany , Norway Sweden , Switzerland , . the U K , and U the . S . .
Which jurisdictions are are approved to trade derivatives credit : Finland , , Norway Germany , , Switzerland Sweden , the U . K , and U the . S . .
Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The Netherlands.
Jurisdictions which are approved not credit to trade derivatives include Austria : , Belgium , Canada , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , France Gibraltar , , Ireland Italy , , Poland , Portugal , , Romania Scotland , Singapore , , Slovenia Spain , and The Netherlands .
Which jurisdictions are to not approved credit trade derivatives include : Austria , Belgium Canada , , Croatia Czech , Republic , Denmark , France , , Gibraltar Ireland , Italy , Poland Portugal , , Romania , Scotland , Singapore , Slovenia Spain , and , The Netherlands .
For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches).
Banks incorporated for in a non - jurisdiction approved , it may be possible them for to out trade a of branch in located approved an ( jurisdiction i . e . U . . S and U . K . branches ) .
Incorporated banks for in a non - jurisdiction approved , may it be possible for them to trade out a of branch located in an jurisdiction approved i ( . . e U . S . U and . K . branches ) .
This would have to be determined on a case by case basis.
This would have to be determined a on by case case . basis
This would to be have determined a on case by case basis .
Please let me know if there are any changes to this list.
Please let me know if there any are changes to this list .
Let please me know if there are changes any to list this .
Sent by: Nella Cappelletto
By sent : Nella Cappelletto
By sent : Nella Cappelletto
Yes, we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives and/or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act (Alberta), Securities Act (British Columbia) and Securities Act (Ontario).
Yes we should , compliance with add OTC Derivatives and / or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities ( Alberta Act ) , Securities Act ( and British Columbia ) Securities ( Act Ontario ) .
Yes , add we should with compliance OTC Derivatives / and or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act ( Alberta ) , Act Securities ( British ) Columbia and Securities Act ( Ontario ) .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Peter
Peter
Peter
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules?
With to regard our annual of review this of list we laws need to comply with , do we not want to add the Canadian provinces " new eligible participant swap " equivalant rules ?
Regard with to our annual review of list of this we laws need comply with to , do not we want add to the Canadian provinces new " eligible participant swap " rules equivalant ?
Molly Harris
Harris molly
Harris molly
03/08/2000 05:37 PM
03 / / 08 2000 05 37 : PM
/ 03 / 08 2000 05 : 37 PM
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00.
Please find Credit attached ' s responses EOL for / 3 8 00 / .
Find please attached Credit ' EOL responses s for 3 8 / / 00 .
Regards
Regards
Regards
Molly
Molly
Molly
You are the best!
Are you the best !
You are best the !
Why does it always have to be my deals...?!!!
Why does always to it be have my deals . . . ? ! ! !
Why does it have always to be deals my . . . ? ! ! !
We've received a personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan.
' we received ve a personal invitation to a Crawfish NYMEX Boil on April 3 at 5 00 : at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan .
We ' received ve personal a invitation to a NYMEX Boil on Crawfish April at 3 5 : at 00 in Garden Heights the at 3926 Feagan .
The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract.
Of the cause this is celebration the 10th anniversary the of Nat Gas futures contract .
Cause the of this celebration is the anniversary 10th of the Gas futures Nat contract .
It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend.
It be would nice Shankman and if John Arnold could attend .
Be it would nice if Shankman and Arnold John could attend .
Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation...
You perhaps can give a them invitation personal . . .
You perhaps give can them a invitation personal . . .
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm.
Received have we the amendment to BC the Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas , adds which the Securities Canadian Representation , we so don t ' have to add the rep into every confirm .
Have received we the amendment to the BC ISDA Gas Master executed by Gas BC , adds which Canadian the Securities Representation so , we ' don t to have add the into rep every confirm .
BC Gas won't sign the confirms with the rep in, and this has caused much difficulties.
BC won Gas ' t sign the with confirms the rep , in and has this caused much difficulties .
BC Gas won ' sign t the with confirms the rep in , and this has caused much difficulties .
I am going to count it as signed, since BC Gas has signed, but we still need it to be signed by ECC.
Am going I to count it as signed since , BC Gas has , signed but we still need it to be signed ECC by .
I am to going count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed but , we still need it be by to signed ECC .
Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me.
You can get it ASAP signed and to back me .
Can you get it ASAP back signed and to me .
Much thanks.
Much . thanks
Much . thanks
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000.
We have received the executed Amendment the to with Subscription Agreement WeatherTrade , Inc dated . 2 March 2000 , .
Have we received the Amendment executed to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc . March dated 2 2000 , .
This Amendment amends the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement.
This Amendment the amends Transaction referenced Fee in ( c subparagraph ) the Fee of Schedule to the Subscription Agreement .
This amends Amendment the Fee Transaction referenced subparagraph in ( c ) of Fee the Schedule Subscription to the Agreement .
Copies will be distributed.
Copies be will distributed .
Copies will distributed be .
Updating another blue file because Susan B., this time, has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes!
Updating another blue file because . Susan B , this , time not has updated it to reference & mergers changes name !
Updating another blue file Susan because B . this , , time has not updated it to mergers reference & name changes !
It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on, and you probably didn't see them at first.
It appears you missed some on cpys referenced list the because Tom had the freeze panel on button , and you probably ' didn see t at them first .
Appears it you missed some cpys on the list referenced because had Tom the freeze button panel on , and you probably didn ' t them at see . first
I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up.
I didn t ' either until I clicked on down the button and popped they up .
I t didn ' either until I on clicked the down and button popped they up .
When you have a minute, I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel.
When you have a minute I , ' ll me give call a and ' I come ll and around you show to how unfreeze the panel .
You when have a minute , I ' ll give me call and a I ' come ll around show and how you to panel unfreeze the .
I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for Credit Derivatives, and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of London.
To I spoke Edmund to get scoop the we on what are going to be doing the on for confirms Credit Derivatives , and he said his that current understanding is that of all the confirms will done be out of London .
Spoke I to to Edmund get the on scoop what we are going to doing on be the confirms for Credit Derivatives he , and said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will done be out of London .
I communicated that to Bob Bowen.
I communicated that to Bob Bowen .
Communicated that I to Bob Bowen .
He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business.
Also he said London that going to was be hiring 120 people to with the deal Credit Derivatives business .
He also said that London was going 120 to be hiring people deal to with the Credit Derivatives business .
Wow!
! wow
! wow
Carol, will you handle this or Mark?
Carol , you handle will this or Mark ?
, carol will you handle this or ? Mark
Tori Kuykendall
Kuykendall tori
Kuykendall tori
03/09/2000 03:51 PM
03 / 09 / 2000 03 : 51 PM
03 / 09 / 03 2000 : PM 51
hi mark -
mark hi -
Mark hi -
i'm a gas trader on the west desk and one of my customers had some issues with our electronic trading agreement.
i m ' a gas trader on the desk west and one my of customers had some with issues electronic our trading agreement .
' m I a gas trader on the west desk and one my of customers had issues some with our electronic trading . agreement
the company is Arco Products, adn their comments are on the attached file.
the company Arco Products is , adn their comments on are attached the file .
the company is Products Arco , adn their are comments on the . attached file
could you take a look at this and give me an update.
could you take look a at this give and an me update .
could you take a at look this give and an me update .
thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Torrey, as promised I have attached ARCO's suggested revisions to the Enron online trading agreement.
, torrey as promised have I attached ARCO ' suggested s revisions to the Enron online trading agreement .
Torrey , as have promised I attached ' ARCO s revisions suggested to the online Enron trading agreement .
I look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting.
Look forward I to toward working a mutually agreement in satisfactory this and new thorny area of e - commerce contracting .
Forward I look to working toward a mutually agreement satisfactory in this and new thorny area e of - commerce . contracting
Dave
Dave
Dave
(See attached file: ETA_revision0307.doc)
See ( attached file : ETA_revision0307 . ) doc
( See attached file ETA_revision0307 : doc . )
- ETA_revision0307.doc
- ETA_revision0307 doc .
- ETA_revision0307 doc .
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999.
We received have the executed First to Amendment ISDA Master dated Agreement of as December , 1 1999 .
We have received executed the First to Amendment ISDA Master as Agreement dated December of 1 , 1999 .
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master.
This amendment adds the Columbia British Securities Act representation to the master .
This amendment British adds the Columbia Securities Act representation the to master .
Copies will be distributed.
Copies will be . distributed
Copies be will distributed .
Confirmation Desk: you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now.
Desk confirmation : stop you can adding rep the to the confirms now .
Confirmation Desk : you can the stop adding rep to now the confirms .
Molly Harris
Harris molly
Harris molly
03/09/2000 05:39 PM
03 09 / / 2000 05 39 : PM
03 / 09 / 2000 05 PM : 39
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/9/00.
Find attached please Credit ' s EOL for responses 3 / / 9 00 .
Please find attached Credit ' s EOL responses 3 for / 9 00 / .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Molly
Molly
Molly
Here's the list with the missing counterparties.
Here ' the with s list the missing counterparties .
Here ' s the with the list missing . counterparties
Molly Harris
Harris molly
Harris molly
03/08/2000 05:37 PM
03 / / 08 2000 05 : PM 37
03 / 08 / 2000 05 37 PM :
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00.
Please attached find Credit ' s responses EOL 3 for / 8 00 / .
Please find attached Credit ' s responses EOL 3 for / / 8 . 00
Regards
Regards
Regards
Molly
Molly
Molly
Yeah!
! yeah
! yeah
Probably...
. probably . .
. probably . .
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power.
I got just call a Dave from and Frank and they tell me I have a week whole this to time the approve list whole counterparty to Australian trade financial power .
I just got call a Dave from and and Frank they me tell I have whole a week this time to approve whole the counterparty list to trade financial Australian power .
I'll need to talk to you about his Monday.
Ll I ' need to talk to you his about Monday .
I ll ' need to talk to you about . his Monday
Hey guys, take Monday off!
Hey guys , take Monday off !
Guys hey take , Monday off !
Molly Harris
Harris molly
Harris molly
03/10/2000 04:28 PM
03 10 / / 2000 04 28 : PM
03 / 10 / 2000 04 PM : 28
Please note Credit has no EOL responses for 3/10/00.
Please note Credit has responses EOL no for 3 10 / / 00 .
Please note Credit no EOL has responses 3 for / 10 00 / .
Regards
Regards
Regards
Molly
Molly
Molly
Mike Jordan
Jordan mike
Jordan mike
04/04/2001 09:27 AM
04 / 04 / 09 2001 : AM 27
/ 04 04 / 09 2001 : 27 AM
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals.
Find please attached the most recent update Merchanting for . Metals
Find please attached the most recent for update Merchanting . Metals
In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule.
Summary in the planned changes systems and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule .
In summary the systems planned changes and manual substantiation efforts behind are schedule .
Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ).
Additional resources being are allocated the and situation is being closely monitored ( for quarter both signoff end and on going operations ) .
Resources additional being are allocated the and situation is closely being monitored ( both for end quarter signoff and on going operations ) .
Please contact me if you require any additional information
Contact please if me you require any additional information
Contact please me if you require additional any information
Mike
Mike
Mike
Mike Jordan
Jordan mike
Jordan mike
03/04/2001 16:29
03 / 04 2001 / 16 29 :
03 / 04 / 16 2001 29 :
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage, spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
Intention the the of efforts and actions documented in my earlier see update ( attached email ) was provide to robust a position signoff process for total metal , tonnage spread brand and and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet MTM forward debtors and creditor balances transactional OBSF values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
The of intention efforts the and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a position robust signoff for total process metal tonnage , spread and and brand location timely a substantiation of stock balance sheet on forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays account intercompany
Despite the best efforts of IT, continuing problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values.
Despite the best efforts of IT , continuing with problems the AS400 , application a better understanding the of inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over of the useability the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of sufficient delivering accurate information AA to to their satisfy audit requirements - which a macro at level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .
Despite the best efforts of IT , continuing problems with the AS400 application , a better understanding of the stock inconsistency between reconciliation reports , and over concerns the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy audit their requirements - which at a macro the level is transparent audit trail between stock and forward to positions accounting full values .
Consequently I need to inform you of, and/or require your approval for, the following :
Consequently I need inform to you of , or and / require your approval for , the following :
Consequently I need to inform you of , / and require or your for approval , the following :
I will discuss with AA the following
I discuss will with the AA following
Discuss I will with AA the following
that OBSF values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model simplifications)
That OBSF within values the extended trial be may balance misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond conversations existing with on AA model simplifications )
OBSF that values within the extended balance trial be may due misstated data to issues ( above beyond existing and conversations with on AA model simplifications )
that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses, AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to AA within the audit timetable)
there that are differences reconciling between trader position analyses AS400 , screen on enquiries and the formal position global report ( these differences are at present understood not but would need be to provided to within the AA audit ) timetable
that there are differences reconciling trader between analyses position , AS400 on screen enquiries the and formal global position report ( these are differences present at but not understood would to need be provided to AA within the timetable audit )
an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work )
an of outline the internal balance sheet review process described in my note earlier which must be now reprioritised and rescoped ( MO see ) work
an outline the of internal balance sheet process review in described my note earlier must which now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see ) MO work
The creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives
The creation an of incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal awards best ) key for Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours the to meet above stated objectives
The of creation incentive an pool payment ( via possibly personal best awards ) key for Metals who staff to work continue exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above objectives stated
The signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who will 'duplicate' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing Traffic staff
The signoff for additional permanent ' ' Enron headcount who will ' duplicate ' certain control key position ultimately processes replacing existing some Traffic staff
Signoff for additional the permanent ' Enron ' headcount who will ' duplicate ' certain key position control ultimately processes some replacing existing Traffic staff
A reconciling difference of $15mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400.
Reconciling a difference of $ 15mm between exists the reported DPR and the final p accounting & l generated on as AS400 . the
Reconciling difference a $ of 15mm exists the between reported and DPR the final accounting & p l as generated the on AS400 .
We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l, as a result of data or system valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe.
Will we to continue investigate misstatements potential the in p system & l , as a result of or system data valuation problems , the within month end timeframe reporting .
We continue will investigate potential to misstatements in the system p & l , a as result data or system of valuation problems , the within end month reporting timeframe .
However, this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p&l values with traders.
However , difference this to may need be adjusted for a following review final and of signoff system p & l with values traders .
However , difference this need may to adjusted for be following a final and review signoff of p system & l with values traders .
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated.
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced viable where economically ) until fully positions are and reconciled repeatable daily signoff process can instigated be .
The recall all stock of OBSF early April in retention and balance on ( sheet reduced where economically viable ) until positions are reconciled fully and repeatable daily signoff process be can instigated .
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows
Middle work Office prioritised being is as follows
Middle Office work prioritised being is follows as
the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic/co-ordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues ), requiring full download of contract detail for later reference
Stock the circularisation initiated for close business of 23rd - with full returns reconciliation of to current system data by traffic / co - ordination an audit the of stock forward and valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues ) requiring full , download of contract detail for later reference
Stock the initiated circularisation for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns current to system data by traffic / co - ordination an audit of the and stock valuation forward report for 30th the ( replacing planned 23rd review to due system issues ) , full requiring of contract download detail for later reference
reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd and 30th sample tests of vanilla forward transactions
reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd 30th and tests sample vanilla forward of transactions
reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd 30th sample and of tests vanilla transactions forward
detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to Barclays documentation
Detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to Barclays documentation
position detailed of analysis OBSF all contracts that must reconciled be to Barclays documentation
spreadsheet recalculation of OBSF option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis
spreadsheet recalculation OBSF of option premium utilising the above manually analysis created position
recalculation spreadsheet of OBSF premium option the utilising above manually created position analysis
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis
circularisation the of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and analysis substantiation
the circularisation of Barclays account intercompany and comparison to our cut and substantiation analysis off
the debtors/creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd
the debtors / partial creditors circularisation initiated of for close business 23rd
Debtors the / partial creditors initiated circularisation for close of business 23rd
I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval
Will be I in touch directly re the items approval needing
I will be in re touch directly items the needing approval
Regards
Regards
Regards
Mike
Mike
Mike
Mike Jordan
Jordan mike
Jordan mike
21/03/2001 18:20
21 / 03 / 2001 18 : 20
/ 21 03 / 2001 18 20 :
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business.
Several have related resulted issues in an increase in level the of operating risk for Merchanting the business Metals .
Several have related issues in resulted an increase in the of level operating risk Merchanting for the Metals business .
Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility ("OBSF") which commenced two weeks before the year end.
Surrounding complexities the operation of Off the Sheet Facility Balance ( OBSF " " ) commenced two which weeks before the year end .
Complexities surrounding the operation of the Balance Off Facility Sheet ( " OBSF " which two ) commenced weeks before year the . end
The uncertainty generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility late in the year end audit.
The generated uncertainty by revocation the AA of ' s for signoff the facility late the in end year audit .
The uncertainty generated by the of revocation ' AA s for signoff facility the late the in end year audit .
The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400 Merchanting code, arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality, which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF.
The discovery a of number of bugs ' ' within AS400 the code Merchanting , arising of from the release designed OBSF , functionality which the compounded operational burden of supporting the OBSF .
Discovery the a of ' number of ' bugs within AS400 the Merchanting code , arising from the release of designed OBSF functionality , which the compounded burden operational supporting of the OBSF .
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ).
Requirement the amend to the operational process OBSF IT and code a as of the result current renegotiation of the OBSF Barclays with ( and AA ) .
The requirement to amend operational process the OBSF and IT code as a result of current the renegotiation of the OBSF with and Barclays ( AA ) .
The senior IT developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave.
The IT senior developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent gardening . on leave
The senior IT for developer Merchanting and has resigned been sent on gardening . leave
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues.
The requirement Corporate to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of above the business parochial . issues
The Corporate requirement to capital lower working for Merchanting usage the business irrespective of the above parochial business . issues
Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus, gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet.
Various have mitigating actions been and will be to taken provide focus gain , comfort over control levels and to provide assurance senior to management as to accuracy the the of DPR Q1 and business balance sheet .
Various mitigating actions been have will and be taken to provide , focus comfort gain over levels control and to assurance provide to senior management as to the accuracy of Q1 the DPR and business sheet balance .
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers.
The implementation for for SAP Merchanting the business has delayed and been decoupled effectively the from higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage - implementation benefit to is provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .
The implementation for SAP for Merchanting business the has been delayed effectively and decoupled from the risk higher higher ( benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF IT for Merchanting developers .
The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1.
The AR / AP SAP data reviews quality for both businesses are as continuing to provide so a analysis detailed as at Q1 end .
The AR / AP SAP quality data for reviews businesses both continuing are as so to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1 .
Middle Office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all Metals businesses.
Office middle have instigated a new working daily capital tracking report process settlement cash / funding data to working capital components all for businesses Metals .
Middle Office have a instigated new working daily capital report process tracking settlement cash / data funding to capital working components all for Metals . businesses
An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage, spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations.
An enhanced position signoff will process be implemented prior to end Q1 covering tonnage gross , spread positions analyses and brand summarised for locations and .
Enhanced an position process signoff will be implemented to prior end Q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and analyses for brand summarised locations and .
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400, however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA/excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads.
The necessary report should functionality be within available AS400 the however , contingencies been have initiated build to VBA tactical / excel reports outside of AS400 the but AS400 using data downloads .
The necessary functionality report should be within available the , however contingencies AS400 have been initiated to build VBA tactical / excel outside of reports the AS400 but using data AS400 downloads .
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF.
User for requests additional AS400 and functionality reports have aggressively been prioritised and a code will freeze commence prior to of the end Q1 following the of delivery three reports determined requirements as minimum for support the of OBSF .
User requests for additional and AS400 functionality reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code commence will freeze prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three determined reports minimum as requirements the for support of OBSF .
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close
A resubstantiation of full the Q1 DPR will be by completed Risk the control staff the full reconciling trial balances between open Q1 and close Q1
Of a resubstantiation full the Q1 DPR will be completed by Risk the control staff the reconciling trial full balances between open Q1 and Q1 close
A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates
A internal full balance sheet review will be completed within the audit Q1 timetable which incorporates
Full a internal balance sheet will review be completed within Q1 the audit which timetable incorporates
A full circularisation of inventory balances, and matching to source documentation within Enron
Full a of circularisation inventory , balances and to matching source documentation within Enron
A full of circularisation inventory balances , matching and documentation to source within Enron
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances, by third party inspectors, where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis
Inspection of certain of the above inventory , balances by third party inspectors where , there is expectation an circularisation that will not replies received on be a basis timely
Inspection of certain of above the balances inventory , by third party inspectors , where there an is that expectation circularisation replies be will not received on a basis timely
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )
Substantive checks back to source contract the documentation for forward priced and unpriced positions ( report spot checking the key signed position report off by traders the )
Substantive to checks back source for contract documentation the forward priced and report unpriced positions ( spot checking the key report position signed off by traders the )
Full reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values
Full reconciliation recalculation and of OBSF option values premium
Full and reconciliation recalculation OBSF of option premium values
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account
Full of reconciliation contracts OBSF within the to Barclays ( substantiating documentation thereby existence stock of that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 account Barclays
Reconciliation full of within contracts OBSF to the Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating of existence stock that have we option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account
A risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation, where applicable, and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements
Risk a debtors review based - matching to documentation source , where applicable , any and subsequent post end quarter cash movements
A risk debtors based review matching - to source documentation , where applicable , any subsequent and post quarter end cash movements
A full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices/request for payment )
Full a substantiation of ( creditors to internal contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices / request for payment )
Full a of substantiation creditors to ( contract internal ) commitments or external documentation ( invoices / request payment for )
A full reconciliation of intercompany accounts
A full of reconciliation intercompany accounts
A full reconciliation intercompany of accounts
A full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding accounts
A full substantive reconciliation of and cash accounts funding
A full reconciliation of substantive cash and funding accounts
I intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during April
I intend to provide weekly on updates status the the of above during actions April
Intend I to provide weekly on updates the status of above the during actions April
If you have any questions please call me on x34703
If you any have please questions call me x34703 on
If you have questions any please call x34703 me on
Regards
Regards
Regards
Mike
Mike
Mike
Dr. Harris:
Dr Harris . :
Dr Harris . :
I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application.
Would I like to you thank personally taking for the time to review closely my application .
Would I to thank like for you personally taking the time to closely my review application .
Though I am disappointed with the results I am still determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year.
Though I am with disappointed the results am I still determined to The attend TEXAS Graduate School of next Business year .
Though am I with the disappointed results I am still determined to attend TEXAS The Graduate School of Business next year .
I understand how competitive the process has become, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, personality, extracurricular activities, etc. that this would compensate for my disability.
I understand how the competitive has process become , but felt I that with my experiences work , recommendations personality , , extracurricular , activities etc . that this would compensate disability for my .
Understand I how process competitive the become has , but I felt with that my experiences work recommendations , , personality , extracurricular , activities etc . that this for would compensate my disability .
After talking with Professors Titman, Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for.
After talking Titman with Professors , Ronn , Brown Jemison and , I was sure that the School the was right place get education to the was I looking . for
Talking after with Professors Titman , Ronn , and Brown Jemison I , sure was that the School the was place to right the get education I was for looking .
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.
I am still certain the that School the is best place for getting a graduate great level - , education so I want you to that know am I to going do whatever it takes to get in next year .
I am still the certain that School is the place best for getting a great graduate - level education , so I you want know to I that am going to do whatever it takes to in next get year .
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level.
Plan I on two taking three or graduate level finance courses at University the of Houston this Summer to and Fall demonstrate the to Admissions committee that I compete can the at graduate . level
I plan taking on two or three finance graduate level courses at the Houston University of Summer this and to Fall demonstrate the to Admissions that committee can I compete at the graduate level .
I also plan on retaking the GMAT test.
Also I on plan retaking the GMAT test .
I also plan on retaking the GMAT test .
Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business.
Due my to disability , this be monumental will a task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I successful can be The at TEXAS Graduate School Business of .
Due to disability my , this be a will monumental ; but task I determined am to prove to the Committee I that can successful be The at TEXAS Graduate School Business of .
I would like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you.
I would to like down come to Austin spring this to meet with you discuss to further my file application to and personally meet you .
I would like to down come to Austin spring this to meet you with further to discuss my application file and to personally you meet .
If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
You if think of else anything can I do strengthen my overall to application file for next year , please let me . know
You if think of anything I else do to can strengthen my overall application for file year next , let please me know .
Take care and hope to hear from you soon.
Care and hope take to hear from you soon .
Take hope care and to hear you from soon .
Sincerely,
, sincerely
, sincerely
Ben Rogers
Rogers ben
Rogers ben
Professor Ronn:
Ronn professor :
Ronn professor :
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program.
Would I like to you thank for taking the time recommend to me to the . MBA Program
I would to like you thank for taking the time to recommend to the me MBA . Program
In the end, the results were not favorable.
In the end , results the were not favorable .
In end the , the were results favorable not .
I understand that it is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extracurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability.
I understand that is it a competitive process but , I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extracurricular activities , . etc , that help would this my and chances possibly for compensate my disability .
I that understand is it competitive a process , but I felt that with work my experiences , recommendations , extracurricular activities , etc . , that this help would chances my and compensate possibly my for disability .
After talking with you and Professors Titman, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance.
Talking after with you and Professors Titman Brown , Jemison and , I sure was that UT the was right place to learning continue about energy - finance .
After you talking and with Professors Titman Brown , and Jemison , was I UT sure that was the right place to continue about learning energy - finance .
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting excellent an - graduate education , level I so want you to that know I am going to whatever do it takes to get in year next .
Am I sure still UT that is place the for getting an excellent graduate - education level , so I you to want know that I am going to do takes whatever it to get next in year .
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level.
I on plan two taking or three graduate level finance courses at the University Houston of this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to Admissions the that office I can compete this at level .
I on plan two taking three or graduate finance level at courses the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions that can office compete I this at level .
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.
I also plan on retake trying the to GMAT test .
I plan also on to trying retake GMAT the test .
Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business.
To due my disability , this be will a monumental task , I but am determined to prove to the Admissions that commitee I can work with excel the at The University Texas Graduate School of . Business
Due to my , disability this will a be monumental task , but I am to determined prove to Admissions the commitee I that excel can with the work The at Texas University Graduate School Business of .
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.
Thanks for again the taking time to and listen talk with me .
Thanks again the for taking time to listen and with talk me .
It has been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
Been it has a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to about energy talk finance and the in future .
It been has a pleasure meeting you and I we hope can continue talk to energy and about finance the in future .
Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
, also if you can think of anything else I do can strengthen my to application overall file for year next , please let me know .
Also , if you can think of anything else can I do to strengthen overall my application file for year next , please me let know .
Take care and hope to hear from you soon.
Take care hope to hear and from you soon .
Take care to and hope hear you from soon .
Sincerely,
, sincerely
, sincerely
Ben Rogers
Rogers ben
Rogers ben
Professor Titman:
Titman professor :
Professor : Titman
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program.
I would like to for thank you the time taking to recommend to me the MBA Program .
Like I would to thank you for taking time the to recommend me to the MBA Program .
In the end, the results were not favorable.
In the , end the were results favorable not .
In the , the end results were favorable not .
I understand that it is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extrcurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability.
I understand that it a is competitive process , I but felt that with my work experiences recommendations , extrcurricular activities , , etc . , that this help would chances my possibly and compensate my disability .
I understand that it competitive is process a but , I felt that with work my experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , . etc , that would this help my chances and possibly compensate my . disability
After talking with you and Professors Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance.
Talking after with you and Professors Ronn , Brown Jemison and I , was that sure was UT the place right to continue learning about - energy . finance
After talking with you and Professors , Ronn Brown Jemison and , was I sure that UT the right was place to continue learning energy about - finance .
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year.
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - , level education so I want you to know I that am going to do what it ever takes to get in next year .
I am still that sure UT is the for an place getting excellent graduate - level education , so I want to you know that am I going to what do it ever takes get to in year next .
I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level.
I plan on taking couple a level of graduate finance courses at the University Houston of this and Summer Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that compete can I at this level .
Plan I on couple taking a of graduate level finance courses the at University of Houston this Summer and Fall to to demonstrate the Admissions that office I can at this compete level .
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.
I also plan on trying retake to the GMAT test .
I also plan to on trying retake GMAT the test .
Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business.
Due to disability my , will this be monumental a task , but am determined I prove to the to committment that Admissions I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School Business of .
My due to disability , will this be monumental a task , but I am determined prove to the to Admissions that committment can I do work the at Texas The University Graduate School of Business .
Also, I would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an Energy-Finance Private Equity Fund at UT.
Also , I would to like continue our regarding dialague an creating Energy - Private Finance Equity Fund UT . at
, also I would like to our continue dialague regarding an Energy creating - Equity Finance Private Fund at UT .
I know that with my industry-wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund.
Know I that my with industry - wide investment and banking that contacts can I help raise capital for fund the .
Know I that with industry my - wide and banking investment contacts that can I help raise for capital fund the .
I am very interested in energy-finance and think that your idea is a very good.
I very interested am in energy - finance and think that idea your is a very good .
I very am in interested energy finance - think and that your idea is very a good .
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.
Thanks again taking for the time listen to and talk me with .
Thanks again for taking the time listen and to with talk me .
It has been a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
It has been a pleasure to with meet and you I hope can we continue about to energy talk and finance the in future .
Has it been pleasure meet a to you and with hope I we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .
Also, if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
Also , you if of think anything else can I strengthen do to my overall application file for next year please , me let know .
, also you if think of anything else I can do strengthen to my overall file application for next year , let please me know .
Take care and hope to hear from you soon.
Care take and to hope from hear you soon .
Take care hope and to hear soon from you .
Sincerely,
, sincerely
, sincerely
Ben Rogers
Rogers ben
Rogers ben
Let me know if you have any questions.
Me let know if you any have questions .
Me let know if you any have questions .
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Ben
Ben
Ben
Sorry about that, I was working on the Teco O&M costs.
Sorry about that , was working I on the O Teco M & costs .
About sorry that , was I working on O the Teco & M costs .
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Ben
Ben
Ben
Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option.
Please me an send excel spreadsheet depicts which that the value you see associated with the rate heat spread option .
Please me send an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value see that you associated with the heat spread option . rate
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked.
Want to I make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this would value booked be .
Want to I make sure that understand I exactly you how propose the valuing transaction and how this value would booked be .
As such, please provide the following detail:
As such please , provide the detail following :
As such , please the provide following : detail
Will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options?
Will we be valuing / booking series a of monthly options call a or series of daily call ? options
Be will we valuing / booking a series of monthly call or options a series of daily options call ?
What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or West Hub?
Power what curve are we valuing deal the against - PJM West East or Hub ?
What power curve we are valuing the against deal PJM - or East West Hub ?
Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh to value the deal?
Send me please the current fuel curve that are you converting to $ / MWh to the value deal ?
Send please the me current fuel curve you that are converting to $ to / MWh value deal the ?
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two (if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols)?
Volatilities what are using you to value the options - monthly or volatilities intra - volatilities day a or of blend the two if ( blending please show me what you formula to blend using the two vols ) ?
What volatilities you using are to the options value - monthly volatilities or intra - volatilities day or blend a the of two ( if please blending show me what formula using you to blend two the vols ) ?
What expiration date are you using, i.e.: for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month, and for daily options?
What expiration date are you using i , e . . : monthly for call options the of the 15th month relevant and , for options daily ?
Expiration are what date using you , . i e . : monthly for call options the 15th of the relevant month , for and daily ? options
What correlation are you assuming, 15% flat for twenty years?
What correlation are assuming you , 15 flat % for years twenty ?
What correlation you are , assuming 15 % flat twenty for years ?
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option?
Are you all deducting operating from expenses the of value the option ?
Are you deducting all expenses operating from the value option of the ?
Are you using the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function to value the option?
Are you the using " SPRDOPT " Options Exotic to function the value option ?
You using are the " SPRDOPT " Exotic Options function to value the option ?
Are you using the $/MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike?
Are you using $ the / MWh VOM amount dollar as your strike ?
Are you using the $ / VOM MWh dollar amount your as strike ?
Has Don provided the fixed payment stream?
Has Don provided the fixed payment stream ?
Has Don provided fixed the stream payment ?
This stream should be covering both P&I and not just principal.
This should stream be covering both P & and I just not . principal
This be stream should covering P both & and I not just principal .
Yvan, and Ben, please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding.
, yvan and Ben , please provide answers these to question via correspondence written that their so is limited probability misunderstanding of .
, yvan and Ben please , provide answers to these written question via so correspondence their that is limited probability of misunderstanding .
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far.
Thank you both very for your much time help and thus far .
You thank both very for much your and time help thus far .
Furthermore, I would like to reiterate that RAC's goal, prior to quoting any credit reserve, is to be 100% confident that: (i) the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups; and (ii) the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches.
, furthermore I would to like reiterate that RAC ' s goal prior , to quoting any credit reserve , is to 100 be % confident that : ( i ) the methodology that is being is employed the consistent among internal groups ; and ( ii ) inherent the value of the price risk management contracts matches .
, furthermore I would like reiterate to that ' RAC s goal prior , quoting to any credit reserve , is to 100 be % confident that : ( i ) the methodology is that being employed is consistent among the internal groups ; and ii ( ) the value inherent of the price management risk contracts matches .
This enables RAC to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately.
Enables this to RAC manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively appropriately and .
This enables RAC to manage associated the during risk the life of the transaction both and effectively appropriately .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Christopher
Christopher
Christopher
Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.
, randy this the is issue I left the you mail voice on .
Randy , is this the issue left I you the voice mail on .
Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's system.
Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Agreement Services ( which I sending am to you separately ) with ECS ECS obligates to " work in good with faith CDEC " to establish an system automated that would automatically have us alerted to peak loading conditions CDEC on ' system s .
Article of 6 the Gallup Services Compression Agreement ( which I sending am to separately ) you with ECS obligates ECS to " work in good with faith CDEC " establish to an automated system that automatically would have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC ' s system .
We had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to "assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual system.
We had a pretty idea good when we signed contract the that ECS would not able to be complete that by the contract date start , so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to " assist [ Transwestern ] in developing system a manual to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [ Transwestern ] whole for all cost and expenses associated " with the manual system .
We had pretty a idea good when we signed the contract ECS would that not be to able complete that by the contract start date , we so a negotiated fall back under plan which ECS is obligated to " assist [ Transwestern ] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same and result will harmless hold and keep [ Transwestern ] whole for all cost and expenses " associated with the manual system .
We will fight with them about who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost.
Fight we them will with about who the owes $ 200k that mentions James based on below their failure to " assist " us in managing the cost .
We fight will them with about who owes the $ 200k that James mentions based below on to their failure " assist us " managing the in cost .
In the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs.
In the mean time , need we to make sure that are we doing we can everything to handle get a on the situation to mitigate future costs .
The in mean time , need we to make sure that we doing are everything can we to a get handle on the situation to mitigate costs future .
Do we have someone who is watching this out there?
Have do we someone who is this watching out there ?
Do we have someone who watching is out this ? there
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.
We are running full so tilt on that TW may we not have as much flexibiltiy manage to this as we situation expected but , me know let what we can do .
We running are full so tilt on TW that we may not as have much flexibiltiy to this as manage situation we expected , but let me what know we do . can
James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC.
Had james heard that hold one up was the absence of a agreement confidentiality - - guess I between ECS and Transwestern - - that permit would ECS to communicate the to us on details access how to teh key info . from CDEC .
James had heard that one up hold was the absence of confidentiality a agreement - - I guess between ECS and Transwestern - - that would ECS permit to communicate us to the on details how to access teh key . info from CDEC .
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution.
Sounds that like a BS excuse from ECS , it but that ' s what they saying are , let know we me and can out figure a solution .
That sounds like a excuse BS from ECS , but it that ' s what they saying are , me let know we and can figure out solution a .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
DF
DF
DF
James Centilli
Centilli james
Centilli james
12/14/2000 02:49 PM
/ 12 14 / 2000 02 : PM 49
/ 12 14 / 02 2000 : 49 PM
Would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression Service Contract in respect to the Load Control Management.
Would you Gerald please Nemec contact and review the Compression Gallup Service Contract respect in to the Load Control . Management
Would you please contact Nemec Gerald and review the Gallup Compression Service Contract in respect Load to the Control . Management
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC's peak load periods.
Understanding my was that ECS was to provide a to means CDEC access ' online s profile order in for us to make a to decision avoid running the during compressor ' CDEC s peak load periods .
My understanding was ECS was that to provide a means to CDEC access s online ' profile in order for us to make a to decision avoid the running compressor during CDEC ' s peak load . periods
We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of July through September.
We have not received access this to information which resulted has so far additional electric in cost of $ 200 , 987 . 33 the for period of July through September .
Have we not received access to this information has which resulted so far in additional cost of electric 200 $ , 987 . 33 the for period of July September through .
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year, that I have not been able to review yet.
Cost additional will be incurred the for remainder this of year , that I not have been to able yet review .
Additional cost be will incurred for the remainder this of year , I that have not been to able review yet .
This cost is averaging $79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September.
Cost this is averaging 79 $ , 000 per month if we continue to run compressor the as we have August in September and .
Is this averaging cost $ 79 000 , per month if we continue to run the as compressor have we in August and . September
Good point, but I'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points.
Point good , but I ' comfortable m we ' re covered because bidders our were all bidding a chunk of on capacity and primary points .
Point good , I but ' m comfortable we ' covered because re our were bidders all bidding on a chunk capacity of and primary points .
They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights (its in the tariff) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates, they could have done so.
Are they deemed be to on notice that they alternate point had rights ( its in the tariff and ) if they wanted to submit a bid that a had rate different for primaries alternates and , they could have done so .
Are they deemed to on notice be that they had alternate point rights ( its in the tariff and they ) if wanted to submit a that bid had a rate different for primaries and alternates , they could have done so .
None of them did, and most importantly, the winning bidders did not.
None of them did and , importantly most , the winning bidders did not .
Them none of did , and importantly most , the winning bidders not did .
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates.
Letter our simply agreement memorializes that we will the charge same negotiated rate the whether on gas flows primaries or alternates .
Letter our agreement simply memorializes that we will same charge negotiated the rate the whether gas flows on or primaries alternates .
I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down?
Assume I from your you message are OK with this and can get they it down nailed ?
I assume from your message you are OK with this and can get they it down nailed ?
DF
DF
DF
I just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to.
Got I just done looking the at underlying contract language set as forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it says specifically that the rate max apply would unless a discount or negotiated rate been has agreed to .
I got just done looking at the underlying language contract as forth set in pro forma the service agreement in the tariff and specifically it says that the max rate would apply unless discount a or negotiated rate has been agreed . to
My concern with adding the language below is, could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point, since we just stated Topack and Needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate??
My concern with adding the language below is could , it be argued not that everyone knew the rate would could or apply at any point since , we just Topack stated Needles and and if knew they they might bid have different a ? rate ?
My concern with adding the language below could is , it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point , since just we stated Topack and and Needles if they they knew might have a bid different rate ? ?
Susan Scott
Scott susan
Scott susan
01/11/2001 02:42 PM
/ 01 / 11 2001 02 : 42 PM
01 / / 11 02 2001 : 42 PM
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we've done.
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that redlined that added language be the to Dynegy attached agreement to and 4 the negotiated other rate agreements we ve ' done .
After with discussions the commercial I group propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy and agreement to 4 the other negotiated agreements rate we done ' ve .
If there are any objections you need to get back to me ASAP.
If there objections are any you to need get to back me ASAP .
If there are any you objections need to back get to me ASAP .
pls print.
print pls .
pls . print
df
df
df
In discussion with Dave, we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers.
In with discussion , Dave we thought would it be good this to put together in a of format questions and answers .
Discussion in with Dave , thought we would it be good this to put together in a format of questions answers and .
However, as you will see, the questions I thought of got kinda long- but I think we need answers for all of them.
, however you as will see , the I questions thought got of long kinda - I but think we need answers all for of . them
However , you as will see , the I thought questions got of long kinda - but I we think answers need for of all them .
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I've listed.
Is one thought have to just agenda the as a topics and couple then lead in with the first questions two I as ' ve listed .
Thought one is to have just the as agenda a topics couple and lead then with in first the questions two as ' I ve listed .
Please provide me your thoughts asap.
Please provide me your thoughts asap .
Please me provide thoughts your asap .
MK
MK
MK
whasssup?
? whasssup
? whasssup
Here it is.
Here is it .
Here is it .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
DF
DF
DF
Here is the attachment...
Is here attachment the . . .
Is here the . attachment . .
Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing.
My attached is draft of a request for . rehearing
Attached is draft my of for a request rehearing .
It incorporates Mr. Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial comments.
Incorporates it Mr . Stojic ' and s . Mr Kelly ' s comments initial .
It incorporates . Mr ' Stojic s and Mr . Kelly s initial ' comments .
Please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon (I will be out of the office Monday).
Please review it and let me know if have you on any or comments Tuesday before ( afternoon I will be of out office the Monday ) .
Please review and it let me you know if have any comments on before or Tuesday afternoon ( I be will out the of office Monday ) .
Thank you!
You thank !
You thank !
OK.
. OK
. OK
DF
DF
DF
DENISE LAGESSE
LAGESSE DENISE
LAGESSE DENISE
01/12/2001 10:34 AM
01 / / 12 2001 : 10 34 AM
01 / / 12 2001 10 : AM 34
Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc: to me.
Approve please Susan ' attached s expense report and forward to with accounting cc a : to . me
Approve please Susan ' attached s expense report and forward to accounting with a cc : to . me
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
Forgot to cc you.
To forgot cc you .
Forgot to cc . you
df
df
df
Drew Fossum
Fossum drew
Fossum drew
01/12/2001 04:37 PM
/ 01 12 / 2001 04 : PM 37
01 / 12 / 2001 04 : 37 PM
OK.
. OK
. OK
DF
DF
DF
DENISE LAGESSE
LAGESSE DENISE
LAGESSE DENISE
01/12/2001 10:34 AM
/ 01 12 / 10 2001 : 34 AM
/ 01 12 / 10 2001 : 34 AM
Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc: to me.
Please approve Susan ' s attached report expense and to forward accounting a cc with : me to .
Please approve Susan ' s expense attached report and forward to with accounting a cc : me to .
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?
Lou , do we have any of sort policy on requests this like ?
, lou do we have any sort of on policy like requests ? this
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).
Lee made Huber the request same year and we last gave her the chair ( only she wanted one , however ) .
Huber lee the made request same last and we year gave the her chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .
Norma, any thoughts?
Norma , thoughts any ?
Norma , thoughts any ?
DENISE LAGESSE
LAGESSE DENISE
LAGESSE DENISE
01/12/2001 01:14 PM
01 / 12 / 01 : 2001 14 PM
/ 01 / 12 2001 01 : 14 PM
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.
Susan Scott would like authorization to an order Aeron chair for offices each of her - on 47 and 41 .
Scott susan would like to authorization order Aeron chair an for each of her offices - on and 47 . 41
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
This particular chair designed is to help with back , problems which she has .
Particular this chair is to designed with back help problems , which she has .
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.
People many at Enron already have this of type chair , but rarely we , if ever , a have they surplus are because popular so .
Many people at Enron have already this of type , chair but we , if rarely ever , have surplus because a they are so . popular
The cost is $567.77 per chair plus tax.
The cost $ is 567 . 77 chair per tax plus .
The is cost $ 567 . per chair 77 plus tax .
Please approve the purchase of two.
Please the purchase approve of two .
Approve please the purchase of . two
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
sorry, i left lou off of the message.
, sorry i left off lou the of message .
, sorry i lou left off the of message .
Drew Fossum
Fossum drew
Fossum drew
01/13/2001 09:45 AM
01 / 13 / 09 2001 : AM 45
01 / 13 / 2001 45 09 : AM
Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?
, lou do we have sort any of policy on requests like this ?
, lou do we have any sort of on policy requests like this ?
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).
Lee Huber made the request same last year we and her gave the chair ( she wanted one only , ) however .
Huber made lee same the request last year and we her gave ( the chair she only wanted one , however ) .
Norma, any thoughts?
Norma , any ? thoughts
Norma , thoughts any ?
DENISE LAGESSE
LAGESSE DENISE
LAGESSE DENISE
01/12/2001 01:14 PM
01 12 / / 2001 : 01 14 PM
01 12 / / 01 2001 : 14 PM
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an chair Aeron for each of offices her on - and 47 41 .
Scott susan would authorization like order to Aeron an chair for each of her offices - on and 47 . 41
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
This particular chair is designed to help back , with problems she which has .
Particular this chair designed is help to with back problems which , she has .
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.
At many people Enron have already type this of chair but , we rarely , if ever , have surplus a because they so are . popular
At many people Enron already this have of type chair , but rarely , we if ever , have a surplus because they so popular are .
The cost is $567.77 per chair plus tax.
The cost is $ 567 77 . per chair plus tax .
The cost is $ 567 . per 77 chair plus tax .
Please approve the purchase of two.
Approve please the of purchase two .
Approve please purchase the of two .
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM's spies intercepted.
Believe I you got copy a of John the to Sommer producers letter dated Jan 6 that MKM ' s spies intercepted .
I you believe a got of copy the John Sommer letter to producers dated 6 Jan MKM that ' spies s intercepted .
She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him.
She forwarded the letter Sommer to Stan and discussed it with him .
She forwarded the letter Sommer to Stan discussed it and with him .
Dari and I vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer's duplicity, but after tempers cooled, MKM and I decided not to send it to Stan or urge him to send a written response.
And dari vented our I by aggravation drafting the attached to letter Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer ' s duplicity , but after tempers cooled , MKM and I not decided send to it Stan to or him to urge send a written response .
And I dari vented aggravation by our drafting attached the letter to Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer ' s duplicity , but after cooled tempers , MKM and I decided not send to it to Stan urge or him to send response a written .
As it stands, MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers.
As , it stands MKM and will I probably bring it with Sommer up in City OK strongly and suggest importance the of coordinated communication to the producers .
As , it stands MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer OK in strongly City and suggest the importance of coordinated to communication the producers .
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation.
May bring stan also the letter up orally time next he ' s on the with phonne or Kyle Gibson as an example of how not handle this to situation .
Stan may bring also the letter up orally next time he ' s on with phonne the or as Gibson Kyle example an how of not to handle this situation .
Yea--it was outstanding news!
Yea - - outstanding it was news !
- yea - it was news outstanding !
What a hoss.
A what hoss .
What hoss a .
Can't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip.
' can t catch you this but time keep 14721 me posted on your next trip .
Can ' t catch you this but time keep me 14721 posted on next your . trip
DF
DF
DF
Evan --
- evan -
- evan -
Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market?
Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a market new ?
Responsible who is for completing paperwork all for entering a new market ?
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC?
Is it someone on team your someone or from ? CEC
It is someone on your or team from someone CEC ?
There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point.
Have there been issues some coordinated with getting everything lately I and wanted to make sure that knew we who was on point .
Have there been some issues getting with coordinated everything lately and I wanted make to sure we knew that was who on point .
Jim
Jim
Jim
Am I scheduled to attend?
I am scheduled to attend ?
Am I to scheduled attend ?
Jim
Jim
Jim
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday, September 12, at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DC.
The next meeting the CAEM of of Board will Directors held be Wednesday on , September 12 , at the Hyatt Hotel Grand in Washington , DC .
Meeting the next the of CAEM Board Directors of will held be Wednesday on , 12 September , at Grand the Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .
The meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum.
The meeting being is held in the conjunction with third of meeting DISCO our of the Future Forum .
Meeting the is being in held conjunction the third with meeting of DISCO our of the Future Forum .
(Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum.)
( Please visit our newly updated website www . caem . for org more information on DISCO the Forum . )
Visit ( Please newly our updated website www . . caem org for information more on the DISCO . Forum )
Following the Board meeting on Wednesday, you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner, including a guest speaker.
The following Board meeting on , Wednesday you are invited to join with of members the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening and reception dinner , including a speaker guest .
The following Board meeting on , Wednesday you invited are join to members with the of DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , including a speaker guest .
Board members are also invited to join in the substantive session of the DISCO Forum on Thursday, September 13.
Members board are also invited to join in the substantive session the of DISCO Forum on Thursday , September 13 .
Board members are also to invited in substantive join the session the of DISCO Forum on Thursday , September . 13
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings, the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked.
Because of an medical international convention in ongoing Washington the same at time as our meetings the , Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .
Of because an international medical ongoing convention Washington in at same the as time our , meetings Grand the Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .
However, we have reserved a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotel.
, however we reserved have block a of rooms at the Wyndham nearby Hotel .
However have , we reserved a block of rooms at nearby the Hotel Wyndham .
To reserve one of these rooms, you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group.
To reserve one of rooms these , you must inform Wyndham the staff that you are of part CAEM the group .
Reserve to one of these rooms , must you inform the staff Wyndham that you part are of group the CAEM .
If you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel, please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels.
You if should decide to lodging arrange at different a hotel , do please quickly so as there limited is availability all in surrounding hotels .
You if decide should to lodging arrange at a hotel different , please do so as quickly there is availability limited all in surrounding hotels .
We will be making the Wyndham rooms available to members of the DISCO Forum on July 20.
We will be making the Wyndham rooms members available to of the Forum on DISCO July . 20
Will we be the making Wyndham rooms to members available of the DISCO Forum on 20 July .
If you have any questions or require any assistance at all, please contact Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710.
If have you any questions or require any assistance at all , contact please Duncan Hope at 202 . 739 . or 0134 Jeff Mangold at 703 729 . . 2710 .
If you have any questions or any at require assistance all , please Hope contact at Duncan 202 . . 739 0134 Mangold or Jeff 703 at . 729 . 2710 .
We are looking forward to seeing you on September 12.
Are we looking forward to you seeing on September . 12
Are we looking to forward seeing you on 12 September .
Hotel Information:
Hotel : Information
Hotel : Information
Grand Hyatt Hotel 1000 H Street NW Washington DC 20001 Phone: 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 Fax: 202.637.4781 Website: http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
Grand Hyatt Hotel 1000 H Street NW Washington DC Phone 20001 : 202 582 . . 1234 or 1 . . 800 . 233 1234 Fax : 202 . . 637 4781 Website : http : / / washington . . hyatt com / / wasgh index html .
Grand Hyatt 1000 Hotel H NW Street Phone Washington DC 20001 : 202 . . 582 1234 or 1 . 800 . 233 . Fax 1234 : 202 . . 637 4781 Website : http : / / washington hyatt . com . / wasgh / index . html
Wyndham Washington DC 1400 M Street NW Washington, DC 20005 Phone: 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 Fax: 202.785.0786 Website: http://www.wyndham.com/Washington_DC/default.cfm
Wyndham Washington 1400 DC M Street Washington NW , DC 20005 Phone : 202 429 . . or 1700 1 877 . 999 . . 3223 Fax : 202 785 . 0786 . Website : : http / / www . wyndham . com / / Washington_DC default . cfm
Washington wyndham DC 1400 M Street Washington NW , 20005 Phone DC : 202 . . 429 1700 1 or 877 . . . 999 3223 Fax : 202 . . 785 0786 Website : http : / / www . wyndham . / com Washington_DC / default . cfm
correct.
. correct
. correct
Is this correct?
This is correct ?
This is correct ?
If so, I will handle it.
So if I , will handle it .
If so , I will handle it .
Thanks Jim.
Jim thanks .
Jim thanks .
Lora Sullivan@ENRON
Sullivan lora @ ENRON
Lora Sullivan ENRON @
07/19/2001 03:31 PM
/ 07 19 / 2001 : 03 31 PM
07 / / 2001 19 03 : 31 PM
Dear Linda,
Dear , Linda
Linda dear ,
We are receiving invoices from Ace Federal Reporters for transcripts of the recent FERC settlement conferences.
Receiving we are invoices from Ace Reporters Federal transcripts for the of recent FERC settlement conferences .
We are invoices receiving Ace from Federal Reporters transcripts for of the recent FERC settlement conferences .
Linda Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes' cost center, etc.
Robertson linda says should they be charged to Steffes Jim ' cost , center etc .
Robertson linda says they be should charged Jim to Steffes ' cost center , . etc
Do you want me to send the invoices to you?
You do me want to send invoices the to you ?
Want do you me to send invoices the to you ?
Let me know.
Let me . know
Me let know .
Many thanks.
Thanks many .
Thanks many .
Lora
Lora
Lora
Lora Sullivan Federal Government Affairs Representative Enron 1775 Eye Street, NW Suite 800 Washington, DC 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 (fax) email: lora.sullivan@enron.com
Lora Federal Sullivan Government Affairs Representative 1775 Enron Eye Street , NW Suite 800 Washington , DC 202 20006 - - 466 202 9142 - 828 - 3372 ( ) fax email : lora sullivan . @ . enron com
Lora Sullivan Government Affairs Federal Enron Representative Eye 1775 Street , NW Suite Washington 800 , DC 202 20006 466 - - 9142 202 828 - - 3372 ( fax ) email : lora sullivan . @ enron com .
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
Embedded < Picture ( Independent Device Bitmap ) >
< Embedded Picture ( Independent Device ) Bitmap >
I'm in all week.
I m ' in week all .
I ' in m all . week
Jim
Jim
Jim
Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up?
Can we visit about what went with Ursula on at the PRC meeting when catch you up ?
Can we visit about what on went with at Ursula the PRC when meeting catch you ? up
BRADLEY JR, ROBERT L,
BRADLEY , JR ROBERT L ,
BRADLEY JR , ROBERT , L
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below.
A revised version the of Evaluation form for and Associates is attached Analysts below .
Revised a version the of Evaluation form for and Associates is Analysts attached below .
Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date.
Please disregard and the destroy you received form on July 2 well , as as any blank retrieved forms from PEP the system prior that to date .
Disregard please and destroy the you form on received July 2 as , well as any blank from forms the retrieved PEP system prior to date that .
Please use the attached for Associate and Analyst evaluations.
Please use the attached Associate for Analyst and . evaluations
Use please attached the for Associate Analyst and evaluations .
All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using this form.
All for Evaluations Associates Analysts and must completed be using this form .
Evaluations all for Associates and Analysts be must completed using form this .
- BRENNER, URSULA J.doc << File: BRENNER, URSULA J.doc >>
- BRENNER , J doc URSULA . < File < : BRENNER URSULA , J . doc > >
- BRENNER , URSULA J . doc < < : File , BRENNER URSULA . J doc > >
Jean & Thane --
& jean Thane - -
& jean Thane - -
Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?
Can we a have this meeting week ( at maybe Thursday 3 : ) 30 to discuss this ?
Can have we a meeting this ( week Thursday maybe at : 30 3 ) to discuss this ?
Jim
Jim
Jim
We do need a formal plan.
Need we do a formal plan .
Do we need a formal . plan
We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions.
We have been working closely together the to identify issues as they develop and solutions propose .
We been have working closely to together identify issues the as develop they and solutions propose .
Doug has been providing us with the necessary specific market information.
Doug has providing been with the us necessary specific market information .
Has doug providing us been with the necessary specific market information .
We have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot and seeking resolution.
We been have in successful communicating that to information the commissioners new and and Ercot seeking resolution .
We have successful been in communicating that information the new to commissioners and and Ercot resolution seeking .
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the solution.
The commission is definitely more to market responsive participants are articulating that the issue , providing specific examples proposing and solution the .
Commission the is definitely more to responsive market participants that are articulating issue the , providing specific and examples proposing the solution .
Grand-standing is ignored.
Grand - is standing ignored .
Grand - standing is . ignored
Those who show up with complaints but cannot point to specifics are virtually ignored.
Who those show with complaints up but cannot point specifics to are virtually ignored .
Those show who up complaints with cannot but point to specifics are ignored virtually .
Those who show up and complain, but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls, board meetings, etc. are ignored.
Those who show up and complain but , are not participating the in working groups and the Ercot daily phone calls , board meetings etc , are . ignored .
Who those show and up complain , are not but in participating working the groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc . ignored are .
Doug and I met with the Chairman of PUCT and have had subsequent conversations.
Doug and met I the with Chairman of PUCT and have had subsequent conversations .
Doug I and met with Chairman the of PUCT and subsequent have had conversations .
Thane and I also visited with him.
Thane and I visited also with . him
And thane I also with visited him .
Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed.
Pat Wood a made phone to call Tom Noel and told him to get market the fixed Texas .
Pat Wood made a phone to call Tom and Noel him told to get the Texas market fixed .
(Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C., this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas, the repercussions could be global.)
( though Even he has bigger things to do in D . . C , this is his legacy and recognizes he that does if deregulation work not Texas in , the repercussions be could global . )
( Even he though has bigger things in to D do . C . , this his is legacy he and that if recognizes deregulation does not in work Texas , repercussions the could be global . )
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the Texas legislature) are also engaged in market developments.
Sibley chairman and Wolens Chairman ( the of legislature Texas ) are engaged also in market developments .
Sibley chairman and Chairman Wolens ( of Texas the legislature ) are engaged also market developments in .
We have been working with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised.
Have we working been with State the Affairs legislative and committee keeping them apprised .
We been have working the with State Affairs legislative committee and them keeping . apprised
There is an Electric Restructuring Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7th.
Is there an Electric Restructuring Committee scheduled September hearing for 6th or 7th .
Is there Electric an Restructuring hearing Committee scheduled September for 6th or 7th .
The forum is expected to be invited testimony only.
The expected forum is to be invited only testimony .
The forum is to expected invited testimony be only .
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot's Sam Jones and Tom Noel.
Currently those listed as invitees are PUCT and Commissioners ' Ercot Sam s Jones and Noel Tom .
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners Ercot and s Sam ' and Jones Noel Tom .
The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom.
Hearing the is on the focused pilot and have we an opportunity to some provide probing questions for Wolens direct to Sam to and Tom .
Hearing the is focused on the and pilot we have an opportunity to provide some questions probing for Wolens to direct Sam to Tom and .
Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor, there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions.
Now that is Sibley not a for candidate Lt . Governor there , is freedom open more to up and ask some difficult . questions
Sibley now that is not a candidate for Lt . Governor there , more is freedom to open up and ask difficult some questions .
Thane is in Austin on Friday, but is available by phone.
Thane is Austin in on Friday , but is phone available by .
Thane is Austin in on Friday , but available is phone by .
I will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m.
I will be a plane on Houston to 8 at : 00 a . m .
Will I be on plane a to at Houston 8 : a 00 . m .
Can we find another time that works for us to meet?
We can find another time that works us for meet to ?
We can find another that time for works us to meet ?
Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00.
Thane an is PRS in Ercot meeting Friday from 9 : until 30 3 : 00 .
Is thane in Ercot an PRS Friday meeting from 9 : 30 until : 3 . 00
I am available after Rick's Friday budget meeting...are you available then?
I am available ' after Rick s budget Friday meeting . . are . available you then ?
I available after am ' s Rick Friday budget meeting . . . you are available then ?
You are right, we do need a formal plan, Thane has started an initial draft.
Are right you , do we need formal plan a , Thane has started an initial draft .
You right are , we do need a formal plan Thane has , started an initial draft .
Thanks, Jean
, thanks Jean
Thanks Jean ,
Jean & Thane --
Jean Thane & - -
Jean & - Thane -
Walking out last night, Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets.
Walking last night out , Kevin Presto indicated there that were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and certain prices in were markets not of reflective working markets .
Walking out night last , Kevin Presto indicated games that there were being in played ERCOT the with new market rules prices and in certain markets not were reflective of markets working .
Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes.
Needs enron to this use situation to quickly get our viewpoints up PUCT into the and ERCOT on ISO what driving these is problems our and proposed fixes .
Enron needs to use situation this quickly to get viewpoints our up into the PUCT ERCOT and ISO on what driving is and these problems our proposed . fixes
If ERCOT goes the way of California - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood.
If ERCOT goes the way of California - due either market to power poor market or design - rules will it be day a bad for deregulation and for Wood Pat .
If ERCOT the goes way California of - either to due market power or poor market design - rules be it will a day bad for deregulation and Pat Wood for .
As important, the new PUCT Commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market.
As important , the PUCT new Commissioners some need help now in right messaging market the .
As important , the PUCT new Commissioners need help some now right messaging in market the .
Let's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference.
' let s get them support to constructive solutions will that a make real difference .
' let s get them to solutions support that constructive will make a real difference .
Jean and Thane, I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation.
Jean and Thane , I think that need we FORMAL PLAN a on to what do the next over 3 - 6 months leverage to situation this .
And jean Thane , think I that we a need PLAN FORMAL what on do to over the 3 next - 6 months leverage to this situation .
I would like to discuss this with you on Friday am.
I would discuss like to this with you on Friday . am
I would like to discuss this with you on am Friday .
I am free at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting.
I am free at 8am on Friday s before Rick budget ' meeting .
Am I free 8am at on Friday before ' Rick s budget . meeting
Jim
Jim
Jim
FYI.
. FYI
. FYI
You may want to discuss with Becky.
You want may to discuss with . Becky
May you want to discuss with . Becky
Jim
Jim
Jim
As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders.
An as outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and a Hunter of couple ago weeks , we begun have work an to develop electronic tool that would allow us provide to ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that be can linked to the Fundamentals site intranet used by the traders .
As an of outgrowth meeting the Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple weeks of ago , we have begun work develop to electronic an tool would allow that us provide to ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities , and possibly electric activities in , a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals site intranet used by the traders .
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information.
We envision a format that would provide a summary brief analysis the and of order , filing etc , . with a link source to the as document well for those who like would more detailed . information
Envision we a format would that provide a brief summary and analysis the of , order , filing etc with a . link the to source document as well those for would who like more detailed information .
This would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting.
This would replace the paper you copies and your people are getting currently .
This would the replace paper copies you and your getting people are currently .
Many details remain to be worked out, but we will keep you advised.
Many details remain be worked to , out but will we keep you advised .
Details many remain be to worked out , but will we keep you . advised
In the meantime, could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues?
In meantime the , could please provide you a contact on side your with we whom could technical discuss issues ?
Meantime in the , could please you a provide contact your on side with whom we could discuss issues technical ?
What do I need to do?
What I do to need do ?
Do what I to need do ?
Jim
Jim
Jim
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
Vince Kaminski J @ ECT
Vince J Kaminski ECT @
04/30/2001 02:28 PM
/ 04 30 / 2001 02 28 : PM
/ 30 04 / 2001 02 : 28 PM
I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems.
I am for forwarding attention your the resume of Peter Percell has who an extensive in modeling experience physical of flows natural in gas pipeline . systems
Am I for forwarding your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive in experience modeling physical flows of gas natural in pipeline systems .
Peter is looking currently for a job.
Peter is currently looking for a . job
Is peter looking currently for job a .
I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston.
I met week last him at meeting the of the Science Industry and Advance with society Mathematics at the University of Houston .
I met him week last the at meeting of the and Science Industry with Advance society Mathematics at the University Houston of .
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel.
Application the of developments optimization recent in theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve efficiency further of pipeline our system and reduce the consumption of fuel compressor .
Application the developments of recent in optimization theory and methods can numerical help improve Enron to further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce consumption the of fuel compressor .
Please, let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization.
, please let me know you if in interested Peter introducing to executives in your . organization
Please , let me know you if interested in Peter introducing to executives your in organization .
I shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview.
Shall I be glad to arrangements make an for interview .
I shall be to glad make an arrangements for interview .
Vince Kaminski
Kaminski vince
Kaminski vince
Peter Percell <percell@swbell.net> on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 AM
Peter Percell < percell swbell @ net . > 04 on 30 / / 2001 11 16 : : AM 58
Percell < peter percell @ . swbell net > on 04 / 30 2001 / 11 : : 16 AM 58
I enjoyed your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the SIAM Workshop last Friday.
I your enjoyed presentation , and meeting briefly you , afterwards at the Workshop SIAM Friday last .
I enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at SIAM the Workshop last Friday .
I have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products, mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry.
I have extensive as experience a technical leader in the and design development of modeling and simulation products software , mostly for the oil and pipeline gas industry .
I have experience as extensive a technical leader design the in and development modeling of and simulation software , products mostly the for oil and gas pipeline industry .
I am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills.
I looking am for a position can that utilize my development and software mathematical skills .
Am I looking for a that position utilize can software my development and mathematical skills .
Getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus.
Getting out of the confines narrow of the pipeline simulation industry would a be plus .
Of getting out narrow the confines of the simulation pipeline industry would be a plus .
Please consider whether I might fit in your group.
Please whether consider I fit might your in group .
Consider whether please I might fit in group your .
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for.
Answer your to a question that indicated I have several of skills the you . look for
Your to answer a question that I indicated have several the of skills look you for .
Also, please let me know, by email, the names and contact information of other managers within Enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group.
, please also let know me , by email , the names and contact information managers of within other Enron who might benefit having from someone with my qualifications in their group .
Also , let please me know , email by names , the and information contact of other managers Enron within who might from benefit having someone my with qualifications in their . group
Attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience.
Attached are my resume an and addendum covering academic & consulting experience .
Are attached my resume and an covering academic addendum & consulting experience .
Publications are available on request.
Publications available are on request .
Publications are available on . request
I will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email.
Will I you in call a couple of days follow to up on this email .
Will I you call in a of couple days to up follow on this email .
Thank you for your time.
Thank for you your time .
Thank you your for time .
Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive percell@swbell.net Houston, TX 77042-2016 (713) 532-3836 voice & fax
Peter 10030 Percell Doliver percell Drive @ swbell . Houston net , TX 77042 2016 - ( 713 ) - 532 voice 3836 fax &
Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive @ percell . swbell Houston net TX , 77042 - 2016 713 ( ) 532 - voice 3836 fax &
- Percell, Peter Resume Only.doc
- Percell , Only Peter Resume . doc
- Percell , Resume Peter Only doc .
- Percell, Peter A&C Exp.doc
Percell - , A Peter & C Exp doc .
Percell - , Peter & C A Exp . doc
Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well.
Sorry guess I didn ' I t read it very well .
Sorry I I guess ' didn read t it very well .
It's ok with me.
It ' ok s me with .
' it ok s with me .
Ok.
. ok
. ok
Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment.
Contact Stark Cindy to make appointment an .
Contact Cindy Stark to an make . appointment
Nasim H Khan@TRANSREDES
Nasim H @ Khan TRANSREDES
Nasim Khan H @ TRANSREDES
04/30/2001 12:42 PM
04 / 30 / 2001 12 : 42 PM
/ 04 30 2001 / 12 : 42 PM
Stan:
: stan
: stan
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year.
I be will completing my tour duty of in Bolivia September in this of year .
I will be my completing tour of in duty in Bolivia September of this . year
I am talking to a number of people regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston office.
I am to talking a number of people regarding opportunities a for new assignment back in Houston . office
I am talking to a number people of opportunities regarding for new a assignment back Houston office in .
Thought since I will be in Houston, stop by your office for few minutes.
Thought since I will be in Houston , stop by your office few for . minutes
Since thought will I be in Houston , by stop your for office few minutes .
NK
NK
NK
Stanley Horton@ENRON
Horton stanley @ ENRON
Horton stanley @ ENRON
04/30/2001 12:35 PM
04 / 30 / 12 2001 : PM 35
04 / 30 / 12 2001 : PM 35
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about?
What the is subject matter wish you to about visit ?
Is what the matter subject you wish to about visit ?
Nasim H Khan@TRANSREDES
Nasim Khan H @ TRANSREDES
H nasim Khan @ TRANSREDES
04/30/2001 09:24 AM
04 / 30 2001 / 09 : AM 24
/ 04 30 / 2001 09 : AM 24
Stan:
: stan
: stan
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible.
Will I be in on Houston May 11th would and like to with you visit in afternoon early if possible .
I will be in Houston May on 11th and would like with to visit in early you afternoon possible if .
Please let me know what time would work for you.
Please let know me what time would work for you .
Please let know me what time work for would you .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Nasim Khan
Khan nasim
Khan nasim
I figured this posting belonged to one of you.
I this figured posting belonged to of one . you
Figured this I posting belonged one to of you .
Please see the message from Danny Jones.
Please see the message from . Danny Jones
See please the message Danny from Jones .
Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM
% Danny_Jones ENRON @ eott . 04 com on / / 30 2001 01 : : 39 56 PM
Danny_Jones % ENRON @ . eott com 04 on / 30 / 2001 : 01 39 : 56 PM
Dear Mr. Horton,
Dear Mr Horton . ,
Mr dear . Horton ,
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department.
Have I recently been made aware of a desk help job analyst 0000108806 # has that become available in department your .
I recently have been made of aware a help desk job analyst 0000108806 # has that become available in your . department
I am currently employed with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild.
Am employed I currently the with aviation department ( attendant hangar ) of enron and would like to use past my knowledge and to experience my persue goals the in technology feild .
I am employed currently with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) enron of and would like use my to past knowledge experience and to persue my in the goals technology feild .
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department.
Am I asking respectfully if you could give a me recommendation referral or to ETS technology department .
Am I asking respectfully if you could give me recommendation a referral or ETS technology to department .
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
You anything could do help to my further goals would be appreciated .
Anything you do could to help further my be goals would appreciated .
Respectfully,
, respectfully
, respectfully
Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
Danny 281 Jones 443 - - 3744 smithjones ev1 @ . net
Danny Jones 443 281 - - 3744 smithjones @ ev1 net .
I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job.
Have contacted the I relevant people of your interest in the job .
I have contacted the of relevant people interest your in the job .
Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM
% Danny_Jones ENRON @ eott . com on 04 30 / / 01 2001 : 39 PM : 56
Danny_Jones ENRON % @ eott . com on 04 / 30 2001 / : 01 39 56 PM :
Dear Mr. Horton,
Dear . Mr Horton ,
Dear . Mr Horton ,
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department.
Have I recently been made of aware a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 has become available that your in department .
I have recently made been of aware a desk help analyst job # that 0000108806 become has available your in department .
I am currently employed with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild.
I am currently with aviation employed the department ( hangar attendant of ) and enron would like to my past use knowledge and to experience persue my goals in the feild technology .
I currently am with employed the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) enron of and would like to use my past knowledge experience and to persue goals my in the technology feild .
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department.
Am asking I respectfully if you could give me recommendation a referral or ETS to technology department .
Am I asking if respectfully you could me give a recommendation or referral to technology ETS . department
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
Anything could you do to help further goals my be would appreciated .
Anything you do could to help further goals would my be appreciated .
Respectfully,
, respectfully
, respectfully
Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
Jones danny 281 - 443 - smithjones 3744 ev1 @ . net
Jones danny 281 - 443 - smithjones 3744 ev1 @ . net
This is ok by me.
This ok is by me .
Is this ok by me .
Rick looks like a good candidate.
Rick looks like good a . candidate
Looks rick like a good . candidate
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Ken @ Rice ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
Ken Rice @ COMMUNICATIONS ENRON
05/01/2001 03:48 PM
05 / 01 03 / 2001 : 48 PM
/ 05 01 / 2001 03 48 : PM
Executive Committee:
Committee executive :
Committee executive :
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive Committee meeting on May 7, 2001.
We would like to pursue offer an to Rick Fehl to prior Executive the next Committee on meeting May 7 2001 , .
We like would to pursue an offer Rick to prior Fehl to next the Executive Committee meeting May on , 7 2001 .
Please forward your comments or questions as soon as possible.
Forward please comments your or as questions soon as possible .
Forward please your comments questions or soon as as possible .
You will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
You will attached the find recommendation letter and resume his .
You find the will attached recommendation letter and his resume .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Ken Rice & Kevin Hannon
Ken Rice & Hannon Kevin
Ken Rice & Hannon Kevin
This is to advise you that we have available, for your business or personal use, Stan's four (4) WNBA Comets tickets.
This is advise you to that we available have , your for business personal use or , ' Stan s ( four 4 ) WNBA Comets tickets .
This to is advise you we that available have , for your or business personal use , Stan ' four s ( ) 4 WNBA Comets tickets .
These seats are in Section 104, Row D, Seats 1-4.
Seats these are in Section 104 , Row D , 1 Seats - 4 .
These seats are in Section , 104 D Row , 1 Seats - . 4
Their schedule is listed below.
Their is schedule listed below .
Schedule their is listed below .
Please let me know if you are interested in any of these games.
Please let me know if you are interested in of any these . games
Please me let if know you are in interested any of these . games
They will be distributed on a business basis first, then personal use.
They will distributed be on business a basis , first personal then use .
Will they distributed be on a business basis , first then personal . use
Preseason Game A: Saturday, May 12 @ 7:30PM vs. Miami SOL
Game preseason A Saturday : , 12 May @ : 7 30PM vs . Miami SOL
Preseason Game A : , Saturday 12 May @ 7 30PM : vs . SOL Miami
Preseason Game B: Thursday, May 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Detroit SHOCK
Preseason Game B : Thursday May 24 , @ : 7 30PM vs . SHOCK Detroit
Game preseason B Thursday : , 24 May @ 7 30PM : vs . Detroit SHOCK
Game 1: Monday, May 28 @ 2:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS
Game 1 : Monday , May 28 @ : 2 vs 00PM . Los Angeles SPARKS
Game 1 : Monday , May 28 2 @ : vs . 00PM Los SPARKS Angeles
Game 3: Monday, June 11 @ 7:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS
3 game : Monday , June 11 7 @ : vs 00PM . Los SPARKS Angeles
3 game : Monday , June 11 @ 7 00PM : vs . Los Angeles SPARKS
Game 4: Thursday, June 14 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE
4 game : Thursday June , 14 @ : 7 30PM vs Portland . FIRE
Game 4 : Thursday June , 14 7 @ 30PM : vs . FIRE Portland
Game 5: Sunday, June 17 @ 1:00PM vs. Utah STARZZ
Game : 5 Sunday , June 17 @ 1 : vs 00PM . Utah STARZZ
Game : 5 Sunday , June @ 17 1 : vs 00PM . STARZZ Utah
Game 6: Tuesday, June 19 @ 7:30PM vs. Washington MYSTICS
6 game : Tuesday June 19 , @ 7 : 30PM vs . MYSTICS Washington
6 game : Tuesday , June 19 @ 7 : 30PM . vs Washington MYSTICS
Game 7: Saturday, June 23 @ 3:00PM vs. Sacramento MONARCHS
7 game : , June Saturday 23 @ 3 : 00PM . vs Sacramento MONARCHS
7 game : Saturday , @ June 23 3 : 00PM vs . MONARCHS Sacramento
Game 8: Monday, July 2 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE
8 game : Monday , July 2 @ 7 30PM : vs FIRE . Portland
Game 8 : Monday , July 7 2 @ : vs 30PM . FIRE Portland
Game 9: Friday, July 6 @ 7:30PM vs. Indiana FEVER
9 game : Friday July , @ 6 7 : vs 30PM . Indiana FEVER
9 game : Friday , 6 July @ 7 : vs 30PM . FEVER Indiana
Game 10: Sunday, July 8 @ 1:00PM vs. Cleveland ROCKERS
Game 10 : Sunday , 8 July @ 1 : 00PM . vs Cleveland ROCKERS
Game 10 : , July Sunday 8 1 @ : vs 00PM . Cleveland ROCKERS
Game 11: Tuesday, July 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Utah STARZZ
Game 11 : Tuesday , July @ 24 7 : 30PM vs . STARZZ Utah
game 11 : Tuesday , July 24 @ 7 30PM : vs Utah . STARZZ
Game 12: Saturday, July 28 @ 12:30PM vs. New York LIBERTY
12 game : , Saturday July 28 @ 12 30PM : vs . New LIBERTY York
Game 12 : Saturday , 28 July @ : 30PM vs 12 . New York LIBERTY
Game 13: Monday, July 30 @ 7:30PM vs. Seattle STORM
13 game Monday : , July 30 @ 7 30PM : vs Seattle . STORM
13 game : Monday , 30 July 7 @ : 30PM vs Seattle . STORM
Game 14: Friday, August 3 @ 7:30PM vs. Orlando MIRACLE
Game : 14 Friday , August 3 7 @ 30PM vs : . Orlando MIRACLE
Game : 14 , Friday 3 August @ 7 : 30PM vs . MIRACLE Orlando
Game 15: Monday, August 6 @ 7:00PM vs. Phoenix MERCURY
15 game : , Monday August 6 @ 7 00PM vs : . Phoenix MERCURY
Game 15 : Monday August , 6 @ 7 vs : 00PM Phoenix . MERCURY
Game 16: Monday, August 13 @ 7:30PM vs. Minnesota LYNX
Game : 16 Monday August , @ 13 7 : 30PM . vs Minnesota LYNX
16 game : Monday , @ August 13 : 7 30PM vs . Minnesota LYNX
Please note that date and time are subject to change; please check local listings.
Please note that date and time are subject to change please ; check listings local .
Please note that date and are time to subject ; change please local check listings .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Cindy 713/853-6197
713 cindy / 853 - 6197
Cindy 713 / 853 6197 -
Mailing them to the house iis fine.
Mailing them to the house iis fine .
Mailing to them the iis house fine .
It will give us some weekend reading!
It will some give us weekend reading !
It give will us some reading weekend !
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Stephen.Dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 PM
Stephen . @ Dyer bakerbotts . on com 05 / 01 2001 / : 08 50 : PM 01
Stephen Dyer . @ bakerbotts com . 05 on / 01 / 08 2001 : 50 01 : PM
Almost done with your drafts.
Almost done your with drafts .
Almost done with your . drafts
Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam's first drafts than I had thought (there's a lot going on here, as you'll see soon).
Took me a longer little to review Adam and revise ' s first drafts than thought I had ( ' there s lot going a on here , you as ' ll soon see ) .
Me took a little longer review and to revise Adam ' s drafts than first I had ( thought there s ' a lot going on here , as you ' ll see ) soon .
I expect to send them out to you sometime tomorrow.
I expect to send out them you to sometime . tomorrow
I expect to send out them to tomorrow you sometime .
Since Debbie is a client too, I think I'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise.
Since debbie is a too , client I think ' I ll just mail them to home your unless you prefer otherwise .
Since Debbie a is client too I think , I ll ' just mail them to your unless home you otherwise prefer .
SD
SD
SD
Good news.
News good .
News good .
Congratulations and good luck.
And congratulations good luck .
Congratulations good and luck .
Hello, Bill!
, hello Bill !
, hello Bill !
Stan will attend in person.
Stan attend will in person .
Stan will attend person in .
Cindy
Cindy
Cindy
Billy Dorsey@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Billy @ Dorsey ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Billy Dorsey ENRON_DEVELOPMENT @
05/02/2001 12:03 PM
05 / 02 / 12 2001 : PM 03
/ 05 02 / 2001 : 12 03 PM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Executive Committee Meeting Weekly
Executive Committee Meeting Weekly
Date: Monday, May 7th
: date Monday , May 7th
Date : Monday , 7th May
Time: 11:00 a.m. (CDT)
: 11 time : 00 a . m . CDT ( )
: time 11 : a 00 . m . ( ) CDT
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
: location 50th Floor Boardroom
Location : 50th Boardroom Floor
Video: Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
: video Connections be will established with remote locations request upon .
Video : Connections will be established locations with remote upon . request
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.
: conf call AT & T lines have reserved been .
Conf : AT call & T lines have been . reserved
Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
Please contact Sherri Sera ( 713 / 853 - 5984 ) or Dorsey Bill 713 ( / 646 - ) 6505 the for dial weekly in - and number passcode .
Sherri please Sera contact ( / 853 713 - 5984 ) or Bill Dorsey ( / 713 646 - 6505 for ) the weekly dial in - number passcode and .
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Below please indicate whether or not you to plan attend this and through meeting what medium .
Indicate please below whether or you not plan attend this to and meeting through what medium .
Yes, I will attend in person _______
Yes , I will attend _______ in person
Yes , I attend will person in _______
By video conference from _______
By conference video from _______
By video conference _______ from
By conference call _______
Conference by call _______
By conference _______ call
No, I will not attend _______
No , will I attend not _______
, no I will attend not _______
***
***
***
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 4th
Return this please - e to me mail with your by response 12 : 00 p . m . , Friday May , 4th
Return please this e - mail to me with your 12 response by 00 p : . m . , Friday , May 4th
Thank you,
You thank ,
You thank ,
Bill Dorsey.
Bill . Dorsey
Dorsey bill .
Thank you for the invitation.
Thank you for invitation the .
Thank you for the . invitation
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments.
And unfortunately Debbie I not will be able to attend to due previous committments .
Unfortunately Debbie and not I will be to able due attend to previous committments .
Tana,
, tana
, tana
Please review the process below:
Please the review process below :
Please the review process below :
With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
With divisions , EOL does request a new Application for Password the reflecting applicant the as name noted you . below
With divisions , EOL request a does new Password Application for the applicant reflecting name the you as noted below .
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID.
The when company is up set in the EOL database we link the to company the Parent and reference the CP . ID
When the company is set the up in EOL database link we company the to the and Parent the reference CP ID .
Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
Sam , confirm please , Global also provides Counterparty the links establish to the correlation parent between and child for our downstream systems .
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also the provides to links establish correlation the parent between and for child our downstream systems .
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.
Let me know this if the is steps appropriate that you would to like see .
Let me know if this the is steps appropriate that would you like see to .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Stephanie
Stephanie
Stephanie
Sam & Stephanie,
& sam Stephanie ,
Sam Stephanie & ,
Re: Cargill Ferrous International
Re : Cargill International Ferrous
Re : Cargill International Ferrous
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
It was my with understanding the EOL Team that all would divisions have legal the incorporated as entity part name of the .
It was my understanding the with EOL that Team all divisions have would the legal entity incorporated as part name of the .
Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".
Stephanie , my I preference is to kick Password Application their back get and them to change it something to read " like Cargill International Ferrous , a division Cargill of , Inc . " or " Cargill , Inc . acting through its Cargill Ferrous International " Division .
Stephanie , I my preference to is kick their Password Application back and get them to it change to something read like Cargill " Ferrous International a , division of Cargill , Inc . " " Cargill or Inc , . acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division " .
Samuel Schott
Schott samuel
Schott samuel
03/21/2001 01:58 PM
03 / / 21 2001 01 : PM 58
/ 21 03 / 2001 01 : 58 PM
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
Any GCP will adjustments be in highlighted red .
GCP any adjustments will be highlighted in . red
Attn. GCP_London:
. attn GCP_London :
. attn GCP_London :
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.
' there s a new EOL Counterparty listed in UK . the
' there s a new EOL listed Counterparty in UK the .
Please respond.
Respond please .
Please . respond
Best Rgds.
Rgds best .
Rgds best .
Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP
Samuel x3 - ENW_GCP 9890
X3 samuel - 9890 ENW_GCP
Please see attached.
Please attached see .
Please see . attached
Harry -
- harry
- harry
are you the right lawyer to look at this?
you are the lawyer right to at look this ?
you are right the lawyer to at look this ?
Robert B Cass
Robert Cass B
Robert Cass B
04/16/2001 04:52 PM
04 / / 2001 16 04 : 52 PM
/ 16 04 / 2001 04 : 52 PM
Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m.
Please approve the following product Datamanager type in after 11 : 00 p . m .
Approve please the following type product in Datamanager 11 after : 00 p . . m
See the steps for approval below.
See steps the for below approval .
See the steps below for approval .
US Steel Hot Rolled Plate Phy
Steel US Hot Rolled Plate Phy
Steel US Hot Rolled Plate Phy
Website Short Description of Product Type: US HR StlPlt Phy
Website Short Description of Type Product US HR : StlPlt Phy
Website Short Description Product of Type HR : US StlPlt Phy
Product Type:
Type product :
Type product :
Reference Period:
Reference : Period
Period reference :
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date (or start date) to the Termination Date (or end date).
Term the the of shall Transaction from be the Effective ( Date start date or ) to the Termination Date ( or end date ) .
Term the the of Transaction shall from be the Effective Date or ( date start ) to the Termination Date ( or end date ) .
The Effective Date (or start date) is 01 Oct 2001.
The Effective Date ( or ) start date 01 is Oct 2001 .
The Effective Date ( or start ) date is 01 Oct 2001 .
The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct 2001.
The Date Termination ( or date end ) is 31 2001 Oct .
The Date Termination ( end or date ) 31 is Oct 2001 .
Product Additional Information (example):
Additional product Information ( ) example :
Product additional Information ( example ) :
The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1" and a width of 72 inches.
The Transaction is hot for with steel rolled a thickness of 1 " and width a 72 of inches .
Transaction the is hot for rolled steel a with thickness of 1 and " a width of inches . 72
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago, Ill Metro Area.
The transaction is . F O . B Reserve Marine . Terminal in Chicago , Metro Area Ill .
The F transaction is . O . B . Marine Reserve Terminal in Chicago , Metro Area Ill .
F.O.B. refers to the following terms: Seller is responsible for freight, unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse, Buyer is responsible for storage, loading and freight after delivery.
F . O . . B refers the to terms following : is Seller for responsible freight , unloading storage and up to and delivery including in , warehouse Buyer responsible is for storage loading , and freight after delivery .
F . O . B . refers to the terms following : is Seller responsible freight for , and unloading storage up to and in including delivery warehouse , Buyer responsible is storage for , loading after and freight delivery .
The Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline (5% greater or lesser allowance at Seller's option).
The Contract Quantity shall be quantity by submitted Counterparty via ( EnronOnline 5 greater or % allowance lesser at Seller ' s option ) .
Contract the shall Quantity be quantity submitted via by Counterparty 5 EnronOnline ( % greater or lesser allowance at Seller s ' option ) .
Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period.
Calendar each the month during term of the Transaction will be Dispatch a Period .
Each month calendar the during term the of Transaction will be Dispatch a Period .
Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period.
Enron will guarantee delivery by the scheduled 20th of each Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period .
Will guarantee enron by delivery the 20th of scheduled each Dispatch Period and accept supply the to 15th of Dispatch each scheduled Period .
Payment shall be made, against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and Conditions, in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is released to Buyer.
Payment shall made be , the against receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and Conditions , in the Currency Contractual telegraphic by transfer no than later 30 calendar days after date the which on the Commodity is to released Buyer .
Payment shall be made , against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the Terms General Conditions and , in Contractual the Currency by telegraphic transfer later no 30 than calendar days the after date on which the Commodity is to Buyer released .
Currency:
: currency
: currency
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency.
The price is US quoted in Dollars per unit volume of , which be will the Contractual . Currency
The price quoted is US in unit Dollars per of volume , which be will the Contractual Currency .
Unit of Measure:
Unit Measure of :
Unit Measure of :
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons (2000 lbs) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month.
Unit the of measure against which the quoted price is shall be net ( tons 2000 ) lbs the and quantity shall shown be in net tons per month .
Unit the measure of against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( lbs 2000 and ) the shall quantity shown in be net tons per month .
STEPS FOR APPROVAL:
FOR STEPS APPROVAL :
FOR STEPS APPROVAL :
click the START button
click START the button
click the button START
select PROGRAMS
PROGRAMS select
PROGRAMS select
select TEST APPLICATIONS
select APPLICATIONS TEST
select APPLICATIONS TEST
select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)
select CLUSTER ENRONONLINE ( PROD )
select ENRONONLINE ( CLUSTER PROD )
PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD
WITH PROCEED USUAL LOGIN / PASSWORD
PROCEED USUAL WITH LOGIN / PASSWORD
click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button
click Enron the Online Production Cluster " START " button
click the Production Enron Online Cluster " START button "
select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager)
select EnronOnLine ( this is EOL the ) Datamanager
EnronOnLine select ( is this the EOL Datamanager )
PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD
WITH PROCEED EOL LOGIN / PASSWORD
PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN PASSWORD /
click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click on " the + " EnronOnLine for
On click the " + for " EnronOnLine
click on the "+" for Product Types
click on the " + for " Types Product
on click the " + " for Types Product
click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR "Partially Approved")
click the on " + " " Awaiting for Approval " ( OR Approved " Partially " )
Click on the " + " " Awaiting for Approval " ( OR Partially " Approved " )
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above
select the product requiring as review stated e in - above mail
product select the requiring review as stated in e - above mail
Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up
Right mouse " " click properties on " " to view set product - up
" right mouse " click on " " properties to view set - product up
TO APPROVE: Right mouse click on "Approved"
TO : APPROVE mouse Right on click " Approved "
APPROVE TO Right mouse : click on " Approved "
Thanks Bill - appreciate your help!
Thanks Bill appreciate - your ! help
Bill thanks - appreciate your ! help
Bill D Hare
D bill Hare
D bill Hare
04/16/2001 05:51 PM
04 / / 2001 16 05 : 51 PM
/ 04 16 / 2001 05 : PM 51
We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include, "a division of Cargill Incorporated".
Informed we Tana that made we the change in Global Counterparty to include , " a division of Cargill Incorporated " .
We Tana informed that we made the in change Counterparty Global include to , a " division of Incorporated Cargill " .
We will meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in Global Counterparty.
We will meet in near the future to the discuss issues division surrounding and trade name setups in Counterparty Global .
We will meet in future the near discuss to issues the division surrounding and trade name setups Global in Counterparty .
Bill
Bill
Bill
Bill -
- bill
- bill
If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me like something needs to be changed.
If Sam ' s description of below the GCP is procedure , correct looks it to like me something needs to be changed .
Sam if ' description s of below the procedure GCP is correct , it looks me to something like needs to be . changed
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty.
The lies in difficulty the the that fact confirmation system reads the counterparty ' s name from Counterparty Global .
The difficulty lies in the that fact confirmation the reads system counterparty the ' s name from Global Counterparty .
Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names.
Divisions since companies are of not legal entities they do have the not power to contract their in own names .
Divisions of since companies are not entities legal they do have not the power to in contract their names own .
If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself.
If the legal correct is name not in Global , Counterparty the goes confirmation out with the wrong legal name on seriously it the compromising contract itself .
If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty , the confirmation out with goes wrong legal the on name it seriously compromising contract the itself .
That is the source of Tana's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system.
Is that the source Tana of ' s concern regarding the correct entering divisions of in the system .
That is source the of Tana s ' the concern regarding correct entering divisions of in the system .
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed.
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application - - my understanding that is the returns EnronOnline team inappropriate Applications the to customer until they are correctly completed .
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the that same name the customer signed has on the EnronOnline Password Application - - understanding my is that the team EnronOnline inappropriate returns Applications customer to the until they are correctly completed .
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining.
In this case particular the since counterparty is still not allowed transact to on EnronOnline almost a month sending after in their they are application understandably upset are and now complaining .
In this particular case since the is counterparty still allowed not to transact on almost EnronOnline a month after sending their in application they are understandably upset and now are complaining .
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure, please let me know.
I would appreciate if you it could this get one today fixed and , if you have any problem with changing the procedure GCP , please let me know .
I would appreciate if it you could get this fixed one today and , if you have any problem changing with the procedure GCP please , me let . know
Mark
Mark
Mark
Tana Jones
Jones tana
Jones tana
04/16/2001 03:11 PM
/ 04 / 16 2001 03 : 11 PM
/ 04 16 / 2001 03 11 : PM
Samuel Schott
Schott samuel
Schott samuel
03/28/2001 01:09 PM
03 / 28 / : 2001 01 09 PM
03 28 / / 2001 01 09 : PM
FYI...
. FYI . .
. FYI . .
Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty System as a Division of Cargill, Inc.
International cargill Ferrous is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty System as Division a of Cargill , Inc .
Ferrous cargill International is in setup correctly the Counterparty Global System a as Division of Cargill , Inc .
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and setup as such in GCP with a Sub-to-Legal Link to Cargill, Inc. per GCP procedure.
Cargill International Ferrous is full the of name this division and setup as such in with GCP Sub a - to - Legal Link to Cargill , . per Inc GCP procedure .
Ferrous cargill International the is full name of this and division setup as in such GCP a with - Sub to - Legal Link to , Cargill Inc . per GCP procedure .
Also, the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) would need Legal Name Change documentation from the Counterparty in order to change this name.
Also , Global the team SAP ( Cheryl Johnson ) would need Change Legal documentation Name from the in Counterparty order to change this . name
Also the , SAP Global team ( Cheryl Johnson ) need would Name Legal documentation Change the from Counterparty in order to change this . name
Best Rgds.
Best . Rgds
Rgds best .
Samuel x3-9890 (GCP) Enron Net Works _ Global Data Management
Samuel X3 - 9890 ( GCP ) Enron Net _ Works Global Management Data
Samuel x3 9890 - ( GCP Enron ) Net Works Global _ Management Data
Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name?
Any updates adding on the legal correct name this to counterparty name ?
Any updates on adding the correct legal to name this counterparty name ?
Hello,
, hello
, hello
Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
, yes GCP the provides links to establish correlation the the between parent and for child our systems downstream .
Yes , provides GCP the to links the establish correlation between the and parent child for downstream our . systems
GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that reflect either the Tradename / Division name or Parent Name -- not both simultaneously.
GCP procedure to is create names Counterparty that reflect the either Tradename / Division name or Parent Name - - not both simultaneously .
procedure GCP to is Counterparty create that names reflect either the Tradename / name Division or Parent Name - not - both . simultaneously
(Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.)
( , Although we have broken rule that Legal for the in past . )
( , Although we broken have that for rule in Legal the past . )
This defeats the purpose of using a Tradename.
The this defeats purpose of using a Tradename .
This defeats the purpose of using a Tradename .
Best Rgds.
Best . Rgds
Best . Rgds
Samuel
Samuel
Samuel
Tana,
, tana
, tana
Please review the process below:
Please review the below process :
Please review process the below :
With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
With divisions , EOL does a request new Password for Application the reflecting applicant the as you name below noted .
With divisions , does EOL request a Application new Password for the applicant reflecting name the as noted you . below
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID.
When the company set is up in the we EOL link database the company to Parent the and reference CP the ID .
When the company set is up in the EOL we database link the company to Parent the and the reference CP ID .
Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
, sam confirm please , Global also provides Counterparty the links to correlation establish between the parent and for child our downstream . systems
, sam confirm please , Counterparty Global provides also the links to correlation between establish the and parent child for our downstream systems .
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.
Me let know if this is the appropriate that steps would you to like see .
Me let if know this the is appropriate steps that would you like to see .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Stephanie
Stephanie
Stephanie
Sam & Stephanie,
Sam Stephanie & ,
Sam & , Stephanie
Re: Cargill Ferrous International
Re : Ferrous Cargill International
Re : Cargill International Ferrous
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
It was understanding my with the Team EOL that all divisions have would the legal incorporated as entity of part name the .
Was it my understanding with the EOL Team that divisions all have the would legal incorporated entity part as of name the .
Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".
Stephanie , I preference my to is kick their Password Application back and get to them change it read to something like " Cargill Ferrous International , division a of Cargill , Inc . or " " Cargill , . Inc acting through its Cargill International Ferrous Division " .
, stephanie I preference my is to kick their Application Password get back and them to change to it read something like " Cargill Ferrous International , a division Cargill of , Inc . " or " Cargill , . Inc acting through its Ferrous Cargill International " Division .
Samuel Schott
Schott samuel
Schott samuel
03/21/2001 01:58 PM
03 / 21 / 01 2001 58 : PM
03 / 21 / 01 2001 : PM 58
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
GCP any adjustments will be highlighted in . red
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red .
Attn. GCP_London:
. attn GCP_London :
. attn GCP_London :
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.
' there s a new EOL Counterparty in listed UK the .
' there s a new EOL Counterparty listed the UK in .
Please respond.
Respond please .
Respond please .
Best Rgds.
Rgds best .
Rgds best .
Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP
Samuel x3 - ENW_GCP 9890
X3 samuel - 9890 ENW_GCP
Please see attached.
Please see . attached
See please attached .
Doc -
- doc
- doc
I'll be in town through Sunday morning.
' I ll in be town Sunday through morning .
I ' ll in be through town Sunday . morning
Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve.?
Chance any we can together get for dinner eve Saturday . ?
Chance any we can get together for dinner Saturday eve . ?
Mark
Mark
Mark
I'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning.
I ' handling m the afternoon - - I think Harry that has . this morning
I m handling ' the afternoon - - think I that Harry this has morning .
MHC
MHC
MHC
Can you cover for me today?
Can for you cover me today ?
Cover can you for me today ?
I am in mediation.
I am in . mediation
Am I in mediation .
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher, as well, just to make sure it is handled.
I left voicemail a for Butcher , Sharon as well , to just sure make it is handled .
Left I a voicemail for Butcher Sharon , well as , just make to it sure is handled .
My schedule shows an afternoon session.
Schedule my shows an session afternoon .
Schedule my shows an session afternoon .
Do we have 2 sessions today?
Do we have today 2 sessions ?
Do have we sessions 2 today ?
If so, you may want to split and cover.
If so , want you may to and split cover .
So if , you may want split to and . cover
Thanks a ton.
Thanks a . ton
Thanks ton a .
I will take you next one in August.
I take will next you one in August .
I will next take you one in August .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kriste
Kriste
Kriste
Kriste K. Sullivan Enron Corp. - Legal EB 4861 (713) 853-7557 Phone (713) 646-5847 Fax
K kriste . Sullivan Enron Corp . - EB 4861 Legal ( 713 ) 853 7557 - ( Phone ) 713 646 - Fax 5847
Kriste K . Sullivan Enron . Corp - Legal EB 4861 ( 713 853 ) - Phone 7557 713 ( 646 ) 5847 Fax -
I got this.
I this got .
I this got .
I assume this is 12:30 Central Time?
Assume I this is : 12 Central 30 Time ?
Assume this I 12 is : 30 Central Time ?
When: Wednesday, September 19, 2001 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada); Tijuana.
: when , Wednesday 19 September 2001 , 30 10 : AM - : 11 30 AM ( GMT 08 - : 00 ) Time Pacific ( US Canada & ) ; Tijuana .
Wednesday when : September , 19 , 2001 : 10 AM 30 11 - : 30 AM ( GMT - : 08 00 ) Time US Pacific ( & Canada ) ; Tijuana .
Where: Conf. Call
Where : Conf Call .
: where Conf . Call
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
10:30-11:30 PST
10 30 : - 11 : PST 30
: 10 30 - 11 30 : PST
Call-in #: 800/711-8000
Call - # in : 800 / - 8000 711
- in call # : 800 / - 711 8000
Passcode: 4153030
: passcode 4153030
: passcode 4153030
Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement.
Is here of the overview Bob Henderson ' s Employment Agreement .
Is here the overview of Bob Henderson ' s Employment Agreement .
What do you think?
Do what you think ?
What do think you ?
MHC
MHC
MHC
Michelle, please comment.
, michelle please comment .
, michelle please comment .
Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written.
Please send an me email response whether about you Michelle and Cash are OK what he with ' written s .
Send please an me email about response whether Michelle you and Cash are OK what with he ' s written .
After that, what do we do?
After that , do what do we ?
That after , what do do we ?
Brad
Brad
Brad
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench.
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov herewith I like disclose in intentions writing my in to respect . Dealbench
After a conversation Ryan I with Seleznov herewith like disclose writing in my intentions in to respect Dealbench .
Please see attached Word file
See please attached Word file
Please see Word attached file
Best regards
Regards best
Regards best
Tobias Munk
Munk tobias
Munk tobias
Please see the attached.
See please the attached .
Please the see attached .
Teresa
Teresa
Teresa
Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter (use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete).
Send please Lund David copies of our standard corporate agreement services the and standard letter assignment ( use Bridgeline example - - and with non without - compete ) .
Send please David Lund of copies our standard corporate services and agreement standard the assignment ( letter use Bridgeline example - - with and non without compete - ) .
Michelle
Michelle
Michelle
We're formatting one this week, and we'll send it when it's done.
We ' re one formatting week this , and we ' ll send it it when ' done s .
We re ' formatting one week this , and ' we send ll when it it ' done s .
Michelle
Michelle
Michelle
Thanks very much.
Thanks very . much
Very thanks much .
Do you also have a SSD we can use?
You also do have a we SSD can use ?
You do also have a we SSD use can ?
Jane
Jane
Jane
<< File: 220b - dg - Agreement for Recruiting Services.doc >> << File: 220a DG - Agreement for Contract Services.DOC >>
< File < : 220b dg - - for Recruiting Services . Agreement doc > > < < File : 220a - Agreement DG for Services Contract . DOC > >
< < File : 220b dg - - Recruiting for Services Agreement . doc > > < < File 220a : DG - Agreement Services for Contract DOC . > >
Here are the sample Agreements.
Here the are sample Agreements .
Here the are sample Agreements .
Please let us know if you need anything else.
Please us let know if need you else anything .
Let please know us if you anything need else .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Diane Goode Senior Specialist
Diane Goode Specialist Senior
Goode diane Senior Specialist
I agree also, but I don't know all the parties or complications involved.
I agree also , but don I ' t all know the parties or involved complications .
I agree also , ' but I don know t all parties the or complications involved .
Should there be a (groan) meeting on this?
There should be ( a ) groan meeting on this ?
Should there a be ( groan ) this meeting on ?
Can you please help with this one?
Can help you please with this one ?
Can you with please help this one ?
I agree with what the concern is below.
I with agree what the is concern below .
Agree I with what concern the is below .
We have GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id).
We have GIS ids , and Eid ( id - external like just GIS id ) .
Have we GIS ids , and Eid ( id just external like - GIS id ) .
I think we should try to migrate to one of these.
I think should we try to migrate to one of these .
Think I we should migrate try to to one of these .
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer.
Let please know what me type statement of I should make back to the customer .
Please let me know type of statement what I should make back to customer the .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Kathy,
, kathy
, kathy
Per my voicemail message, please review the note below.
Voicemail per my message please , review the note below .
Per my voicemail message please , review the note below .
I'd like to work with you on a response to this customer.
' I d like to work with on you a to this response customer .
I ' d to like work with you on response a to this customer .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Brandee
Brandee
Brandee
Brandee Sanborn I.S.C. Customer Care Design & Process Support http://isc.enron.com/site
Brandee sanborn I . S . . C Care Customer Design & Support http Process : / / isc . enron . com site /
Sanborn brandee I . S . C Customer . Care Process Design & Support http : / / isc . . com enron site /
<< OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>
< < Object OLE : Picture Independent ( Device Bitmap ) > >
< < OLE Object Picture : Device ( Bitmap Independent ) > >
Ngoc Luan Do@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Ngoc Luan Do ENRON_DEVELOPMENT @
Ngoc Luan @ Do ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
08/07/2001 12:36 PM
08 / 07 / 2001 : 12 PM 36
08 / 07 / 12 2001 36 : PM
To Whom It May Concern:
To Whom It May : Concern
To It Whom May Concern :
Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information.
TV through and newspapers , I hear constantly identity about fraud using social stolen security information .
TV through , and newspapers I hear constantly about fraud identity using stolen social information security .
I am very concerned about this issue.
I am very concerned this about . issue
I am very this concerned about issue .
I have the following suggestion for our company.
I have following the suggestion our for company .
Have I the following for suggestion our company .
Since Enron's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers (P number) and an HR number, could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers?
Enron since ' s are employees assigned an SAP identification numbers number ( P ) and an HR number , could Enron as use a company IDs these instead of the numbers SS ?
Enron since ' s employees are an assigned SAP identification ( numbers P number ) HR and an number , Enron could as a company use these IDs of the instead SS numbers ?
This will be safer for all employees.
This will be safer for all employees .
Will this be safer all for employees .
For example, I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number.
For example , am I concerned I when buy the monthly and bus passes I have to fill in my SS number .
For example , am I concerned when buy I the passes monthly bus I and have fill to in my SS number .
I do not feel secure at all to see my SS in so many databases at Enron, especially when some databases are from third-parties (out-sourcing).
Do not I secure feel at all to see my SS in so databases at many , when Enron especially some databases are third from - parties ( out - sourcing ) .
I do feel not secure all at to see my SS in so databases many at Enron , especially some databases when are from third - parties ( out - sourcing ) .
We could use our badge number there instead of our SS.
Could we our use badge number there instead of SS our .
We use could our badge number instead there our of SS .
Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number.
Please let me know how organization your can help the Enron employees safer feel about the their safeguard of SS number .
Please me know let how organization your can help the Enron employees feel the safer about safeguard of their number SS .
Please calendar and print for my files on this meeting.
Please calendar print and for files my on meeting this .
Calendar please and print for my on files this . meeting
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
MHC
MHC
MHC
All,
, all
, all
A reminder that the HR Associate Points Meeting will take place as below:
Reminder a the that Associate HR Points Meeting will take place as : below
Reminder a the that Associate HR Points will Meeting take place as below :
Thursday, 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm (EB46C1).
Thursday 23rd , August . 3 30 pm - . 5 pm 30 EB46C1 ( ) .
Thursday 23rd , August 3 pm . 30 - 5 30 pm . ( EB46C1 ) .
The Leads who are responsible for Associates are as follows:
The who Leads are for responsible are Associates as follows :
The Leads who responsible are Associates for are follows as :
Sunjay Arya
Arya sunjay
Arya sunjay
Gary Buck
Buck gary
Buck gary
Khymberly Booth
Booth khymberly
Booth khymberly
Ryan Seleznov
Seleznov ryan
Seleznov ryan
Mecole Brown
Brown mecole
Brown mecole
Tim O'Rourke
Tim O Rourke '
O tim ' Rourke
Tana Cashion
Cashion tana
Cashion tana
Sheila Walton
Walton sheila
Walton sheila
Wendy Fincher
Fincher wendy
Fincher wendy
Sheila Knudsen
Knudsen sheila
Knudsen sheila
Karen Phillips
Phillips karen
Phillips karen
Neil Davies
Davies neil
Davies neil
Noel Ryan
Ryan noel
Ryan noel
Cindy Skinner
Skinner cindy
Skinner cindy
Simone Scott Walker
Scott simone Walker
Scott simone Walker
Shanna Funkhouser
Funkhouser shanna
Funkhouser shanna
Peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above.
Peer reviews are currently been gathered above on . the
Peer reviews are currently gathered been on the above .
Upon receipt, I shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate.
Upon receipt , I shall forward each to of you copy of a the for reviews your respective associate .
Upon receipt I , shall to forward each of you a copy the of reviews your for respective associate .
In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation.
Addition in they will contacting be you discuss to their in participation projects their outside rotation .
In addition they will contacting be you discuss to their participation projects in outside their rotation .
Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points (a max of 150) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period.
Those not who assigned are associate an may also allocate ( points a max of 150 ) at the based meeting on your contribution to areas for the first period review .
Those are who an not assigned may associate also points allocate ( a max of 150 ) at meeting the based on contribution your to for the areas first review period .
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know.
If anyone any questions has on the above please me let know .
Anyone if has any questions on please the above let me know .
Kind regards,
Regards kind ,
Regards kind ,
Karen. x54667
Karen x54667 .
. karen x54667
Shanna, I spoke with Per tonight about this.
, shanna I with spoke Per about tonight this .
Shanna , spoke I Per with about tonight this .
Let's talk tomorrow.
Let s ' talk tomorrow .
Let ' s talk . tomorrow
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Michelle
Michelle
Michelle
This is the background to my conversation with Shanna.
This the is background to my with conversation . Shanna
Is this the to background my with conversation Shanna .
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow.
I a copy have of the I document can give you to tomorrow .
Have I a copy the of I document can give you to tomorrow .
Thanks for following up on this.
Thanks for following up on this .
For thanks following up this on .
Per
Per
Per
Per -
- per
- per
I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher.
I not did back hear from Shanna or Butcher Sharon .
I did not hear back from Shanna or Butcher Sharon .
Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow?
You could please Shanna ask take to this situation to Sharon tomorrow ?
Could you ask please Shanna to this situation take to Sharon tomorrow ?
John, Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions.
John , Per and I the discussed hostile issue environment and we are both concerned that we may some have . repercussions
, john Per and I discussed the hostile environment and issue we both are concerned that we may have repercussions some .
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur.
I am vacation until the but Per is 22nd up to I speed and would to like make that sure keep you up him with and any HR / Legal that activity may occur .
Am I until vacation the 22nd but Per is up to speed would and I like make to that sure keep you up him with and any HR Legal / activity may that occur .
Thank you
You thank
You thank
Paula
Paula
Paula
Let's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality, etc.
' let exactly s discuss what is involved here - - confidentiality , . etc
' let s discuss exactly is what involved here - - confidentiality , etc .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
MHC
MHC
MHC
Hi Ya'll,
Ya hi ' ll ,
Hi Ya ll ' ,
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request.
Wanted I to let know about you this before respond I to her request .
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request .
Let me know if you have any questions.
Let me know you if have questions any .
Let me know if any you have questions .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Sandra
Sandra
Sandra
Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on: Enron's Affirmative Action Policy and plans; as well as demographic analysis of workforce (gender, age, ethnic origin, nationality)
Kathy McMahon that suggested I you contact in to an effort gather on information : Enron ' s Affirmative Action Policy plans and ; as well as analysis demographic of workforce ( gender , age , ethnic origin nationality , )
Kathy McMahon suggested I that contact you in an effort to gather information on Enron : ' s Affirmative Action Policy and plans ; as as well demographic analysis workforce of ( gender , origin age , ethnic , ) nationality
Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School (HBS) on a 5-year case study called 'Modern Giants'.
Jeff has Skilling agreed to Harvard work with School Business ( HBS ) on a 5 - case year study called ' Giants ' Modern .
Jeff Skilling agreed has work to Harvard with Business School ( HBS ) on a 5 - year case called study ' Giants Modern ' .
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period.
HBS will shadow Enron and a of number other over companies the next five years to assess we how react to market changes and to see how morph we during this time period .
HBS shadow will and Enron a number of companies other over next the to years five assess how we react to market changes and to how see we morph during this time period .
Please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me.
Let please me know at earliest your convience you if help can me .
Please me let know at your convience if earliest can you help me .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Cindy
Cindy
Cindy
please print all these for me.
please all print these for . me
please these print all for me .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
MHC
MHC
MHC
Ryan,
, ryan
, ryan
Try this.
This try .
This try .
bob k
K bob
k bob
FYI re: NEPCO picketing issues.
Re FYI : picketing NEPCO issues .
FYI re : NEPCO picketing issues .
Michelle
Michelle
Michelle
Michelle,
, michelle
, michelle
Two in one day.
In two one day .
In two one day .
We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the Lake Worth, Florida project as well.
We understand the that fitters pipe are also planning to picket the Lake Florida Worth , project as well .
We understand that the pipe are fitters also planning to picket Lake the , Worth Florida as project well .
Our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work.
Execution our needs team to get some and guidance planning for this should picketing it interfere with the progress of the work .
Our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for picketing this should it interfere with the progress the of work .
In that respect, we need to dial in Rick Johnson and Olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team.
In respect that , we need to dial in Rick and Johnson Olgletree to plan and that plan communicate the to execution team .
That in respect , we need to dial in Rick and Johnson Olgletree plan to communicate and that plan to the team execution .
I think the first step is a call between yourself, me, Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero.
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Stubley Mark and Mike Indivero .
I think the step first is call a between yourself , me Mark , Stubley and Mike Indivero .
And then another call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite to lay out the plan.
And then another call with folks all or a meeting at jobsite to lay the the out plan .
And another then with call all folks or meeting a at the jobsite lay to out the . plan
Barbara, please organize a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and me.
Barbara , please a organize call for , Mike Michelle , Mark me Stubley and .
, barbara please organize a call for , Mike Michelle , Mark Stubley and me .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
David,
, david
, david
I have been advised by our Construction Manager, Mr. Joe Osler that while he was visiting the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site.
Have I been advised by our Construction Manager , . Mr Joe that Osler he while was visiting the City Lake of Worth Planning Building and dept Zoning regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters inquired have about permit picket requirements to our site .
I have been advised by our Construction Manager , Mr Joe . while Osler that he was the visiting City Lake of Worth Building Planning and Zoning regarding dept our permit status he learned that the have pipefitters inquired about permit requirements to picket our . site
Apparently the City informed them that no permit is required.
Apparently the City informed them no that permit is required .
The apparently City them informed that no permit required is .
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today.
Have I that heard the established pipefitters have a picket line at the Creek Payne site today .
Have I the heard that pipefitters have established a picket line at Payne the Creek today site .
We will need local legal counsel to assist us in this regard.
We need will local legal to counsel assist us in regard this .
We will need local legal counsel to assist us in regard this .
Mike Indivero, I understand that Mr. Mike Croall's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31, 2001.
Mike Indivero , I understand that Mr . Mike Croall ' s release date NEPCO from Oct is , 2001 31 .
Mike Indivero I , that understand Mr . Mike Croall s ' release date NEPCO from is Oct 31 , 2001 .
Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date.
Please advise as to who replacement his and is their date report .
Advise please as to who his replacement is and their report date .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Galen J. Torneby Project Manager National Energy Production Corporation (NEPCO) 11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell, WA 98011 USA Tel: 425-415-3052 Cell: 425-922-0475 Fax: 425-415-3098 email: <mailto:galent@nepco.com> mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
Galen . J Torneby Project National Manager Energy Production Corporation ( NEPCO ) 11831 North Creek Parkway Bothell North , WA 98011 USA : Tel - 425 415 - 3052 Cell : 425 - 922 - 0475 Fax : 425 - 415 - 3098 : email < : mailto @ galent nepco . com > mailto : galen . torneby @ nepco . com
J galen . Torneby Project Manager Energy National Production Corporation ( NEPCO ) 11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell WA , USA 98011 Tel : 425 415 - - 3052 Cell : 922 425 - - 0475 Fax : 425 - 415 - 3098 email : < mailto : galent @ . nepco com > : galen mailto . torneby @ nepco . com
Rick Hopkinson@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Hopkinson rick @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Hopkinson rick @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
09/16/99 10:07 AM
09 16 / / 99 10 07 : AM
/ 09 16 / 10 99 : 07 AM
Sara, trading is still not settled.
, sara trading is still not . settled
Sara , trading is not still . settled
Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call.
For thank you the invitaion to conference the call .
You thank for the invitaion to the conference call .
I would like both Lynn and I to participate.
I would both like and Lynn I participate to .
I would both like and Lynn I participate to .
I assume we should come over EB.
I assume we come should EB over .
Assume I we come should over EB .
Can you tell us where.
Can you tell where us .
Can you tell where us .
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Rick
Rick
Rick
,Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call.
, Do you want us to over come to the Enron your b in . call
, you us Do want to come over the to Enron b in your call .
Could
Could
Could
Sara Shackleton@ECT
Shackleton sara @ ECT
Shackleton sara @ ECT
09/16/99 08:55 AM
09 16 / 99 / 08 : 55 AM
09 / / 16 08 99 : 55 AM
Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries?
Have you decided will be who assisting tax wise - for two these countries ?
Have you decided will who be tax assisting wise - for these countries two ?
I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil.
I have a call conference afternoon this at 3 pm ( time Houston ) with Antonio Felix Araujo de Cintra from the Tozzini further firm regarding research on products for derivative trading in Brazil .
I a have conference call this afternoon at 3 pm Houston ( time ) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra the from firm Tozzini regarding research further on for products derivative trading . in Brazil
Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers.
Attached is a summary of and products the various groups Enron seeking answers .
Attached is summary a of and products the various Enron groups seeking answers .
If you would like to participate in person or by conference, please let me know.
If you like would participate to in person or by conference , me please know let .
If you like to participate would in person or by , conference please let know me .
I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24.
Be I will in Sao Paulo from 20 Sept 22 - and Buenos Aires 23 from Sept - 24 .
Be I in will Sao Paulo from Sept 20 - 22 Buenos and from Aires Sept - 23 24 .
In Brazil, I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers.
Brazil in , I will be meeting with again Tozzini . lawyers
Brazil in , I be will again meeting with Tozzini lawyers .
In BA, I'll be meeting with Marval lawyers.
BA in , ' I ll be meeting with lawyers Marval .
In BA , I ' be ll with meeting lawyers Marval .
Let me know if you would like to participate in any way.
Let me if know you would like to participate in any way .
Let me if you know would to like participate in any way .
Sara
Sara
Sara
please try to verify.
Try please to verify .
please try verify to .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Sara
Sara
Sara
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
09/16/99 10:16 AM
09 / 16 99 / 10 : AM 16
09 16 / / 10 99 : 16 AM
How about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) time?
How about Friday , Sept 17 . , at 9 am ( time ) Houston which 11 is am ( Sao Paulo time ) ?
About Friday how , . Sept 17 , at 9 am ( time ) Houston which 11 is am ( Sao ) Paulo time ?
Please advise.
Advise please .
Advise please .
Sara
Sara
Sara
___________________________________________
___________________________________________
___________________________________________
Warning
Warning
Warning
NOTICE: This message is confidential.
NOTICE : This is confidential message .
NOTICE : message This confidential is .
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone.
If have you it received by mistake us let please know by reply and then delete it from your system ; should not you copy this message or disclose contents its to anyone .
If you have received by it mistake please let know us by then reply delete and from it your system ; you should not copy this message disclose or contents its to anyone .
Thank you.
Thank . you
You thank .
- Em-enro2.doc
Em - - enro2 . doc
- - Em enro2 . doc
The call was cancelled.
The was call cancelled .
The was call cancelled .
I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday morning.
I am waiting to hear about a possible call morning Friday .
I am waiting hear to about possible a call Friday . morning
Sara
Sara
Sara
Andrea Bertone@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Andrea Bertone ENRON_DEVELOPMENT @
Andrea Bertone ENRON_DEVELOPMENT @
09/15/99 04:41 PM
09 / / 15 99 04 41 : PM
09 / / 15 99 04 : PM 41
Yes.
. yes
. yes
If something happens that I'm not able to participate I'll let you know.
If that something happens I ' m able not participate to I ' ll let know you .
Happens if something I that ' not m able to participate I ' ll you let know .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Sara Shackleton@ECT
Sara Shackleton ECT @
Shackleton sara @ ECT
09/15/99 08:15 PM
09 15 / / 99 08 : PM 15
09 / 15 / 08 99 : PM 15
This call has been changed to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time).
This call has changed to been 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Paulo Sao ) time .
This has call changed been to 3 pm Houston ( ) time which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .
Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in.
Please let me know if you would for like to me conference you in .
Please let me know if you would like for conference me to you in .
Sara
Sara
Sara
The draft you received has been approved by Dan.
The draft has you received been by approved Dan .
The you draft has received been approved Dan by .
If you would like this executed, please let me know.
If you would like this , executed please me let . know
If would you this like executed , please let know me .
Sara
Sara
Sara
Daniel R Castagnola@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Daniel R Castagnola ENRON_DEVELOPMENT @
Daniel R Castagnola ENRON_DEVELOPMENT @
05/17/99 01:47 PM
/ 05 17 / 99 01 : PM 47
/ 05 17 / 99 : 01 47 PM
Sara:
: sara
: sara
Looks good.
Looks . good
Good looks .
Dan
Dan
Dan
Sara Shackleton@ECT
Sara Shackleton ECT @
Shackleton sara @ ECT
05/17/99 11:23 AM
05 / 17 / 99 11 23 AM :
05 / / 17 99 11 23 : AM
Dan: please see if the attached draft works.
: dan please see attached if the draft works .
: dan please if see the attached works draft .
My extension is 35620.
Extension my is 35620 .
My extension 35620 is .
Sara
Sara
Sara
As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday, could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments?
As a result of our luncheon with the desk confirm yesterday , could someone a develop comprehensive identifying list all omnibus ? attachments
Result as a of our with luncheon the confirm desk yesterday , could develop someone comprehensive a list identifying all attachments omnibus ?
If you think any other pertinent information could be included, please feel free to add it.
You if think any pertinent other information could be included , please feel to free add it .
If think you other any pertinent information could be included , please feel free add to it .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Sara
Sara
Sara
I e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response.
I e - your mailed assistant earlier this morning and had have no response .
E I - mailed assistant earlier your this morning have and had no response .
Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17?
Can we phone reschedule the call 9 for ( am Houston ) is am which 11 ( Sao Paulo ) on Friday Sept , . 17 ?
Can reschedule we phone the 9 call for am ( ) Houston which is 11 am ( Paulo Sao ) Friday on , . Sept 17 ?
Please advise.
Advise please .
Advise please .
Sara
Sara
Sara
The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo).
The conference has been call rescheduled for Friday Sept , . 17 at 9 am Houston ( ) which is am 11 ( Paulo Sao ) .
The call conference has been for rescheduled Friday , Sept . at 17 9 am ( Houston is ) am which 11 ( Paulo Sao ) .
I will initiate the call.
I will initiate call the .
Will I initiate the call .
If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person, please let me know.
Would if anyone like to be in conferenced or attend in person , please let me know .
If like anyone would to be conferenced in attend or person in please , let me know .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Sara
Sara
Sara
I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading.
I am forwarding you to guidelines for prepared products global trading .
Am I to forwarding guidelines you prepared for global products trading .
It's a good starting point.
It ' a s good point starting .
It ' s a starting point good .
I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading.
I am currently working on guidelines which Argentina will for address both physical financial and trading .
I am currently working for guidelines on Argentina which address will both and physical financial trading .
Other "guidelines" exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia.
Other guidelines " exist " in limited the form for remote offices in and Singapore Australia .
" other " guidelines exist in limited form the for offices remote in Singapore and . Australia
I am checking on London.
I checking am on London .
I am checking London on .
I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for.
' I m exactly not certain as what to you are for looking .
I ' not m exactly as certain to you what looking are for .
Obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US (although LA. is about as close as you can get to a third world country).
The obviously foreign offices have that issues may not apply the ( in US although . LA is about as as close you can get to a world country third ) .
Obviously the foreign offices have that issues may apply in not the US ( LA although . is about as close as you can to get a third world country ) .
One thing that doesn't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue.
Thing one that doesn ' t show up the in attachment is the swap issue eligibility .
One thing doesn that ' show t in up the attachment is the swap eligibility issue .
Let me know how I can help further.
Let me know how I can help further .
Me let know I how can help further .
Sara
Sara
Sara
Janice Moore
Moore janice
Moore janice
09/03/99 01:57 PM
/ 09 03 99 / 01 : 57 PM
09 03 / 99 / 01 : 57 PM
Here it is -- we printed this 2-sided and laminated it.
Here it - is - printed we this 2 - sided and . laminated it
Here is it - - we printed 2 this - sided and laminated it .
Becky will bring you the hard copy version.
Becky will you bring the hard copy . version
Becky will you bring the hard copy . version
Lunch date later.
Date lunch later .
Lunch date . later
see below.
see . below
below see .
It looks like the 2-day L/C issue is an issue.
Looks it like the 2 - day L / issue C issue is an .
It looks like the 2 day - / L C an issue is issue .
I'll call you shortly.
I call ' ll you shortly .
I ' ll you shortly call .
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original.
Joseph Manogue Tiger at called me to last night say he had reviewed finally the ISDA draft doc with all agreed changes put and in lined from original .
Joseph at Tiger Manogue me called last to night say he had finally reviewed draft the doc ISDA all with agreed changes put in lined and from original .
He faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight.
Faxed he it to and you will have the Fedexed original overnight .
He it faxed to and you will have the original overnight Fedexed .
Hope you'll have time to review it today.
Hope ' you ll have time review to today it .
Hope you ll ' have to time it review today .
S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording.
S & has asked S again about the gtee and l / wording c .
& s S has asked again about the gtee and / l wording c .
They do not have anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changes.
They do have not anything from in us writing confirming the agreed changes .
They do have not anything us from in writing agreed confirming the changes .
Joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed (I believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5) and the new l/c wording (drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay).
That joe asked you fax the revised gtee that wording has been agreed I ( believe it was our agreeing to reduce claim the period from 15 days down to 5 ) and new the l / c wording ( drops 2 the day period replace to an l / c with a different bank if the refuses first pay to ) .
Joe asked you that fax the revised that gtee wording been has agreed ( I believe it was our agreeing to the reduce period claim from 15 days down 5 to ) and the new l / c wording ( drops the day 2 period to replace l an / with c a different bank if the first refuses to pay ) .
I know we talked about these issues earlier, but Tiger's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing, even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c.
Know I we talked about these issues earlier , but Tiger ' want s lawyers to get everything agreed writing in now so final can docs issued be for signing , if even we are the one ' s issuing the and gtee l / c .
I know we talked about these issues earlier , Tiger but ' s lawyers to want get everything agreed in now writing so final can docs issued be for signing , even if we are the one s ' the issuing gtee and l / . c
Thanks!
! thanks
! thanks
Call if you have questions or if I can be of any help.
Call if have you or questions if can I be of any . help
Call if you have or questions can if I be any of help .
There is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week.
Is outside there an chance we could have everything set to go week this .
There an is outside we chance have could everything set to this go week .
With best regards,
With regards best ,
With regards best ,
Per
Per
Per
Hi back!
Back hi !
Back hi !
and Happy New Year too!
and New Happy Year too !
Happy and New Year too !
To what do I owe this small pleasure?
To what do owe I this pleasure small ?
To what I do owe small this pleasure ?
I'm fine in Texas, still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe, working hard, etc.
I m ' in fine , Texas hanging still out with and Phoebe Chloe , working hard , . etc
I ' m Texas fine in still , hanging out with and Phoebe working Chloe , hard , etc .
Where are you living these days?
Where you are these living days ?
Are where you these living days ?
N.O.? Atlanta?
. n O . ? ? Atlanta
O n . . ? Atlanta ?
Memphis?
? memphis
? memphis
Eleuthra?
? eleuthra
? eleuthra
St. Petersburg?
. st Petersburg ?
. st Petersburg ?
Amelia Island Plantation?
Island amelia Plantation ?
Amelia Island ? Plantation
I've simply lost track!
I ' ve track simply lost !
I ' simply ve lost ! track
As for me, well, I lead the simple life, own a little house in West University, own a little car (I had to buy a new one recently - the 14-year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit), you know, the usual.
As for me , well , I lead the simple life , own a little house in West University , own a car little ( I had a to buy new one recently - the 14 - year old 380 SE scaring started a me ) bit you , know , usual the .
As for me , well , lead I the life simple , own little a house West in University , a own ( little I car had to buy a new one recently - the 14 - year 380 old SE started scaring me bit a ) , you know , the usual .
Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast?
Are you selling up burgers and the down coast east ?
Selling are you burgers up and down the east ? coast
Have you gone international?
Have you international gone ?
Have gone you international ?
In a new franchise business?
A in new franchise business ?
In a new business franchise ?
How's your family?
How ' your s family ?
' how s your family ?
Got to get back to work!
Got to get back ! to work
To got get to back work !
This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business.
This weekend I ' off m to Sao Paulo Aires and Buenos business on .
This I weekend ' off m to Paulo Sao and Buenos on Aires business .
SARA
SARA
SARA
SamChawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM
SamChawk @ aol . com on 09 / / 11 07 99 : : 48 44 PM
SamChawk @ . aol on com / 09 11 / 99 : 07 48 : PM 44
Sara-
- sara
- sara
Happy New Year, stranger!
Happy Year New , stranger !
Happy New Year stranger , !
Hope all is well.
All hope is well .
All hope is well .
Do you miss me?
Do you me miss ?
Do you me miss ?
SAM
SAM
SAM
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders.
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted trader some guidelines ( and physical ) financial the for London traders .
Elliott mark me tells that some you drafted trader guidelines physical ( and financial ) for London the traders .
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina) and thought your expertise would be very helpful.
Am I to trying develop similar guidelines the for Southern Cone regions first ( Argentina and ) your thought expertise would be helpful very .
Am I trying to develop guidelines similar the for Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .
Could you send me a set?
Could you me send set a ?
Could you send me a set ?
I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.
' I leaving m Sao for Paulo on Saturday but I be will the in office tomorrow .
I ' m leaving Sao for Paulo on Saturday I but will be in the tomorrow office .
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for help your .
Thank you for your . help
Regards.
. regards
. regards
Sara
Sara
Sara
(if .....) (iii) definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [the project to be owned by Party B], including but not limited to the senior debt facility, commitments and all project documents, have been fully negotiated and executed and the [project] has been brought to financial close.
( if . . . . . ) ( iii ) definitive agreements acceptable Party A to in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [ the project to be owned by Party B ] , including but limited not to the debt senior facility , commitments and all project documents , been have fully negotiated and executed and the [ project ] been has brought to financial close .
( if . . . . . ) ( iii ) definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all aspects other of [ the project to be by owned B Party ] , including but limited not senior to the debt facility , commitments and all project documents , have been negotiated fully and and executed the [ project ] been has brought financial to close .
fyi
fyi
fyi
Robert Quick
Quick robert
Quick robert
09/17/99 04:50 AM
09 17 / / 99 04 : AM 50
09 / 17 99 / 04 : AM 50
Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power.
, sara are here the trader guidelines I developed UK for gas , UK power and Nordic power .
Sara , the here are trader I guidelines developed for gas UK UK , power and Nordic power .
I assume you need both gas and power.
I you assume need both gas power and .
You I assume need both gas and power .
These are to some extent country or market specific.
These are extent to some country market or specific .
To these are some extent country market or specific .
As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston, I am copying this to Mark, Alan and Jeff.
These as guidelines need to approved be Houston by , am I copying to this Mark , and Alan Jeff .
These as guidelines need to be by approved Houston I , am this copying to Mark , and Alan . Jeff
tks
tks
tks
Sara Shackleton
Shackleton sara
Shackleton sara
09/16/99 09:48 PM
/ 09 16 / 09 99 : 48 PM
/ 09 / 16 99 09 : 48 PM
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders.
Elliott mark tells that me you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial for ) the traders London .
Mark tells Elliott me you that drafted some guidelines trader ( physical and financial ) for London the traders .
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina) and thought your expertise would be very helpful.
I am to trying develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your would expertise be helpful very .
I am to trying develop guidelines similar the for Cone Southern regions ( first Argentina ) thought your and expertise would be helpful very .
Could you send me a set?
You could send me set a ?
You could send me set a ?
I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.
I m ' leaving for Paulo Sao on Saturday but I will be in office the tomorrow .
I ' leaving m for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I be will the office in . tomorrow
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for your . help
You thank for your help .
Regards.
. regards
. regards
Sara
Sara
Sara
Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in Brazil.
Review please attached the memo verify to I have that identified all of the products that are you in interested trading in Brazil .
Review please the attached memo to that verify have identified I of all the products that are you interested in trading Brazil in .
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday, September 20, 1999.
Be I will Sao in Paulo on Monday , September 20 1999 , .
I be will in Sao Paulo Monday on , September , 20 . 1999
Thank you,
You thank ,
You thank ,
Sara
Sara
Sara
JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com>
< JMB JBennett @ GMSSR com . >
JBennett JMB < @ GMSSR . com >
12/22/2000 06:28 PM
/ 12 22 / 2000 06 : PM 28
12 / 22 / 06 2000 : PM 28
Parties, attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28.
Parties , attached is ruling the promised provides that guidance procedural for the hearings 12 on / 27 and / 12 28 .
Parties , attached is the promised ruling that provides guidance procedural for hearings the 12 on / and 27 12 / 28 .
The ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible.
The ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible .
The ruling also will posted be on the web site as quickly as possible .
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays.
Thank for you your patience I and hope you can take a moments to enjoy few the holidays .
Thank you for your patience hope and I you can a take moments few to enjoy holidays the .
--Angela Minkin Administrative Law Judge
- Angela - Minkin Administrative Judge Law
- - Minkin Angela Law Administrative Judge
<<1%P701!.doc>>
< 1 < % ! P701 . > doc >
< < % P701 1 ! doc . > >
Note that this communication is confidential, covered by CA's settlement rules.
Communication note that this is , confidential covered by CA ' s settlement rules .
That note communication is this confidential , covered by CA ' settlement s rules .
"Lindh, Frank (Law)" <FRL3@pge.com>
Lindh " , Frank ( Law ) " < @ pge FRL3 . > com
" , Lindh ( Frank Law ) " FRL3 < @ . pge com >
12/21/2000 07:50 PM
12 21 / / 2000 07 : PM 50
12 / 21 2000 / 07 50 : PM
Confidential Settlement Document Per CPUC Rule 51
Confidential Document Settlement Per CPUC 51 Rule
Document confidential Settlement Per CPUC Rule 51
Gas Accord II Settlement Participants:
Gas II Accord Settlement Participants :
Gas Accord II Participants Settlement :
Attached is PG&E's Gas Accord II (GA II) Settlement Proposal.
PG attached is & E ' Gas s II Accord ( GA II ) Settlement . Proposal
Is attached PG E & ' Accord s Gas II ( GA II ) Proposal Settlement .
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops.
Believe it we addresses many the of issues and concerns you have raised the in . workshops
Believe we addresses it of many the issues and concerns you have in raised the . workshops
As an overview, this proposal: * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007. *
As overview an , this proposal : Maintains * basic the Accord Gas structure in today place for the period 2007 2003 to . *
As an overview , proposal this : * Maintains the Gas basic Accord structure in today place for period the 2003 2007 to . *
* Offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today. *
* Offers end user transportation for rates 2003 lower for most customers than effect in today rates . *
* Offers user end transportation for rates lower 2003 for customers most than rates effect in today . *
* Provides for vintaged Redwood path rates for core customers. *
* Provides vintaged for Redwood path rates for core customers . *
* for Provides Redwood vintaged path for rates core customers . *
* Offers a 7.5 cent/dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers, minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC-approved charges. *
* Offers a 7 . 5 cent / dth to rate customers large while minimizing rate to changes customers other , the minimizing incentive for customers to these to seek local bypass charges transmission and other CPUC - approved charges . *
* a Offers 7 . 5 cent / rate dth large to customers while rate minimizing changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers seek to to bypass local and transmission charges other - CPUC approved charges . *
* Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets, and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period (2003-2007). *
* guidelines to Adopts reliability improve and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets , and identifies the projects capital to needed meet these guidelines over the course the of GA period II ( - 2003 2007 ) . *
* guidelines Adopts to improve reliability and help prices moderate in gas commodity markets , and the capital identifies needed projects to meet guidelines these the over course of the GA II period ( - 2003 2007 ) . *
* Provides a high degree of rate stability, with a 3.5% escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects.
* a Provides high of degree stability rate , a with 3 . % 5 escalator to capture inflation both the and of cost needed capital projects .
* a Provides degree of high rate stability , a with 3 . 5 % escalator to capture both inflation the and cost needed of capital projects .
The guaranteed rates will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic events. *
The guaranteed rates be will adjustable only for significant the changes in of cost capital or due increased costs to governmental requirements or catastrophic events . *
The guaranteed rates will be only adjustable for significant changes in of the cost capital or increased costs to due requirements governmental or events catastrophic . *
* Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths, although somewhat less than the current differential. *
A * Preserves rate differential the between Redwood and Baja paths , somewhat although less than the current differential . *
* Preserves rate a differential between the Redwood Baja and , paths although somewhat than less the current differential . *
* Proposes a two-stage open season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003, with end users receiving a first option on available capacity. *
* Proposes a two - open stage season firm transportation services for beginning in 2003 , end with users first receiving option a on available capacity . *
* Proposes two a stage - open for season transportation firm services in beginning 2003 , end with receiving users a first on option available capacity . *
* Maintains the core aggregation program with some adjustments.
* Maintains core aggregation the program some with adjustments .
* the Maintains aggregation core with program some adjustments .
PG&E also anticipates that the Core Procurement Incentive Mechanism (CPIM) will be similar to today's mechanism, but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1-day in 10-year cold weather event.
PG & E also anticipates that the Core Procurement Incentive Mechanism ( CPIM will ) be similar to today ' s mechanism , but reflect will the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed meet to anticipated increases in core demand to and meet a 1 - day in 10 - year cold weather event .
& PG E also anticipates the that Core Procurement Incentive Mechanism ( CPIM ) will be similar today to ' s mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat capacity larger holdings needed to anticipated meet increases in core demand to and meet a 1 day - in 10 - cold year weather event .
This also will serve as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11, to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questions.
Also this will serve as reminder a that an all - meeting Party scheduled is PG at & E ' headquarters s in San Francisco on January 10 and 11 , to this discuss and proposal to to respond questions your .
This also will serve a as reminder that an all - Party is meeting at scheduled PG & E ' s in headquarters San on Francisco January 10 and 11 to , discuss this and proposal respond to questions to your .
We look forward to answering your questions and receiving your feedback.
We look forward answering to questions your receiving and your feedback .
We look forward to your answering questions receiving and feedback your .
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal, an Attachment (a copy of PG&E's proposed Gas Rule 27), and a set of supporting workpapers.
Attached the documents include the GA Settlement II proposal an , ( Attachment a copy of PG & ' E s Gas proposed Rule ) 27 , a and set supporting workpapers of .
Attached the documents include the GA Settlement II an proposal , ( Attachment copy a of PG & E ' s proposed Rule Gas ) 27 a , and set of supporting workpapers .
Finally, please note that the Settlement document and the Attachment are in "Word 2000" format.
Finally , please note that Settlement the document and Attachment the are in " Word 2000 " . format
Finally please , note that document the Settlement the and are Attachment in " Word 2000 " format .
We would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of Word, upon request by individual Parties.
We would glad be to provide the same documents an earlier in of version Word , upon request Parties by individual .
We would be to glad provide same the documents an in earlier version of , Word upon request individual by . Parties
We look forward to seeing you on January 10-11.
We look forward to seeing you January on 10 - 11 .
Look we forward seeing to you on January 10 11 - .
In the meantime, we extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season.
The meantime in , we extend our best for wishes a and safe happy season holiday .
In meantime the , we our extend best wishes for safe a happy and season holiday .
Frank Lindh Ray Williams (415) 973-2776 (415) 973-3634
Frank Ray Lindh 415 Williams ( ) 973 2776 - ( 415 ) 973 - 3634
Frank Lindh Ray Williams ( 415 ) 2776 973 - ( ) 415 973 3634 -
<<PG&E Gas Accord II Settlement Proposal 12-20-00.doc>> <<Proposed Gas Rule 27.doc>> <<COS & Rates Workpapers for GA II 12-20-2000 Proposal.xls>>
< < PG & E Gas Accord II Proposal 12 Settlement - 20 - 00 . doc > > < Proposed < Gas 27 Rule doc . > > < < COS & Workpapers for GA Rates II 12 - 20 - Proposal 2000 xls . > >
< < PG & Gas E II Accord Proposal 12 Settlement - 20 - 00 . doc > > < Proposed < Gas 27 Rule . doc > > < < COS & Workpapers Rates for II GA 12 - - 20 Proposal 2000 . xls > >
Greetings Judge Minkin:
Greetings Minkin Judge :
Greetings Minkin Judge :
This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th.
Is this to inform that a representative of Corp Enron would to like address the Commission on the of issue utility rate stabilization plans at Commission the s ' hearings scheduled 27th for December and 28th .
This to is inform a that representative of Enron Corp would like address to the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans the at Commission ' s hearings scheduled for December and 27th . 28th
Thank you.
You thank .
You thank .
Sincerely,
, sincerely
, sincerely
Jeffrey Dasovich Director, Enron Corp
Dasovich jeffrey Director , Enron Corp
Dasovich jeffrey Director , Enron Corp
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.
Attached is a draft of points the talking for Commission the s ' hearings .
Is attached draft a of talking the points the for Commission ' s hearings .
Few points:
Few : points
Points few :
Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes.
Time is our to likely be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .
Our time is likely be to limited 5 to 10 - minutes .
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
Day mike , our outside counsel make , will the presentation our on behalf .
Day mike , our counsel outside , will the make presentation our on behalf .
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
Day mike is fleshing the legal out of details our presentation he and will forward that along for folks review today later .
Day mike is fleshing the legal details out of our and presentation he will forward that along for folks review later . today
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317).
Can comments be forwarded to me via , email pager ( . 888 . 916 ) 7184 voicemail , ( 415 . 782 . 7822 ) , or 415 home ( . . 621 ) 8317 .
Can comments be to forwarded email me via , ( pager 888 . 916 7184 . ) , voicemail ( 415 . . 782 7822 ) , home or ( 415 . . 621 ) 8317 .
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST).
We will the finalize points on message tomorrow ' s call daily ( 10 CST AM ) .
We finalize will message the points on ' tomorrow s daily ( call AM 10 CST ) .
The call in number is 800.713.8600.
Call the number in is . 800 713 . 8600 .
The call in number is . 800 713 . 8600 .
Code is 80435.
Code 80435 is .
Is code 80435 .
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).
The Commission s ' hearings at begin 10 tomorrow AM ( PST ) .
The commission ' s begin hearings tomorrow at 10 ( AM PST ) .
Jeff Dasovich
Dasovich jeff
Dasovich jeff
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
By sent : Jeff Dasovich
By sent : Jeff Dasovich
12/26/2000 03:15 PM
/ 12 26 / 03 2000 : 15 PM
12 / / 26 2000 03 : PM 15
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.
Is a attached draft of the talking points for Commission the ' s . hearings
Attached is a draft the of points talking for the Commission ' s hearings .
Few points:
Points few :
Points few :
Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes.
Our time to is likely be limited to 5 10 - minutes .
Is our time likely to be limited to - 5 10 minutes .
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
Mike , Day our outside counsel , will make the presentation on behalf our .
Mike Day our , counsel outside will , make the presentation on our . behalf
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
Mike Day fleshing is out legal the details of our and presentation he will forward that along for folks review today later .
Mike is fleshing Day the out details legal of our presentation and he will forward that for along review folks later today .
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317).
Can be forwarded to comments me email via , pager ( 888 . . 916 ) 7184 , voicemail ( . 415 782 . 7822 ) or , home ( 415 . 621 . ) 8317 .
Comments can forwarded to be via me email , pager ( 888 916 . . 7184 ) , ( voicemail . 415 782 . 7822 ) , or home 415 ( . . 621 8317 ) .
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST).
Will we finalize message points the on tomorrow s ' daily call 10 ( AM CST ) .
Will the we finalize message points on tomorrow ' s daily call AM ( 10 CST ) .
The call in number is 800.713.8600.
The call in is number . 800 713 . . 8600
The call number in 800 is . . 713 8600 .
Code is 80435.
Code 80435 is .
Is code 80435 .
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).
Commission the ' s hearings begin tomorrow AM at 10 ( ) PST .
The Commission ' hearings s begin 10 tomorrow at AM ( ) PST .
Nice job.
Job nice .
Job nice .
Going to be a wild ride.
To going a be wild ride .
To going be a ride wild .
That's a very good point.
' that s a very good . point
That ' s very a point good .
I'll make the change.
' I ll the make change .
I ' ll the change make .
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Harry Kingerski
Kingerski harry
Kingerski harry
12/26/2000 03:33 PM
12 / / 26 03 2000 : 33 PM
12 / 26 2000 / 03 : PM 33
Jeff -
- jeff
- jeff
instead of suggesting a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 %, I think we should acknowledge that a "modest" increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings, not just determined by whim.
instead of suggesting a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 % , I think we acknowledge should a that " modest " increase may necessary be and may fact in be desirable - but that specific the amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well out thought evidence and hearings , not just by whim determined .
instead of a suggesting rate specific - increase 10 or % 15 , I think we should acknowledge that a " modest " increase be may and necessary may in fact be desirable - but that the amount of specific should increase be reasoned and subject to well thought evidence out and hearings , not just determined by whim .
In general, we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that.
General in , we should not be overly prescriptive this at point I and know you agree that with .
General in should , we not be overly at prescriptive this and I point know you agree with that .
Otherwise, I think you have captured the points excellently.
Otherwise , think you I have captured the excellently points .
, otherwise think I you captured have the points excellently .
We're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months.
We ' re in process the of a developing strategy to take us through next the few months .
' we re in process the of developing a strategy to take through us next the months few .
But while the (otherwise perishable) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday, I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days/weeks ahead.
But the while ( perishable otherwise ) still thoughts are fresh in mind from my the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some for observations discussion in the days weeks / ahead .
But while otherwise the ( ) perishable thoughts are still fresh my in mind the from hearings on and Monday , Tuesday wanted I to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .
OBSERVATION--The pressure to finger somebody for "price gouging" is increasing.
OBSERVATION - - pressure The to finger somebody gouging for " price " is increasing .
OBSERVATION - - to The pressure finger somebody " for price gouging " is . increasing
The administration is hell bent on finding a "fall guy."
Administration the is hell bent on a finding " guy fall . "
The administration hell is on finding bent a " fall guy . "
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out.
The price pose real spikes political for risks Davis and he his and folks need want and easy an way out .
Price the spikes pose real political risks Davis and he for and folks his need want and an easy way out .
His press release following the hearing renewed the call for "refunds."
Press his following the release hearing renewed the call for " . refunds "
Press his release following the renewed hearing the for call " . refunds "
On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers.
On my , panel Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke supply to with her details the of cut the contracts they to sell their forward power to marketers .
On my panel , Loretta asked Lynch Reliant and Duke to supply her the with details of the they contracts cut to power sell their forward to . marketers
And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme.
And Wood Carl ' s were remarks extreme .
And Carl Wood ' s extreme remarks were .
At the Barton hearing, a liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative Republican (Hunter) locked arms in calling for refunds.
At the hearing , Barton a liberal ( Filner democrat ) a and Republican conservative ( Hunter ) locked arms in calling for . refunds
The at Barton hearing , liberal a democrat ( Filner ) and a conservative Republican ( ) Hunter locked in arms for calling refunds .
Bilbray joined the "gouging" band wagon.
Bilbray the joined " gouging " band . wagon
Joined bilbray the " gouging " band . wagon
The utilities repeatedly called on FERC to do a "real" investigation, with hearings, testimony, data discovery---the works.
The repeatedly utilities called FERC on to a do " " real investigation , with hearings , , testimony data discovery - - the - works .
The repeatedly utilities called on to FERC do " a real " investigation , with hearings , , testimony data discovery - - - . the works
On the positive side, the FERC commissioners lauded Wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panel.
On the positive side , the FERC lauded commissioners Wolak his , , analysis and remarks his on the panel .
On the positive side , commissioners FERC the Wolak lauded , analysis his , and his remarks on panel the .
Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit.
Wolak somewhat emphatically said that the of California nature ' s market structure makes it impossible out to single a single participant as the . culprit
Wolak said somewhat emphatically the that nature California of ' market s structure makes it impossible to a single single out as participant the culprit .
He also stated that just everyone's just acting in their own self-interest, responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure.
Also he stated just everyone that ' s just acting their in own - self interest , to responding the screwed embedded incentives in structure the .
He also stated that just everyone ' s just acting self in their own - responding interest , to the incentives screwed embedded in the structure .
IMPLICATION--It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered.
IMPLICATION - - seems It prudent Enron for to understand its better getting risks of fingered .
- IMPLICATION - It prudent seems for Enron understand better its to risks of getting fingered .
In the best case, the clamoring for a "refund" subsides.
The in case best , the clamoring a for " " refund subsides .
The in best case , the clamoring for a " refund subsides " .
In which case, the only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting fingered.
In which , the case only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred understand to better the risks of fingered getting .
Which in case the , only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred to better understand the risks of fingered getting .
In the medium case, investigations find that Enron (like others) "played by the rules," but the rules stunk, and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers.
The in case medium investigations , find that Enron ( like others ) " by played the rules , " but the rules , stunk profited and Enron at of the California expense consumers .
In medium the , case investigations find that ( Enron like ) others played " by the rules , " the but rules stunk , and profited Enron at expense of the consumers California .
You're right, Sue.
You re ' , right Sue .
' you right re , Sue .
Rates can't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion---trying to finesse it.
Rates can ' t up w go / out rate declaring the over freeze in fashion some - - - trying to finesse . it
Can rates ' go t w up / declaring out the rate over freeze fashion in some - - - trying to finesse it .
Thanks very much for the comments.
Very thanks much for the . comments
Thanks very for the much comments .
Harry also had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned and based on facts and evidence.
Harry had also a good comment - - don - ' t specify the amount of rate in increase our comments ; rather that rate note the needs increase to be well - reasoned based and on facts and evidence .
Harry had also a good comment - - don - ' specify the t amount of increase rate in our comments ; rather that note the rate increase to needs well be - reasoned and on based facts and . evidence
Will make that change.
Will that make change .
Will make change that .
Shawna Johnson@ENRON
Johnson shawna @ ENRON
Shawna Johnson ENRON @
02/22/2001 04:37 PM
/ 02 22 / 04 2001 : 37 PM
/ 02 22 2001 / 04 : 37 PM
This is a request for your interview participation.
This is a for request interview your participation .
Is this a request for your participation interview .
The Associate and Analyst Programs will be on the Penn, undergraduate campus interviewing summer Analyst interns next week.
Associate the and Analyst Programs will on be the Penn , campus undergraduate interviewing summer interns Analyst . next week
Associate and the Analyst Programs be will on the , Penn undergraduate campus summer interviewing Analyst next interns week .
Due to business reasons, previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had to cancel their participation.
To due business reasons , scheduled previously interviewers from Penn the team have had to cancel their participation .
To due business reasons , scheduled previously the interviewers from Penn team have had cancel to their participation .
Currently, I need three interviewers for Thursday, March 1st and one interviewer for Friday, March 2nd.
Currently need , I three interviewers Thursday for , March 1st and interviewer one Friday for , March . 2nd
, currently I need three for interviewers Thursday , March 1st one and interviewer Friday for 2nd , March .
Please let me know of your availability.
Let please me know your of availability .
Please let know me of availability your .
Campus interviews are scheduled as follows:
Interviews campus are scheduled follows as :
Campus are scheduled interviews as follows :
Place: University of Pennsylvania
Place : of University Pennsylvania
: place University of Pennsylvania
Date: Thursday, March 1st Friday, March 2nd
: Thursday date , March Friday 1st , March 2nd
Date Thursday : , March 1st , Friday 2nd March
Day One Interviews Day Two Interviews
Day One Interviews Day Interviews Two
Day One Day Interviews Two Interviews
Where: On Campus Inn at Pen
Where : Campus On at Inn Pen
: where On Campus Inn Pen at
Time: 8:00 - 5:00 8:00 - 5:00
: time 8 : - 00 5 8 : 00 : 00 - 5 : 00
: time 8 : 00 - : 5 8 00 : 00 5 - : 00
Interviewers: Kevin McGowan- confirmed
Interviewers : Kevin McGowan confirmed -
Interviewers : Kevin - McGowan confirmed
Jen Fraser- confirmed
Jen Fraser confirmed -
Jen Fraser confirmed -
Margaret Rhee- confirmed
Rhee margaret - confirmed
Margaret Rhee confirmed -
Chris Hilgert- confirmed
Chris Hilgert confirmed -
Hilgert chris - confirmed
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate, any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated.
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts cannot participate and , referrals any at the Director VP level or be would appreciated greatly .
In event the you that have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate , referrals any at Director the VP or level greatly would be appreciated .
As always, thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions.
Always as , thank you for your time and please contact @ me 58369 ext if you have questions any .
Always as , thank you your for time please and contact @ me 58369 ext if you any have questions .
Shawna Johnson Recruiting Coordinator
Johnson shawna Recruiting Coordinator
Johnson shawna Recruiting Coordinator
Sorry about that before.
Sorry about that . before
Sorry that about before .
I'll not say anything.
I ' ll say anything not .
' I ll not anything say .
Best
Best
Best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
"Scott A. Kushnick" <skush@swbell.net>
Scott A " . Kushnick " < skush @ swbell . > net
" A Scott . " Kushnick skush < @ swbell . net >
01/26/2001 12:48 PM
/ 01 26 / 2001 12 : PM 48
/ 01 26 / 2001 12 48 : PM
Please don't mention my NY trip to anyone.
Don please ' my t mention NY trip to anyone .
Don please ' t mention my NY trip to anyone .
Keep in touch.
In keep touch .
Keep touch in .
Scott
Scott
Scott
thanks for the update.
thanks for update the .
thanks the for update .
have you gotten a price?
have you a gotten price ?
have you gotten a ? price
Doug Leach
Leach doug
Leach doug
01/25/2001 09:40 AM
/ 01 25 / 09 2001 : 40 AM
/ 01 25 / 09 2001 : 40 AM
fyi
fyi
fyi
Tom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling projects.
Byargeon tom , Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working producers with in the involved US in water deep Louisiana offshore / oil Texas and drilling gas projects .
Tom Byargeon , Kevin Miller and Ken in ENA Loch with are working in producers the US in involved water offshore deep Louisiana / Texas and oil gas drilling projects .
This financing activity was primarily started to help ENA secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities.
This financing activity was primarily started help to ENA secure long term well head pipeline and gas natural supplies supplement to the gas trading desk activities .
Financing this activity started was primarily help to secure ENA term long well head pipeline and natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading activities desk .
Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects.
Just like what happened in Enron ' s VPP initial program are they find more in drilling interest oil rather than projects natural gas projects .
Just like what Enron happened in ' s initial VPP program they are find more interest oil in projects drilling rather natural gas projects than .
They are currently working on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy (operator), Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 and #582.
They are currently working a on bid due ( 1 / 31 for ) the Medusa project involves which Murphy ( operator ) , Agip Callon and in Canyon Mississippi Blocks # 538 and # 582 .
They are currently on working a ( bid due 1 / 31 ) for Medusa the which project involves Murphy operator ( ) Agip , and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks # 538 and # 582 .
The initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1Q 2003.
Initial reservoir the estimate reports reserves 80 of 120 - million of barrels sour they crude and estimate initial production to be 40 , 000 bpd in starting 1Q 2003 .
The initial reports reservoir reserves estimate of 80 million - 120 barrels of crude sour they and initial estimate production be to 40 , 000 bpd starting 1Q in 2003 .
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25-27 API Gravity and 1.5-2.0% sulfur.
Quality estimated is be to a Mars type crude with 25 - API 27 Gravity and 1 . 5 - . 2 % 0 sulfur .
Quality estimated is to a be Mars type crude 25 with - 27 Gravity API 1 and 5 . - 2 . 0 sulfur % .
Plans are to build a private pipeline to Equilon's West Delta #143 platform and then bring the oil onshore.
Plans are to a private build pipeline to Equilon ' s West Delta # 143 and platform then bring the oil . onshore
Plans to are build a pipeline private to Equilon s ' Delta West 143 # platform and then bring the onshore oil .
Peggy is finding out where WD #143 pumps to onshore.
Peggy is finding where out WD # 143 to onshore pumps .
Peggy finding is out where # WD 143 pumps onshore to .
Tom's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis.
' tom s group like would to know we if any have interesting buying in the crude on a fixed either or floating basis .
Tom ' s group like would to if know we have any interesting in buying crude the a on either fixed or floating basis .
The floating could be tied to a Platt's index or the NYMEX.
The floating could be to tied Platt a ' or s index the NYMEX .
Floating the could be to tied a Platt ' s index or the NYMEX .
It is far too early to expect Murphy to enter into a physical or financial contract, but Tom hopes to get us first and/or last look from Murphy when the time is right.
It too is far early to expect Murphy to into enter physical a or financial contract but Tom , hopes to get first us / or and last look from Murphy when time the is right .
Is it far too early to expect Murphy enter to into a physical or contract financial , but Tom hopes to get us and first or / look last Murphy from when the is time right .
Another alternative is to give Murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd Meraux, Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels.
Another alternative is to barrels give Murphy at 95 their 000 , Meraux bpd , refinery Louisiana in exchange for new the production barrels .
Another is to alternative give Murphy barrels at their 95 , 000 Meraux bpd , Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003?
Could someone in please your group give me a notional non binding differential for basis this quality of crude 2003 for Cal ?
Could someone in your group please give a me non notional binding differential basis for this quality crude of for 2003 ? Cal
please print
Print please
print please
Amanda Huble@ENRON
Huble amanda @ ENRON
Huble amanda @ ENRON
01/24/2001 01:02 PM
01 / 24 / 2001 01 : 02 PM
01 / / 24 01 2001 : 02 PM
Please address, and I'll check with Legal as well.
Please address , and I ' ll check with Legal well as .
Address please , and ' I ll with check Legal as well .
We typically only book deals when everything is signed off.
We typically only book when deals everything is signed off .
Typically only we book deals when everything is off signed .
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
David Hoog
Hoog david
Hoog david
01/26/2001 09:37 AM
/ 01 26 / 2001 09 37 : AM
01 / / 26 09 2001 : 37 AM
following up on our discussion yesterday; for these types of deals, i dont think its necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty's authorization to enter into the agreement.
Following up on our yesterday discussion ; for these types deals of i , think dont necessary its to have all the documentation of our counterparty ' s to authorization into enter agreement the .
following on up discussion our yesterday for ; these types of deals , i dont think necessary its to have all the of our documentation counterparty ' s authorization to enter the into . agreement
these are short term transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements.
these are short term transactions this and requiring documentation cause will us to lose business because alternatives competitive not do such have requirements burdensome .
these are short transactions and term requiring this documentation cause us will lose to because business competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome . requirements
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract.
primary the reason we these need things for is scenario the where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and claims then that it was a not valid contract .
the primary reason we these things need is for the scenario where a muni does deal a derivative an with open - downside ended , loses 50 $ , and million then claims that it was not a valid . contract
in our case, they are only hedging.
Our case in , they are only hedging .
in our case , are they hedging only .
we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front.
we collecting are a up premium front and their total cost known is front up .
we are collecting a premium up front their and total cost known is up front .
therefore they will not attempt to make this claim.
therefore they not will attempt make to claim this .
will therefore they not to attempt make this claim .
even if they did, our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout.
even they if , did risk is our limited the to premium , not some big payout .
even they if did , our is risk limited to the premium , not payout some . big
the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back.
the risk of losing is business far greater than the risk of a trying to counterparty their premium back get .
Risk the of losing business greater is far the risk than of a counterparty trying to get their premium . back
seems like a 5 second decision to me.
seems a like 5 second decision me to .
like seems a 5 second to decision me .
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form?
is possible it to combine standard the isda and our confirm into single a long form ?
is it possible the to combine standard and isda our confirm into a form single long ?
by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1-way.
going by away from the standard maybe we isda can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1 - . way
by going away from the standard maybe isda we can these requirements eliminate because liability the payout is 1 only - way .
please print
print please
Print please
RusAmArts@aol.com
RusAmArts @ . aol com
@ RusAmArts aol . com
01/26/2001 11:57 AM
01 / 26 2001 / 11 : AM 57
01 / 26 / 11 2001 : AM 57
Dear Mr. Shankman,
Mr dear . Shankman ,
Dear Mr . , Shankman
Thank you very much for your quick reply.
Thank you very for much your quick . reply
Thank very you much your for quick reply .
Attached is my resume.
Is attached my resume .
Attached my is resume .
I highlight the relevant skills in the summary.
I the highlight relevant skills the in summary .
Highlight I the relevant skills in summary the .
The position is with the EES MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM, ENRON ENERGY SERVICES.
Position the with is EES the department MMC EAST WHOLESALE / , RETAIL & COMM , ENRON ENERGY SERVICES .
Position the is the with EES EAST department MMC / WHOLESALE , RETAIL & COMM , ENRON SERVICES . ENERGY
It was posted on Dec. 11, but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet, it is open.
It was on posted Dec . , 11 but the Resource Human said dept that it if still is on the internet , it is open .
It was posted on Dec . , but 11 Human Resource dept the said that if is it still on the internet , it is open .
Look forward to hearing your comments / suggestions.
Forward look to your hearing comments / suggestions .
Look to forward hearing your comments / . suggestions
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Rina
Rina
Rina
- ENRONR~1.DOC
- ENRONR ~ 1 DOC .
- ENRONR 1 ~ . DOC
Yikes!
! yikes
! yikes
That girl's mother sounds like a real problem.
That girl ' mother s like sounds real a problem .
That ' girl mother s sounds like a problem real .
I'm not sure how I would have handled it.
I ' m not how sure I would have handled it .
I m ' not sure how I would have handled it .
How's school going?
How ' s school ? going
How ' s going school ?
Any plans for the weekend?
Plans any for the weekend ?
Any for plans the weekend ?
Alma Martinez@ENRON
Alma Martinez ENRON @
Alma Martinez ENRON @
01/26/2001 11:36 AM
/ 01 26 / 2001 11 : AM 36
/ 01 26 2001 / 11 : 36 AM
What happened?
Happened what ?
Happened what ?
Here's a story...as I was waiting at the bus stop (7:35am) to go to school, a lady approached me and asked if I'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus.
' here s a story . . as . was I waiting at bus the stop ( 7 : ) 35am to go to school , a lady approached me if and asked I ' d sure make her got daughter a on certain bus .
' here s story a . . . as I was at waiting the stop bus ( : 7 35am ) go to to , school a lady approached and me asked I if ' d make sure her daughter on got a certain bus .
The mother was running late for work and could not wait.
The mother was running for late work and not wait could .
Mother the running was late for work and could wait not .
I couldn't say no...so Nicki (the little girl-10 yrs. old) and I waited for the bus.
Couldn I ' t say no . . . so Nicki ( the little girl - yrs 10 . old ) and I the waited for bus .
Couldn I ' t say no . . . so Nicki ( little the girl - yrs . 10 ) old and I waited for bus the .
It was now, 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus.
It was , now : 8 and 15 there was no sign her of bus .
It now was , : 8 and 15 there was no sign her of bus .
On top of things, I had quiz at 8am.
On top things of , had I at quiz 8am .
On top of things , I had quiz 8am at .
Which I then realized I missed.
Which I then I missed realized .
Which I then realized I missed .
I decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own.
Decided I that Nicki just would have to wait her on own .
I decided Nicki would that just have to on wait her own .
I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts.
I asked her she if had any relatives that would want to know her whereabouts of .
I her asked if had she any relatives that would want to know of whereabouts her .
I called her grandmother and explained things to her.
Called I her grandmother and things explained her to .
I her called and grandmother explained to things her .
Pretty strange...aye.
Strange pretty . . aye . .
Strange pretty . . . . aye
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I couldn't do it.
Bus a that runs arrived through UofH and almost I got on her without , but couldn I ' t do it .
Bus a that runs through UofH arrived and almost got on I her without but , I couldn ' t do it .
Finally, I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school (8:30am).
Finally , I the told little girl that have she to would accompany to me school ( 8 : ) 30am .
Finally , I the told little girl she that would have me accompany to school to ( 8 : 30am ) .
There were only 15 minutes left of class.
There were 15 only left minutes of class .
There only were 15 minutes left of . class
I stayed for the remainder of the lecture.
I stayed for the remainder lecture of the .
I stayed for the remainder the of . lecture
After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived.
After class we back went bus to and stop within minutes bus her arrived .
After class we to went back bus stop and minutes within her arrived bus .
I told the bus driver where to drop her off.
Told I the bus driver where to her off drop .
I told the driver bus where drop to her . off
I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure.
I notified with her grandmother the time of the . departure
I her notified grandmother with the of time the . departure
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe.
I and was when relieved Nicki to called let me know she was home . safe
I and was when relieved Nicki called to let know me she was safe home .
Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well.
Send please the to memo the EGM heads business as well .
Send please the memo the to EGM business heads as . well
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Jana Giovannini
Giovannini jana
Giovannini jana
01/26/2001 10:51 AM
01 26 / / 2001 10 : AM 51
01 / 26 / 2001 10 AM : 51
Actually, Jen has volunteered for the afternoon session.
Actually , Jen volunteered for the has afternoon session .
Actually , Jen has volunteered for afternoon the session .
I spoke to her prior to my note.
Spoke I to prior her to my note .
I to spoke her prior to note my .
Is there anyone else in EGM that could participate?
Is anyone there in else that EGM could participate ?
Is there else anyone in that EGM participate could ?
Please let me know.
Please me let know .
Please let me . know
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Jen, please take care of this for EGM
Jen , please care take of this EGM for
Jen , please take care for of this EGM
Jana Giovannini
Giovannini jana
Giovannini jana
01/24/2001 11:42 AM
01 / / 24 2001 11 : AM 42
01 / 24 2001 / 11 : AM 42
All,
, all
, all
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately.
The and Analyst Associate recognize Programs we have many Analyst that needs need to immediately be addressed .
The and Analyst Programs Associate have recognize we many Analyst needs that need to addressed be immediately .
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting event.
While anticipate we many new Analysts Enron joining summer this ( late May ) fulltime and ( ) August we it felt necessary address to some the of immediate needs an with Off - Cycle Recruiting . event
We while anticipate many new joining Analysts this summer Enron ( May late ) and fulltime ( August ) felt it we necessary to address some of immediate the needs with an Off - Cycle Recruiting event .
We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.
We are this planning Thursday event for , February 15 and are inviting approximately 30 to candidates be interviewed .
We are planning this event for Thursday , 15 February and are inviting 30 approximately to candidates interviewed be .
I am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).
I asking am that you forward this note any to potential interviewers ( or above ) Managers .
Am I asking you that forward this any note to potential interviewers ( or Managers above ) .
We will conduct first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon.
We conduct will first round interviews in the and second morning the round interviews in the . afternoon
We conduct first will round interviews the in morning and the round second interviews in the . afternoon
We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning (9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm) complete session.
We need for interviewers to commit either the morning to 9am ( 12pm - or ) afternoon ( - 2pm ) 5pm complete session .
Need we to for interviewers commit either the to morning ( 9am - 12pm or ) ( afternoon - 2pm 5pm ) complete session .
Please submit your response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.
Please your submit response the using below buttons and your update calendar for this date .
Please submit your response using the below buttons and your calendar update for this . date
In addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer.
Addition in , we will need the groups that current have needs to to commit taking one more or of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .
In , addition we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to one taking or of more these Analysts should be they an offer extended .
Thanks in advance for your cooperation.
Thanks advance for in your cooperation .
Thanks in for advance cooperation your .
Thank you,
You thank ,
You thank ,
Jana
Jana
Jana
Where does our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up?
Does where our 50 % ( the . 1 65 million dollars ) show up ?
Where does 50 our % ( 1 the . 65 million dollars show ) ? up
Can you provide me with more details?
You can provide me more with details ?
Can provide you with me more details ?
Great job, guys.
Job great , guys .
Job great , guys .
Eric Gonzales
Gonzales eric
Gonzales eric
01/25/2001 02:02 AM
01 / / 25 2001 02 : AM 02
01 25 / / 2001 : 02 02 AM
Great job gentlemen!
Great gentlemen job !
Job great gentlemen !
This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements.
This shows deviation definitely that Eco has a amount significant of option value which be can exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements .
Shows this deviation Eco that has definitely a significant of amount option value which be can exploited with quick reactions and favourable movements market .
Eric
Eric
Eric
Wayne Perry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Perry wayne @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Perry wayne @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
25/01/2001 00:20
25 / 01 2001 00 / : 20
25 / 01 / 2001 20 00 :
Finally completed tonight
Completed finally tonight
Completed finally tonight
Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company - $ 272,000 ( $0.10/ mmbtu )
To net Enron Company LNG Marketing - 272 $ , 000 ( $ 0 . / 10 mmbtu )
Enron to net LNG Marketing Company - $ 272 , 000 ( $ 0 . / 10 ) mmbtu
Net to Eco about $3,300,000 ( Enron 50% share about $ 1,650,000 )
Net to Eco about $ 3 , 300 000 , Enron ( 50 % about share $ 1 , 650 , ) 000
Net to Eco $ about 3 , 300 000 , ( Enron % 50 share $ about , 1 , 650 000 )
Enron total gain not counting ENA's trading desk margin is $1,922,000
Enron total gain counting not ENA ' trading s margin desk $ is 1 , , 922 000
Enron total gain counting not ENA ' trading s desk is margin 1 $ 922 , , 000
Not bad for a single cargo.
Bad not for single a cargo .
Not bad for a single cargo .
Wayne
Wayne
Wayne
Jen, please take care of this for EGM
Jen , take please care this of for EGM
Jen , take please care this of for EGM
Marianne: The following are my comments:
Marianne The : following are comments my :
: marianne The are following my comments :
1. In Section 1.1, there should be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line.
1 . Section In 1 . , 1 should there be a parentheses after etc . in 5th the line .
1 In . Section . 1 1 , there should parentheses be after a etc . in the 5th . line
2. In Section 3.1, in the last sentence after the proviso insert "a" before the word "change" and after the word "in".
. 2 Section In 3 1 . , last in the sentence after the proviso insert a " " before the word change " " and after the word " in " .
2 . In Section 3 1 . , in last the sentence the after proviso insert " a " the before word " change " the and after word in " " .
3. In Section 6.1, change 20 Business Days to 20 days.
3 . In Section 6 . 1 change , Business Days 20 20 to days .
3 . In Section 6 . 1 , 20 change Business days Days to 20 .
Also, add a semicolon at the end of clause (i).
, also add a semicolon the at of end clause i ( ) .
, also add a at semicolon the end of clause ( i ) .
4. In Section 6.2.1 I'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue.
4 . In Section 6 . . 2 I 1 ' just ll note the that discount rate I think sentence is still an open issue .
4 In . Section 6 . 2 1 . I ' ll just note that discount the sentence rate I think is still open an . issue
5. In Section 6.3, clause (c) should be reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the Section.
5 . In Section 6 . 3 clause , ( c ) should be reworded to with fit the in language the beginning of the . Section
. 5 In Section . 6 3 clause , c ( ) should be to reworded fit with the language in the beginning the of Section .
6. Capitalize the word "facility" in the definition of Average Annual Load Factor.
6 . word Capitalize " the " facility in definition the of Average Annual Load Factor .
. 6 Capitalize the word " facility " in definition the of Average Load Annual Factor .
7. Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1.
. 7 Delete the of definition Costs as it already is defined Section in 6 2 . . . 1
. 7 Delete the definition of Costs as it defined is already Section in . 6 . 2 1 .
8. Where is the defined term Govt Authority used?
. 8 is Where the defined term Authority Govt used ?
8 . Where the is Govt defined term Authority used ?
9. In the GTC, the ECP rep should also apply to EESI.
. 9 In the GTC the , ECP rep should also apply to EESI .
. 9 In the GTC , the ECP rep should also apply EESI to .
Also, in the 7th line of the reps add the word "into" after the word "entered" and before the word "this".
Also , 7th in the line of the reps add the word " into after " the word " entered and before " the word " " this .
, also the in line 7th the of reps the add word " into " after word the " " entered before and the word " this " .
10. In Collateral Requests, insert a comma after deposit in the last line.
10 . In Requests Collateral , insert comma after a deposit in the line last .
10 In . Requests Collateral , insert a comma deposit in after the last line .
I will also add granting/perfection language.
Will I add also granting / perfection language .
I will also add granting / perfection language .
11. In Events of Default, clause (a) refers to a dispute section which I'm not sure exists.
11 . Events In of Default , ( clause a ) to refers a section which dispute I ' m not sure exists .
11 . of Events In Default , ( clause a ) refers to section a dispute which I ' m sure not exists .
In clause (e), delete the "s": from the word consolidation.
Clause in ( e ) , delete the s " " : the from word consolidation .
In clause ( e ) , delete the " " s : the from word . consolidation
12. Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1.
. 12 Remedies should be as it deleted is already in covered 6 Section . 1 .
. 12 should Remedies deleted be as it is already covered Section in . 6 1 .
13. In UCC/Disclaimer of warranties, add a clause (c).
13 In . UCC Disclaimer of / warranties , add a ( clause c ) .
13 In . / UCC Disclaimer of warranties , a add clause c ( ) .
I would add setoff language.
I would add language setoff .
I would setoff add language .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
St carol . EB 3889 713 Clair - 853 - 3989 ( Phone ) 713 - 646 - ( 3393 Fax carol ) . st clair . enron @ com .
St carol . Clair EB 3889 713 - - 853 ( Phone 3989 713 ) - 646 - ( 3393 Fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron com .
Marianne Castano@EES
Castano marianne @ EES
Marianne Castano EES @
05/30/2001 11:05 AM
/ 05 30 / 11 2001 : 05 AM
05 / 30 / 11 2001 : AM 05
Carol:
: carol
: carol
I have attempted to incorporate the changes that Jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ENA has suggested to date into the short form.
I have attempted to incorporate changes the that has Jim incorporated in our form long agreement power has which suggested ENA to date into short the form .
Have attempted I to incorporate the changes Jim that has incorporated in our form long power agreement which ENA has date suggested to into short the . form
Attached please find a sample short form (for the Con Ed market) for your review.
Attached find please form a sample short ( for the Con Ed market ) for review your .
Please find attached a sample form short ( the for Ed Con market ) for your review .
Please note the following as you review:
Note the please following as you review :
Please the note following you as review :
1. The short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to T&D and the like from the customer (and reflect same on our invoice) and pass those amounts on to the customer's utility.
. 1 The short do forms not contain the to optionality relating our performing billing services - - all of our midmarket anticipate forms that will we act as customer ' billing s agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to T & D and the like from the customer ( and on reflect same our ) invoice and pass those amounts on to the customer ' s utility .
1 . The short do forms not the contain optionality relating to our performing services billing - - all of midmarket our forms that anticipate we will act customer as ' s billing agent and that we collect will all amounts due related to T & D and the like from customer the ( reflect and same on our ) invoice and pass those amounts on to the customer ' s utility .
2. I did not include a "Setoff" provision in this draft, mainly because the vast majority of the time, we will not, nor will an affiliate, have another agreement in place with these customers.
2 . I did not include a " " Setoff provision in this draft mainly , because vast majority the time of the , we not will , will nor an affiliate , have another agreement in place customers with these .
2 . I not did include a " Setoff " in provision mainly this draft , because the vast majority of time the we , will not , nor an will affiliate , have another agreement in these place with customers .
If you feel strongly about our including a setoff provision, we will do so.
If you strongly feel about our including a provision setoff , we so will do .
If you strongly feel about including our a provision setoff , we do will so .
3. The change in law provision reads a bit differently from the long form -- the thinking here is that the long form language is very lengthy and rather harsh (and we've had great difficulty selling it in the past).
3 . The change law in provision reads bit a differently the from long form - the thinking - here is that the long form is language very lengthy and rather harsh ( and we ve ' great had difficulty it selling in past the ) .
3 . The change in law provision reads a bit differently from the long form - the - thinking here the is that long form language is very lengthy rather and ( harsh and we ' great ve had difficulty selling in it the past ) .
Taking into consideration this class of customer, we decided to include certain items, including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law, rules or practices as a "force majeure event" in an effort to soften the approach (see the GTCs).
Taking consideration into this of class customer , we to decided include certain items , including our inability to cover our due costs a to change in law rules , or as practices a " force majeure event " in an effort to soften the approach ( see the ) GTCs .
Into taking consideration this class customer of , we decided to certain items include , including inability to our cover our costs due to a change in law , rules practices or as " a force majeure event " in an effort to soften the approach ( see the GTCs ) .
Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again, more in the interest of "saving space" than anything else...
Also we do not address calculation of a payment in termination of the event a in change as the law long form does - - , again more in the of interest " saving space " anything than else . . .
We also do not address calculation of termination a payment the in event of a change law in as long the form does - - again , more interest in the of saving " space " than anything else . . .
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched.
Let us know your thoughts on document this and if you comfortable are our with using until such this as the time hybrid form is . launched
Us let know your thoughts on this document if and you comfortable are with our using this until such time hybrid as the is form launched .
If you are comfortable, we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms.
If are you , comfortable we drive these will changes into our other midmarket forms power .
You if are comfortable , will we drive these into changes our midmarket power other forms .
Thanks again for your help with this project,
Thanks for again your with help this project ,
Thanks again your for help this with project ,
Marianne
Marianne
Marianne
P.S. Please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and Jennifer Hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my "hiatus" -- I am moving to PA on Friday of this week, and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16.
P . S . be Please sure to copy Sarah Dietrich Jennifer and Hillegonds your on response - - will they taking be this during project my " hiatus " - - I am moving to on PA Friday of this week , and will be out pocket through of 7 approximately / 16 .
P . S . Please be sure Dietrich to copy Sarah and Jennifer Hillegonds on your response - - they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " - - I am moving to PA on of Friday week this , will be and out of pocket approximately through 7 / 16 .
I will start up again in mid-July...
Will I start up in again mid - . July . .
I start will up again in mid - July . . .
John:
: john
: john
I have faxed to you the form of Bond, our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master.
I faxed have to the you form of , Bond our Bond proposed provisions and EEI the Master .
Have I faxed to the you form Bond of , our proposed Bond and provisions the EEI . Master
I am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or e-mail.
I am on waiting the confirms will and send to you them by shortly fax or e - . mail
Am I waiting the on confirms and send will to them shortly you by fax e or - mail .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol st . Clair EB 713 3889 853 - - 3989 ( Phone ) - 713 646 - 3393 ( ) Fax . carol st . @ clair enron com .
St carol . EB Clair 3889 713 853 - - 3989 ( ) Phone - 713 646 3393 - Fax ( ) carol st . . @ clair enron . com
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol St . Clair EB 3889 713 853 - 3989 - ( ) Phone 713 646 - 3393 - ( Fax carol ) st . . @ clair . enron com
Carol st . Clair 3889 - EB 713 853 - 3989 Phone ( ) 713 - 646 3393 - ( Fax ) carol st . . @ clair enron . com
Carol St Clair
Carol Clair St
St carol Clair
05/31/2001 09:01 AM
05 / 31 / 2001 01 09 : AM
05 / 31 / : 2001 09 01 AM
Phyllis:
: phyllis
: phyllis
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable.
Letter our of credit would person be more comfortable if we all deleted of the language that makes the transferable LC .
Our letter of credit person be would if more comfortable we all deleted of language the makes that the LC transferable .
Are you okay with that?
Are you okay that with ?
Are you okay that with ?
If so, are we ready to execute?
If so , we are ready execute to ?
So if , are we to ready execute ?
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
St carol . Clair EB 713 3889 853 - - ( 3989 Phone ) 713 - - 646 ( 3393 ) Fax carol . st clair . enron @ . com
. carol St Clair EB 713 3889 - - 853 3989 ( Phone 713 ) - 646 - 3393 ( ) Fax carol . st clair . @ com enron .
lemelpe@NU.COM
@ lemelpe NU . COM
lemelpe NU @ . COM
05/30/2001 03:00 PM
/ 30 05 / 2001 03 : 00 PM
05 / 30 / 03 2001 : PM 00
Carol:
: carol
: carol
I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions.
That I understand we are still reviewing the attachment that the lists transactions open .
I understand that are we still the reviewing that attachment lists open the transactions .
How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC?
How are you out making on the revised version the of ? LOC
How are you out making on the version revised the of LOC ?
Marianne:
: marianne
: marianne
In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power Form, I think you should add a forward contract rep.
In addition other to my the comments on Mid Market Power Form , I think should you add forward a contract rep .
In to addition my other comments on the Market Mid Power I Form , think you should add forward a rep contract .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
St carol . Clair 3889 EB 713 853 - - 3989 Phone ( ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( ) Fax . carol st . enron clair @ com .
St carol . Clair EB 3889 713 - 853 3989 - Phone ( 713 ) - 646 - 3393 Fax ( ) carol . . st clair @ enron com .
Christie or Cass:
Christie or : Cass
Christie Cass or :
Are we playing tomorrow at 9:30?
Are playing we tomorrow 9 at : 30 ?
Are playing we at tomorrow 9 : 30 ?
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
St carol EB . 713 Clair 3889 - 853 - 3989 ( Phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( Fax ) . carol . st clair enron @ com .
St carol . Clair 3889 EB 713 - 853 - ( Phone 3989 713 ) - 646 3393 - ( Fax carol ) . . st @ clair enron . com
Rhonda:
: rhonda
: rhonda
As I mentioned in my e-mail, John Lepore at Select Energy (Settlements Group) is trying to reconcile our list with his list.
Mentioned I as in my e - mail , John Lepore at Energy Select ( Group Settlements ) trying is to our list reconcile with his list .
Mentioned as I in my e - mail John , at Energy Lepore Select ( Settlements Group ) is trying to reconcile our with list his . list
He needs more info about these trades (i.e., price info) and would like to talk with you about it.
Needs he more info about ( these trades . i e . , price info and ) would to talk like with you about it .
He needs more info about these trades ( i . e . , price info ) like and would talk to you about with it .
His number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com.
His number is 860 - - 665 e 2368 and - address mail is leporjj @ selectenergy . com .
His number is 860 - 665 and - 2368 - e mail leporjj address is @ . selectenergy com .
Once we agree on the list, we can sign the EEI Master.
We once the agree on list , can we sign the EEI Master .
Once agree we on the list we , can sign the EEI Master .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
St carol Clair . 3889 EB - 713 - 853 3989 ( ) Phone 713 - 646 - 3393 ( Fax carol ) st . . clair @ enron com .
Carol st . EB Clair - 3889 713 853 - ( 3989 ) Phone 713 - 646 - 3393 ( Fax ) . carol . st clair @ enron . com
Rhonda L Denton
L rhonda Denton
Rhonda Denton L
05/25/2001 12:45 PM
05 / 25 / 12 2001 : PM 45
25 05 / / 2001 12 : 45 PM
Here's everything that flows from 5/1/01 forward.
' here everything s that from flows / 5 1 / 01 forward .
Here ' that s everything flows from / 5 1 / forward 01 .
Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 12:01 PM
Carol St Clair 05 / 25 2001 / 12 : 01 PM
Carol st Clair 05 / / 25 2001 12 : 01 PM
We need to include all outstanding transactions.
Need we to include all outstanding . transactions
Need to we include all outstanding transactions .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
. carol St Clair EB 3889 - 713 853 - 3989 Phone ( ) 713 - 646 - 3393 Fax ( ) . st carol clair . enron @ . com
St carol Clair . EB 3889 713 853 - - ( 3989 713 Phone ) - 646 - ( 3393 Fax ) carol . st . @ clair enron com .
Rhonda L Denton
Rhonda Denton L
L rhonda Denton
05/25/2001 11:45 AM
05 / 25 / 11 2001 : AM 45
05 / 25 / 11 2001 45 : AM
Do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all of May since they have not been settled?
Do want you 6 / 1 / and forward 01 do or you want include all to of May since they have not been ? settled
You do 6 / want 1 / 01 and forward or you do to want include of all May since they have not settled been ?
Just let me know and I can send you a new attachment.
Just me let know and I send you can a new attachment .
Just let me and know I send can you a attachment new .
Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 10:56 AM
St Clair carol 05 / 25 / 10 2001 : 56 AM
Carol St 05 Clair / 25 / 2001 : 10 AM 56
Rhonda:
: rhonda
: rhonda
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version?
Attachment does A the Select to EEI Master need to be updated or is the that you version to sent me the version current ?
Does Attachment to the A EEI Select need Master to be updated is or version the that you sent to the me current version ?
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Clair carol St EB . 713 3889 - 853 3989 - ( Phone ) 646 713 - - 3393 ( Fax ) . carol st . clair @ enron . com
St carol . Clair 3889 EB - 713 - 853 3989 ( ) Phone 713 646 - - 3393 ( ) Fax . carol st . clair @ enron com .
lemelpe@NU.COM
lemelpe NU @ . COM
lemelpe @ NU COM .
05/25/2001 10:44 AM
05 / 25 / 10 2001 : AM 44
05 / 25 / : 2001 10 44 AM
Carol -
- carol
- carol
I think Valerie Mooney (our credit person) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC format.
I think Mooney Valerie ( credit our person ) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning LOC of the . format
Think I Valerie Mooney ( our credit person and ) Ed Sacks still are discussing some minor fine tuning of LOC format the .
I spoke to Bob Bruce this morning - we're all set on the language in the Schedule to the ISDA, and there is a minor credit/billing issue in Paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that Val will discuss with Ed as well.
Spoke I Bob to Bruce this morning - we ' re all on set the in language Schedule the the to ISDA , and there is a minor credit / billing issue in Paragraph related 13 to timing the of transfer interest of on that collateral Val will discuss with Ed as well .
I spoke to Bob Bruce morning this - we ' re all set on language the in the Schedule the to ISDA , there and is a minor credit / billing issue in 13 Paragraph to the related timing transfer of of interest on collateral that Val will with discuss as Ed well .
As far as the EEI goes, the only remaining issue that I'm aware of (aside from finalizing the LOC) is whether we've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions.
As far as EEI the goes , only the remaining that issue I ' m of aware ( aside from finalizing LOC the ) is whether we ' finished ve coordinating the Attachment the containing list of prior . transactions
As as far the goes EEI , the only remaining issue I that ' m aware of aside ( from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we ' ve finished coordinating the Attachment the containing of list prior transactions .
Sounds like we may actually get these documents executed early next week.
Sounds like we may these actually documents get executed early next week .
Sounds like we may actually get documents these executed early next week .
Phyllis Lemell
Lemell phyllis
Lemell phyllis
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
St carol . EB Clair 713 3889 853 - - 3989 ( Phone ) - 713 3393 646 - Fax ( ) carol st . . clair @ enron . com
Carol St 3889 . Clair EB 713 - 853 - ( 3989 Phone ) 713 646 - - 3393 ( Fax carol ) st . . @ clair enron com .
Rhonda L Denton
Rhonda Denton L
L rhonda Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 PM
06 / 01 / 03 2001 : PM 20
06 / 01 / 2001 03 PM : 20
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
I missing am Deal . No on 74419 your sheet .
Am I missing No Deal . on 74419 your sheet .
It is Enpower No. 295870.
Is Enpower it No . 295870 .
It is No Enpower . . 295870
Will fax.
Fax will .
Fax will .
Rhonda:
: rhonda
: rhonda
Thanks so much for your help on this.
Thanks so for much help your on this .
Thanks much so for your on help this .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
St carol . Clair 3889 EB 713 853 - 3989 - ( Phone ) 713 - 646 3393 - ( Fax carol ) . . st clair @ enron . com
Carol St Clair 3889 . EB 713 - 853 - Phone 3989 ( ) 713 - 646 3393 - Fax ( ) carol . st clair . @ enron com .
Rhonda L Denton
L rhonda Denton
Rhonda Denton L
06/01/2001 03:20 PM
06 / 01 / 03 2001 : PM 20
06 / / 01 2001 03 20 : PM
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
Am missing I No Deal . 74419 on your sheet .
I missing am Deal No . 74419 your sheet on .
It is Enpower No. 295870.
It No is Enpower . 295870 .
Is it Enpower . No 295870 .
Will fax.
Fax will .
Fax will .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol . St Clair EB 3889 713 - - 853 ( 3989 Phone ) - 713 646 - 3393 ( Fax carol ) st . clair . @ enron . com
St carol . 3889 Clair EB - 713 - 3989 853 ( Phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( Fax ) carol st . . clair enron @ com .
Rhonda L Denton
L rhonda Denton
Rhonda Denton L
06/01/2001 03:20 PM
06 / 01 2001 / 03 : PM 20
06 01 / / 03 2001 : 20 PM
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
I am Deal missing No 74419 . on sheet your .
I Deal missing am No . 74419 on your sheet .
It is Enpower No. 295870.
Is it Enpower . No 295870 .
It Enpower is No 295870 . .
Will fax.
Fax will .
Will . fax
Phyllis:
: phyllis
: phyllis
We can accept the language with your chnages.
We can accept with the language your chnages .
Accept we can the language with your chnages .
Are we ready to execute?
We are ready to execute ?
We are ready to execute ?
I am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow.
I am of out the office but today be will back tomorrow .
Am I out of the office will today but be back tomorrow .
Please call me.
Call please me .
Please me call .
thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol . Clair St 3889 EB 713 853 - - 3989 ( Phone ) 713 - 646 - Fax 3393 ( ) carol . . st clair @ . com enron
St carol . EB Clair 713 3889 - - 853 ( Phone 3989 ) 713 - - 646 3393 ( Fax ) carol . st clair . @ . enron com
lemelpe@NU.COM
lemelpe NU @ . COM
@ lemelpe NU . COM
06/04/01 08:38 AM
/ 06 04 / 01 08 : AM 38
06 / 04 01 / 08 : AM 38
Carol -
- carol
- carol
Our credit person doesn't understand why the transferability language needs to be eliminated.
Credit our person ' doesn t why understand the language transferability needs to be eliminated .
Credit our person doesn t ' understand the why transferability needs language to be eliminated .
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally.
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the process transfer that governs the letter credit of generally .
It simply refers to the same the ICC publication transfer for process that governs the letter of credit generally .
Is there some specific concern that we can address?
There some is concern specific that we can address ?
Is some there specific that concern can we address ?
Russell:
: russell
: russell
Your comments to the transfer agreement were fine.
Your comments the to transfer agreement fine were .
Comments your to transfer the agreement were fine .
With respect to the Guaranty, I will delete the Schedule.
With respect the Guaranty to , will I delete the Schedule .
With to respect the Guaranty , I will Schedule delete the .
Our system did not show any other chnages.
System our did not any show other chnages .
Our system did not show chnages any other .
Were there any?
There were any ?
There were any ?
Carol
Carol
Carol
Yes.
. yes
. yes
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol St . EB Clair 713 3889 853 - - ( 3989 Phone 713 ) 646 - 3393 - ( Fax carol ) . st . @ clair enron . com
St carol Clair . EB 713 3889 - 853 3989 - ( Phone ) - 713 646 - ( 3393 Fax ) carol . . st clair @ . com enron
All,
, all
, all
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.
See please the attached Interconnect Agreement Questar with .
Please the see Interconnect attached Agreement with Questar .
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.
I wanted you all to have a at look what we believe the final is draft .
Wanted I all you to have a at look what we is believe the final . draft
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.
Is it a standard fairly , fully reimbursable interconnect Questar with .
Is it a standard fairly , fully reimbursable with interconnect Questar .
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.
Transwestern will and own operate interconnect the .
Will own transwestern and operate the interconnect .
You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.
You will notice that Questar has a requested " Plan Payment " that when details they will pay Transwestern for interconnect the due to the recent Enron events .
Will that you notice Questar has requested " a Payment Plan that " details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due the recent to events Enron .
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.
Anyone if has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments , please give a me call .
If anyone any questions has or about concerns the timing of these payments , please me give a call .
Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.
Also , you will notice this interconnect may not subject be to the tax CIAC gross up , to but protect ourselves , we have added in language Para 3 . that protects 2 us if financially the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the tax CIAC .
Also , will you notice this interconnect may not be subject the to tax CIAC gross , up but to protect , ourselves we added have in language Para 3 . that 2 protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect subject is to the CIAC . tax
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.
Guthrie robert with tax the department has us worked with to develop this language .
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with to us develop this . language
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.
We hope to execute Agreement this this week .
Hope we to execute this Agreement week this .
If you have any comments, please let me know.
If have you comments any please , let me know .
You if have comments any , please let me . know
After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
Execution after , we will forward final a to copy you your for files .
After execution , we will forward final copy a to your you for files .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kim 713-853-3098
713 kim - 853 - 3098
Kim 713 - - 853 3098
<< File: Questar So Trails Hub Interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>
< < : Questar File So Trails Interconnect Hub 05 02 - - 02 . doc > >
< < File So : Questar Trails Interconnect Hub 02 - 05 - doc 02 . > >
Earl,
, earl
, earl
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).
We are at looking putting facilities the metering on ROW their ( also , think I we will to have purchase about 50ft of ROW ElPaso from to to get Questar ' s property ) .
We are looking putting the at metering facilities their on ROW ( also , think we I have will to about purchase 50ft of from ROW to ElPaso get to Questar s ' property ) .
As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.
As look you this at , for if some reason we cannot obtain , ElPaso ROW we will have to look at Plan B which would put be to the our metering ROW on .
As look you this at , if some for reason we cannot ElPaso obtain ROW , will we to have look at B Plan which would be the to put on metering our ROW .
Our in-service date is May 1.
In our - service date May is 1 .
In our - service is date May 1 .
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.
If you think that May may 1 difficult be due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with because us recent Enron of , events please let me know .
If you think May that 1 may difficult be to due the receiving / parts materials on a timely basis because of issues the that vendors have may with us because of recent events Enron , please let me know .
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.
Questar has already informed us that would they help obtain / parts materials to our specifications it if helps an achieve in - service of date 1 May .
Questar already has informed us they that would help parts obtain / our materials to if specifications it helps an achieve in - service of date May 1 .
Thanks, Kim.
, thanks Kim .
Thanks , . Kim
Kim
Kim
Kim
Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date?
Has a location , or Theirs land TW ROW / , settled been and when is required the in - date service ?
A has , location Theirs or land TW / ROW , been settled and when is the required in - service ? date
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Earl Chanley 505-625-8031
Chanley earl 505 - 625 8031 -
Earl - Chanley 505 625 - 8031
All,
, all
, all
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.
Please see the Interconnect attached with Agreement Questar .
Please see the attached Agreement Interconnect Questar with .
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.
Wanted I you all to have a what look at we believe the final is draft .
I all wanted you to have a at look what believe we is final the draft .
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.
It is standard a fairly , reimbursable fully interconnect with Questar .
Is it fairly a standard , fully reimbursable with interconnect Questar .
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .
Transwestern will operate own and the interconnect .
You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.
You notice will that Questar has requested a Payment " Plan that " details when will they Transwestern pay for interconnect the to due the recent events Enron .
Will notice you that Questar requested has a " Payment Plan " that when details they will pay for Transwestern interconnect the due the recent to Enron events .
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.
Anyone if has any or questions concerns about the timing of these payments , please give me a call .
If anyone has any or questions about concerns the timing these of payments , give please me a call .
Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.
Also , will you notice this interconnect may not be to subject the CIAC tax gross up , but protect to ourselves , we have added language Para in 3 . protects that us financially the if IRS ever comes back to that determine this is subject interconnect to CIAC the tax .
Also you , will this notice interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we added have language in 3 that Para . protects financially us if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject the to CIAC tax .
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.
Robert with Guthrie the tax has department worked with us to develop this language .
Robert Guthrie with tax the has department worked with to develop us this language .
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.
Hope we to execute this Agreement week this .
Hope we to execute Agreement this this week .
If you have any comments, please let me know.
If you have comments any , please let know . me
You if have any comments , please me know let .
After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
After execution , forward will we a final copy you to for your files .
Execution after we , will forward a copy final to you for files your .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kim 713-853-3098
713 kim - 853 - 3098
Kim 713 - - 853 3098
<< File: Questar So Trails Hub Interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>
< File < : So Trails Hub Questar Interconnect 02 - 05 02 - . doc > >
< < : File Trails Questar So Hub Interconnect 02 - 05 02 - . > doc >
Are you back in the office yet?
Are back you in the office ? yet
You are in back the office yet ?
We've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday, May 24 to Newark/Rome and returning on Sunday, June 9 from Rome to Newark/Houston.
' we ve booked tickets Italy week this for Houston departing on Friday May , 24 Newark to / Rome returning on and Sunday , 9 June Rome from to Newark / Houston .
' we ve Italy booked tickets week this departing on for Houston Friday , May to Newark 24 / Rome and returning on Sunday June , 9 from Rome to Newark Houston / .
Ticket price was $1,183 per ticket.
Ticket was price $ 1 , ticket 183 per .
Price was $ ticket 1 , 183 per ticket .
Paul and Judy are on board.
Paul and are Judy on . board
Paul Judy and on are board .
Can you and Tom join us?
Can you join and Tom us ?
You can Tom and join us ?
Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg.
And janell not Dennis will able be to anywhere go in 2002 due to Janell ' broken s leg .
Janell and Dennis will not be able go to anywhere 2002 due in to Janell ' s leg broken .
Please call me, let's discuss.
Please call me let , ' discuss s .
Please call , me let ' discuss s .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kim X33098
X33098 kim
X33098 kim
John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.
John , sorry for the response , late but think I you can implement . immediately
John , for late sorry response the , but I think you can implement immediately .
I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks!
I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed ( don I ' t if remember you were there not or ) but I ' m thinking that may you have proceeded already ahead for implementation which great is , thanks !
I was a in meeting last week and this was discussed ( I don ' t remember if you there were or not ) but I ' thinking m that you may have proceeded already ahead for implementation is which , great thanks !
Kim.
. kim
. kim
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use, I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates.
The telephony group the has new TW number Hotline extensions and for ready use , have I the solution center entering the greetings and Terry has a Kowalke new and form procedure the for Customer Service Reps . use to for updates .
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready use for , have I solution the the center entering and greetings Terry a Kowalke has new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps . to use . for updates
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number?
Much how notification you would to give like the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number ?
How much notification would you to like give the TW implementing customers before the TW new Hotline phone number ?
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers.
We do can a Popup along notification with changing the on number the Web page , we can also out put a which Critical message will an send Email to customers .
We can do a Popup along notification changing the with number on the Web page , we can put out also a message Critical which will send an Email customers to .
Do you think we need to do more?
Do you we think need to more do ?
Do you we think need do to more ?
Thanks: John Buchanan
Thanks : Buchanan John
Thanks : Buchanan John
Yes, thanks.
Yes , . thanks
, yes thanks .
I was aware.
I was . aware
I aware was .
I just couldn't remember if it was you or Terry.
I just ' t couldn remember if it was you Terry or .
I couldn just ' t remember if it was or Terry you .
Thanks, Kim.
Thanks , . Kim
, thanks Kim .
Kim,
, kim
, kim
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email.
New Hotline TW the was implemented which Monday included customer notification in the form of a Popup in message TMS and a Critical Notice sent an which Email .
The new TW was Hotline implemented which Monday included customer notification in form the a of message Popup in TMS and Critical a Notice which Email sent an .
The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044.
The new number Hotline phone is - 713 853 - 3044 .
The new phone Hotline number is 713 853 - - . 3044
I was under the impression that Terry Kowalke had notified you of the implementation, TK was also made aware.
I under was the impression Terry that Kowalke had of notified the you , implementation TK was also made aware .
Was I the under impression Terry that Kowalke had notified you the of , implementation was TK also made aware .
John Buchanan
Buchanan john
Buchanan john
John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.
, john for sorry the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .
, john sorry for the late response , but I you think can implement immediately .
I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks!
I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed ( I don ' t if remember you there were or not but ) I ' m thinking that you may have already ahead proceeded implementation for is which great , thanks !
Was I in meeting a last week and this was discussed ( I don ' t you remember if were there or not ) but I ' thinking m that you may already have ahead proceeded implementation for which is great , thanks !
Kim.
. kim
. kim
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use, I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates.
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready use for , have I the center solution greetings entering the and Terry Kowalke has a form and procedure new for Customer the Service Reps . to use updates for .
Telephony the group has the new TW Hotline and number extensions for ready use , I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and for procedure the Customer Service Reps use . to for updates .
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number?
How much would notification you to give like the customers TW implementing before the new TW Hotline number phone ?
Much how you notification would like give the to TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline number phone ?
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers.
We can do Popup a notification along with the changing on number the Web page , can we also out put a Critical message will which an send customers Email to .
Do we Popup can a notification along with changing the on number Web the page , we can also put a out message Critical which will an send Email to customers .
Do you think we need to do more?
Do you we think need do to more ?
Do you we need think to do more ?
Thanks: John Buchanan
: thanks John Buchanan
: thanks John Buchanan
Here it is.
It here is .
Here is it .
K.
. k
. k
See the attached spreadsheet.
See attached the spreadsheet .
See the attached . spreadsheet
Let me know if you have any questions.
Let know me if you have questions any .
Let know me if have you any questions .
Jan,
, jan
, jan
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago.
Numbers these are slightly different from the ones put you a together few ago weeks .
Numbers these are slightly different from ones the you put together few a ago weeks .
Are you comfortable with the difference?
You are comfortable the with difference ?
You are comfortable with difference the ?
Any thoughts?
Thoughts any ?
Thoughts any ?
No hurry, I was just wondering.
No hurry I , was wondering just .
No , hurry I was wondering just .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kim.
. kim
. kim
Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report.
Is the attached TW Ten Top Shippers Revenues by the for year 2001 to be in reported the Browncover report .
Attached is the TW Top Ten by Shippers Revenues for the 2001 year be to reported in Browncover the report .
Note:
: note
: note
Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $180.9m.
Transportation total invoiced for was 2001 $ . 180 9m .
Total transportation for invoiced 2001 $ was 180 . . 9m
The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is $165.9m.
Amount of the transportation revenues recorded in general the ledger $ is 165 . 9m .
Amount the transportation of revenues in recorded the ledger general is $ 165 . 9m .
This difference is mainly due to the following:
This is difference mainly due to following the :
This difference mainly is due the to following :
$10.0m - negotiated rates reserve(Reliant,Sempra, Richardson, Astr,and BP Energy) - $collected
$ 0m 10 . negotiated - rates ( Reliant reserve , Sempra , Richardson , Astr and , BP Energy ) - collected $
$ 10 0m . - rates negotiated reserve ( , Reliant Sempra , Richardson Astr , , and BP Energy ) - collected $
$ 2.7m - SoCal rate issue - $not collected
$ 2 . 7m - SoCal rate issue - $ collected not
$ 2 . - 7m SoCal rate issue - not collected $
$ 1.8m - additional month of PGE revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $collected
$ 1 . - 8m additional month of PGE revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in - 2001 $ collected
$ . 1 8m - month additional of revenues due PGE to invoicing prepayment beginning 2001 in - $ collected
Revenues for these customers were adjusted according.
For revenues these customers were according adjusted .
Revenues for these were adjusted customers according .
Also, revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly.
Also , revenues the for shippers released volumes acquiring from PGE at rates above ' TW s tariff were rates accordingly adjusted .
Also , revenues the for acquiring shippers released volumes from PGE at rates above TW ' s tariff were rates accordingly adjusted .
Please call me at x36709 if there are questions
Call please me at x36709 if there questions are
Please call me at x36709 if questions there are
thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
richard
richard
richard
Kyle,
, kyle
, kyle
Sorry for not sending this yesterday.
Not sorry for sending this yesterday .
Sorry not sending for this yesterday .
Monday's are always tough.
Monday ' are s tough always .
' monday s are tough always .
Please review and let me know what you think.
Please review and let me know you what think .
Please and review me let what know you think .
Let's talk before I leave town next Wednesday.
Let ' s talk I before town leave Wednesday next .
Let s ' talk before I town leave Wednesday next .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kim.
. kim
. kim
Kim,
, kim
, kim
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday.
Is here Job the Description and the Operational for Accountabilities the position to I mentioned you last Sunday .
Is here Job the and Description the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned you last to Sunday .
As you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships.
You as can see will it take someone some with good very in skills organizing and interpersonal relationships .
As you can see will it with take someone some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships .
It will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey.
It will also require someone is fairly mature who in their own journey spiritual .
It will also require someone fairly is who mature their in own spiritual journey .
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and/or send me their resume.
You if someone who know might fit the bill them ask to me contact and / or send their me resume .
If someone you who know fit might the bill ask them to contact me and / send or me their . resume
See you Sunday.
See you . Sunday
You see Sunday .
Tom
Tom
Tom
Thomas W. Daugherty Vice President for Spiritual Care Methodist Health Care System 6565 Fannin Street, D-200 Houston, Texas 77030-2707 Office: 713-793-1429 Page: 281-735-5919 Cell: 713-819-2784 Fax: 713-790-2605
Thomas W . Daugherty Vice President for Spiritual Methodist Care Health Care Street System 6565 Fannin , D 200 - Houston , Texas 77030 - 2707 Office : - 713 793 - Page 1429 : 281 - 735 5919 - Cell : 713 - 819 - 2784 Fax : 713 - - 2605 790
Thomas W . Daugherty Vice for President Spiritual Methodist Health Care Care 6565 System Fannin Street , D - 200 , Texas Houston - 77030 Office 2707 : 713 - 793 - 1429 Page : 281 - 735 - 5919 Cell : 713 - 819 2784 - Fax : 713 - 790 2605 -
Mansoor,
, mansoor
, mansoor
Let's discuss.
Let ' discuss s .
Let ' discuss s .
Kim.
. kim
. kim
Kim
Kim
Kim
The in-service date of May 1, will be very difficult to attain.
In the - service date May of 1 , will be very difficult to attain .
The - in service of date 1 May , will be very difficult attain to .
Since the bankruptcy filing, vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid (Daniels, Fisher, Rosemont, other).
Since the , bankruptcy filing vendors have very been reluctant to material ship to prior being it ( prepaid Daniels , Fisher Rosemont , , other ) .
Bankruptcy since the filing vendors been , have very reluctant ship to material prior to being it prepaid ( , Daniels Fisher , Rosemont , other ) .
These are the vendors of instrumentation required for the interconnect.
Are these the vendors instrumentation required of for the interconnect .
These are vendors of the required instrumentation for the interconnect .
Questar may be able to purchase material, but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery.
May questar be able purchase material to , but some of items the can have to up a day 60 delivery .
May questar be able to purchase material , but of some items the have can up to a 60 day delivery .
(From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most.
( PA From time approved and funded to in - service be will 75 at days . most
( From time PA approved and funded - to in service 75 will be at days most .
We have worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone.
We have with worked Daniels on a on another chromatograph project prepayment has and taken 45 days alone .
Have we worked with Daniels on a on chromatograph another prepayment project and has taken 45 days . alone
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered.
Is daniels up not set prepayments for as they bill an off invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for chromatograph a that not had been delivered .
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as bill they off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to an create invoice for a chromatograph that not had been delivered .
Not the usual mode of operations.
The not usual of mode operations .
Not the usual mode of operations .
The I/C design is for a UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( Canada or Kansas are the only two places to test to 100% of design).
/ the I C design is for UltraSonic a meter this and is dependent their schedule on testing ( Canada or Kansas are the two only places to to test 100 % of ) design .
I the / design C for is a and UltraSonic meter this is dependent on testing their ( schedule or Canada Kansas are the only two places to test 100 to % design of ) .
Will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic ASAP.
Will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic . ASAP
Will confirm testing and schedule delivery with dates ASAP UltraSonic .
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in-service date possible, but with conditions as they are, a realistic date would be June 15, 2002.
Will we try to complete / the I with C the earliest in - service date possible , but with as they conditions are , realistic a date be would 15 June 2002 , .
We will try to the complete I / with C the in earliest - date service possible with , but as conditions they are , a realistic would date be June 15 , 2002 .
If you have questions or issues, please let me know.
If questions you have or issues , please let me . know
If you have questions issues or please , let know me .
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
Earl Chanley 505-625-8031
Chanley earl 505 - 625 8031 -
Chanley earl 505 - 625 8031 -
Earl,
, earl
, earl
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).
We are looking at putting the facilities metering on ROW their also ( , think I we have will to purchase about 50ft of from ROW to ElPaso get to Questar s ' property ) .
Are we at looking putting the metering on their facilities ROW ( also , I think we will to have purchase about 50ft of ROW ElPaso from to to Questar get ' s property ) .
As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.
As you look at , this if for some we reason cannot obtain ROW ElPaso , we will have look to at B Plan would which be to put the metering our ROW on .
As you look this at , reason if some for cannot we obtain ElPaso , ROW we will have look to Plan at B which would be to put the metering our on ROW .
Our in-service date is May 1.
In our - service date is 1 May .
In our - date service is May 1 .
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.
You if think that May may 1 be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials a timely on of basis the because issues that may vendors have with us because recent of Enron events , let please me know .
If you that think May 1 may be due difficult to receiving the parts / on materials a timely basis because the of issues vendors may that have us with because of Enron recent , events please let know me .
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.
Questar has already us informed they that help would obtain parts / materials to our if specifications it helps an in achieve - service date of May 1 .
Questar already has informed us that they would help obtain parts / our materials to it specifications if achieve an helps in - service date of 1 May .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Kim.
. kim
. kim
Listening to the Edison call w/investors Edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ("big bang" approach) sometime in Q1'02.
Listening to the Edison w call / investors Edison says they pay will everyone at same the ( time " big " bang approach ) Q1 sometime in ' 02 .
Listening to the call Edison w / Edison investors they says will everyone pay at the same ( time " bang big " ) approach in sometime Q1 ' . 02
My concern is that between now and then Dunn, the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief, which could be detrimental to generators/marketers' claims.
Concern my is that between and then now Dunn , have the AG the and time resources to a make of heckuvalot mischief , could which be detrimental generators to / marketers ' claims .
Concern is that my now between and then Dunn , the AG have the and time resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , could which be to detrimental generators / marketers ' . claims
Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators--asking about haircuts in particular--and Edison is side-stepping the questions.
Are investors asking Edison what intends for and QFs generators - - about asking in haircuts particular - - and is Edison side - stepping the questions .
Are investors asking what Edison intends QFs for and generators - - asking about haircuts particular in - and - is Edison - stepping side questions the .
Great.
. great
. great
Figured they'd contacted them, but wanted to make sure.
Figured they ' contacted d them but , to wanted make sure .
Figured they ' d contacted , them but wanted make sure to .
You know when the meeting with schedulers will be?
When you know the with meeting schedulers will be ?
Know you when meeting the schedulers with will be ?
I apologize, I'm on the road and haven't heard when that will be.
I apologize , ' I on m road the haven and ' t heard when that be will .
I apologize , I ' m the on road and ' t haven heard when that will be .
I'm thinking that I may want to attend.
I ' m that thinking I may want to attend .
' I m thinking that I want to may attend .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Thanks for the info - a few people from our shop will be in attendance./
Thanks the info for - few a people from our shop will be in attendance . /
Thanks for info the - few a from people our shop be in will attendance . /
If you haven't heard, SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs.
You haven if ' t heard SoCal , ' s announced their abandoning windows OFOs . for
Haven if you ' t heard , SoCal ' s their announced windows for abandoning OFOs .
They're holding "workshops" on how it will all work soon.
They ' holding re " " workshops on how will all it work soon .
They ' re holding " " workshops how on it will work soon all .
I'll get you the announcement.
' I ll you get the announcement .
Ll I ' get you the announcement .
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Probing the 'palace coup'
The probing ' palace coup '
The probing ' palace coup '
Electricity: A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president.
Electricity : A panel focuses price on hikes and the the actions of president ISO .
: electricity panel A focuses on price and hikes the actions the of ISO president .
September 26, 2001
26 september , 2001
September , 26 2001
By KIMBERLY KINDY
KIMBERLY by KINDY
KIMBERLY by KINDY
The Orange County Register
The Orange Register County
The County Orange Register
SACRAMENTO
SACRAMENTO
SACRAMENTO
A state Senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage California's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices.
A state Senate committee is today set start to serving 16 on subpoenas electricity producers officials and manage who California ' energy s determine grid to whether acted they in concert manipulate to energy prices .
A state Senate committee is set today to start 16 serving subpoenas electricity on producers officials and California who manage s ' grid energy to determine whether they acted in to concert prices manipulate energy .
The investigative committee, headed by state Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana, is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough Shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the Capitol: "the palace coup."
Investigative the committee , headed by Sen state Joe . Dunn , D - Santa Ana , is on focusing a series of events last fall filled enough with Shakespearean plot twists and that intrigue has it earned a name around the Capitol : " the coup palace . "
The investigative committee , headed by state Sen Joe . Dunn , D - Santa Ana , is focusing on a series of events fall last filled enough with Shakespearean plot and twists that intrigue it earned has name the a around Capitol : " the coup palace . "
Lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events - directed by the man who heads the state's energy grid - fueled the California energy crisis, pushed the state into the power-buying business and helped make billions of dollars for power producers.
And lawmakers groups consumer allege that events the - directed by the man who heads state the ' s energy grid - the fueled California energy crisis , pushed the the state into power - buying business and helped make billions of dollars for producers power .
Lawmakers and consumer allege groups the events that directed - by man the who the heads ' state s energy - grid fueled the California energy , crisis pushed the state into the power - buying business and helped make of billions dollars for power producers .
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System Operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge.
The central question behind palace the coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent Operator System , acted alone when he took steps remove price to key caps designed limit to the amount power generators could charge .
The central question the behind palace coup is whether Winter Terry , the president of the Independent System Operator , alone acted when took steps he to key remove price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50-page request to remove the caps, records and interviews show.
Winter defied his board own and . Gov Gray Davis when filed he a 50 - page request to the caps remove records , interviews and . show
Winter defied his own board Gov and . Gray when Davis filed a he 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .
"I don't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort," said Dunn.
" don I ' t know how these events have could taken place some without concerted effort , " Dunn said .
" I don t how ' know these events have could taken place some without concerted effort , " said . Dunn
The subpoenas will force those involved, including Winter, to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee, and to turn over e-mails, personal calendars and memos.
Will the subpoenas force involved those , Winter including , sworn to provide testimony the about to the events committee , and to turn over e mails - , personal calendars and memos .
The subpoenas force will those , involved including Winter , to provide sworn about testimony events to the the committee , and to turn over e - mails , personal calendars and memos .
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt "betrayed" by the actions of Winter.
Spokesman Steve davis Maviglio said the governor felt " betrayed " by actions the of Winter .
Spokesman davis Steve Maviglio said the felt governor " " betrayed the by actions Winter of .
"The governor believes it was the defining moment, when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis," Maviglio said.
" The believes governor it was the defining moment , when what mounting was a turned problem into instant an crisis , " Maviglio said .
" The governor believes it was the defining , moment when was what mounting problem a turned into an crisis instant , Maviglio " . said
Winter refused comment, referring all questions to the public relations office.
Refused winter comment , all referring questions to the relations public office .
Refused winter comment , referring questions all to the public office relations .
ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said Dunn's committee will find no criminal conduct.
spokesman ISO Gregg Fishman Dunn said s ' committee will find criminal no conduct .
ISO spokesman Fishman said Gregg Dunn ' s committee will find no criminal conduct .
The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind: to keep the lights on.
Decision the was made by upper ISO management with in one goal mind : the to keep lights on .
Decision the was by made ISO upper with management goal one in mind to : keep lights the on .
At the time, generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps.
The at time , generators were to refusing sell power in because California of the price caps .
At time the generators , were sell refusing to power in California because of the caps price .
"It was an emergency," Fishman said.
" It was an emergency , " Fishman . said
It " an was emergency , " said Fishman .
"We had to take action.''
" We to had take . action ' '
" We had to take action . ' '
What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power.
What became as known the palace coup began on Oct . board 26 ISO when members voted for severe restrictions the on of amount electricity money producers charge could for power .
What as became known the began palace coup on . Oct 26 ISO when board members voted for severe restrictions the on amount money of electricity producers could charge for . power
The restrictions would drive prices as low as $65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier.
Would the restrictions drive prices as low as $ 65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the 750 $ megawatt limits of per seven months earlier .
The would restrictions drive prices as as low $ 65 per megawatt 12 - nearly below times the $ per 750 limits megawatt seven of months earlier .
"They (electricity generators) grinned and beared the $750 price cap, but this new plan by ISO was too much," said Dunn, whose committee has been investigating since March.
They " ( electricity generators grinned ) beared and $ the 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO too was much , " Dunn said , whose committee has investigating since been March .
" They ( electricity generators grinned ) and beared the $ 750 cap price , this but by new plan was ISO much too , " said , Dunn committee has whose been investigating since March .
"All hell broke loose.''
All " hell loose broke . ' '
All " hell broke . loose ' '
Records show that on Oct. 31, power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, demanding that the new plan be killed.
Show records that on . Oct 31 , generators and power electricity traders filed letters the with Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , demanding the that new plan be . killed
Records show that on Oct . 31 , generators power and electricity traders filed letters with the Energy Federal Regulatory Commission , demanding the new plan killed that be .
The letters, six in all, were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators.
Letters the , six in , were all sent two within hours of each other represented and dozens of generators power .
Letters the , all six in , were sent within two hours of each and other dozens represented of power . generators
"If not removed immediately, the (ISO) price cap will sow confusion in the market, threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity,'' read one letter written by Duke Energy Vice President William Hall III.
" If not removed immediately , ( the ISO ) price cap will sow in confusion market the , threaten reliability and stifle new investment in capacity generating , ' ' one read letter written Duke by Energy President Vice Hall William III .
" not If removed immediately , the ( ISO ) price cap will confusion sow in the market threaten , reliability stifle and new investment in generating capacity , ' read ' letter one written by Duke Energy Vice William President Hall . III
Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps, Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials.
There nothing although is illegal about the acting generators together to lobby against , price caps Dunn believes the letters other and around actions the same time showed clear among coordination energy . officials
Although there is nothing the illegal generators about to acting together lobby against price caps Dunn , believes letters the and actions other around same the time showed clear coordination energy among officials .
He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to "fix" prices, which would violate federal trade laws.
He the said main aim the of subpoenas will to be determine collusion whether to occurred " fix " prices , would which violate federal laws . trade
Said he the main aim of the subpoenas be will to determine whether occurred collusion " to " fix prices , which violate federal would laws trade .
In the Oct. 31 letters, electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps weren't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market.
The in Oct 31 . letters , electricity producers federal told that officials price if caps weren ' removed t it lead would to collapse a of the energy . market
In the Oct . 31 letters , electricity told producers federal officials if caps that price ' weren t removed it would lead to collapse a of the market energy .
The generators got their way.
The generators got way their .
The generators got way their .
The next day, the federal commission killed the new pricing plan.
Next the day , the commission federal killed the new pricing . plan
The next day the , federal killed commission the new plan pricing .
What was left in place was a $250 price cap established five months earlier.
What was left place in was a $ 250 price cap established months five earlier .
Left what was in place a was $ price 250 cap established five months earlier .
Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap, saying they couldn't make a profit even under these constraints.
Power producers then their attention turned toward killing that cap , saying couldn they make ' t a profit even under these constraints .
Producers power their then turned attention toward killing cap that saying , they couldn ' t make a profit even under these constraints .
They began to withhold power from California, and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts, which were narrowly averted.
Began to they withhold power from , California and on Dec . 7 the declared ISO its first Stage emergency 3 and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .
Began to they withhold power from California and , on . 7 Dec the ISO declared its first Stage 3 and emergency braced for blackouts , were which narrowly averted .
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis.
Followed what next the day is considered by the and governor Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the crisis energy .
What the followed next by day is considered the governor and Dunn to be pivotal the moment of the crisis energy .
Winter, who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the ISO, submitted a 50-page emergency request, asking federal officials to abolish the $250 price cap.
Winter , his who in position as president and chief operating of officer the , ISO a submitted 50 - page emergency request , to asking officials federal abolish the $ 250 cap price .
, winter who in as his position president and chief of operating officer ISO the , submitted a 50 - page emergency request , asking federal officials to abolish the 250 $ price . cap
Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government.
Final authority over lifting the cap with rested government the federal .
Final authority over lifting the rested cap the federal with government .
Neither the ISO board, which had established the price cap, nor the governor learned of Winter's actions until the cap had been removed.
The neither ISO board which , had the price established cap , nor the governor Winter learned of ' actions s until the cap had been . removed
Neither the board ISO , which the had established price cap , nor the learned governor of Winter ' s actions until the cap had been removed .
In fact, the attorney who helped draft the emergency request, Charles Robinson, was in a meeting with representatives of the governor and ISO board members just hours before the filing was made.
In fact , who the attorney helped the draft emergency request Charles , Robinson , a was in meeting with representatives of the governor and ISO members board hours just before filing the made was .
In fact , attorney the helped who draft emergency the request , Robinson Charles , was a in with meeting representatives of the governor and ISO board members just the hours before filing was made .
He didn't mention anything about it.
He didn ' mention t anything it about .
He didn ' mention t about anything it .
"In retrospect, we should have told them,'' Robinson said.
" In retrospect , we should told have them , ' ' said Robinson .
" , In retrospect we should told have them , ' ' Robinson . said
With the price caps gone, the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs.
With the caps price gone , the generators paperwork filed federal with justifying higher regulators costs .
With the price caps gone , the paperwork generators filed with federal regulators higher justifying costs .
"The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor's key energy advisers with poker faces, not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment,'' Maviglio said.
" ISO The staff sat in meeting a the with ' governor s advisers key energy with poker faces , saying not a word something about was that going on at exact the same moment , ' ' Maviglio said .
" The ISO staff a in sat meeting with the governor s ' key energy with advisers poker faces , saying word not a about something that was going on the at exact same moment , ' Maviglio ' said .
"It was beyond belief that they failed to mention something so significant.
" It was beyond that belief they to failed mention something so significant .
" was It beyond belief that they failed to something so significant mention .
This action accelerated the utilities' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power-buying business."
Action accelerated this the utilities ' move toward and bankruptcy forced the governor the to move into state power the - buying business . "
This action accelerated the utilities ' move bankruptcy and forced toward the governor to move the state into the power - buying business . "
Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $249 a megawatt to $700 a megawatt within three days, ISO records show.
Prices for electricity from jumped an a average of $ 249 megawatt to $ 700 a megawatt within three days , ISO records show .
Prices for electricity jumped from an of average $ a 249 megawatt to $ 700 megawatt a three within days ISO , records show .
Dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $30 billion.
Dunn resulting believes the overcharges for electricity exceeded 30 $ billion .
Dunn believes the resulting overcharges exceeded for electricity 30 $ billion .
Robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt Californians.
Robinson the said filing - granted hours two after the request - helped rather hurt than Californians .
Robinson said the filing - granted two hours the request after - helped rather hurt than Californians .
Prices, he said, did not spike as a result.
Prices , said he , not did spike a as result .
Prices he , said , did spike as not a result .
Instead they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricity.
They instead followed the price skyrocketing of natural gas - is which used run to power generate plants to electricity .
Instead followed they the skyrocketing price of gas natural - is which used run to plants power to generate . electricity
Robinson said the emergency order allowed the ISO to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials.
Robinson the said emergency allowed order ISO the to secure refunds should electricity overcharges for be to proven federal officials .
Robinson said the order emergency allowed ISO the to secure refunds overcharges should electricity for proven to be federal officials .
"We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson said.
" believe We the we action took a addressed concern severe , ' ' said Robinson .
" We believe the action we took addressed severe a concern , ' Robinson ' . said
"In our view, we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation.
" In our view , did we not believe we changed worse made or the situation financial .
Our " In view , we did not we believe made changed or worse the financial situation .
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund."
We felt made we better it because a it introduced for process review and refund . "
We felt we made it better because it a introduced process for review and . refund "
Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators, said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap.
Smutney jan - Jones , who the was board chairman ISO at the time and executive director a of group that represents generators power , said Winter did consult not about the him eliminating price cap .
Jan Smutney - Jones who , the was ISO chairman board at the executive time director and of a group that power represents generators said , Winter did not consult about him the eliminating price cap .
Smutney-Jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power-generating community being consulted.
- smutney Jones also said was he unaware of anyone in the - power community generating consulted being .
Smutney - also said he Jones unaware was of anyone in the power - generating being community consulted .
"Terry did this by himself,'' said Smutney-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producers.
" did Terry this himself by , ' ' - said Smutney Jones executive , director of Independent the Energy Producers .
" Terry did by this , himself ' ' said Smutney - Jones , executive director the Independent Energy Producers of .
"He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing."
" did He he what thought had to done at be the to time keep the flowing power . "
He " did what he thought had to be at done the time to the keep power . flowing "
The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions.
The board ISO called an emergency meeting the next week demanding explain actions Winter his .
The ISO called board emergency an meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions .
Some board members pushed to have Winter removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the governor's spokesman Maviglio said.
Board some pushed members to have Winter removed but , concerns there were such action would lead more to chaos , the governor ' s spokesman Maviglio said .
Board some pushed members have to Winter removed , but there were concerns action such would lead chaos to more , the governor ' s spokesman Maviglio said .
James J. Hoecker, the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman, defended making the December decision and also defended Winter.
James j . Hoecker , the Energy former Federal Regulatory Commission chairman , defended making the and December decision also defended Winter .
James Hoecker J . , the former Federal Energy Regulatory chairman Commission , defended making the decision December also and Winter defended .
"They filed an emergency motion, and we were not about to let California go dark,'' Hoecker said.
" They an filed emergency motion , we and not were about let to go dark California , ' ' Hoecker said .
" They filed emergency motion an , and we were not to let about go California dark , ' Hoecker ' said .
"They (ISO management) did what any independent system operator would do."
They " ( ISO management ) what did independent any system would operator do . "
" ( They ISO management ) what did any operator independent system would do . "
What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired.
Dunn what ' s committee hopes learn to why is all events these transpired .
What Dunn s ' committee hopes to learn is all these why transpired events .
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues.
He believes memos and e around - mails of the time Winter ' s Dec . actions 8 should vital provide clues .
He believes memos and e - around mails the time of ' Winter s Dec 8 . actions should provide clues vital .
"We don't know why he did what he did, but we are eager to find out," Dunn said.
" We don ' t know why did he what he , did but are we eager to out find , Dunn " said .
" We don ' t know why he did he what did , but are we to eager out find , " said Dunn .
"Terry said he made that filing in the interest of Californians, but I find that argument has no basis in fact.''
" said he Terry made that filing in the interest of , Californians but find I that argument in has no basis fact . ' '
" said Terry he made that the in filing interest Californians of , but I find argument that has basis no in fact . ' '
We should resurrect Mike Smith's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one.
We should resurrect Mike ' Smith s and get note him on call the the in attempt avoid to recreating wheel the on this one .
Should we resurrect Mike ' Smith s note get and on him in the call the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this . one
I can dig it up if you'd like.
Can I dig it if up you ' like d .
Can I dig it up if you ' like . d
Sue and Jeff --
Sue Jeff and - -
Sue and - Jeff -
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA (for customers already on DA).
Am I having a meeting with Vicki Dietrich Janet and Thursday to on discuss our view the on ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( customers for on already ) DA .
I a am having with meeting Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view the ability on extend to our current in contracts ( CA for customers already on DA ) .
Can we discuss this today or soon thereafter.
Can we discuss this today soon or . thereafter
Can we this discuss or today soon thereafter .
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this (maybe?) and our #1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state.
My take that is the UDCs be will to indifferent this ( maybe ? ) and our 1 # to priority is work get to the PG & E model adopted across the . state
Take my is that UDCs the will be to indifferent this maybe ( ? ) and # our 1 is priority to work to get PG the & E model adopted across the . state
Any news on how SCE and SDG&E will move forward?
News any on how SCE and & SDG E will move ? forward
Any on news SCE how SDG and & E will move forward ?
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Sounds good.
Good sounds .
Sounds . good
I suggest a "blind draw" on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golf, and as for the wager, no emails from the losing team for one week!
Suggest I a " blind " on draw , the teams ball best not scramble on the golf and , as for the wager , no emails from the losing team for week one !
Suggest I a " draw blind " the on , teams ball best not on scramble golf the , as and for the wager , no emails from the team for losing one week !
Is there any question?
There is any question ?
Is there question any ?
I'll leave to Steve to structure the deal.
I ' ll leave to to Steve structure the . deal
I ' ll leave to Steve to deal structure . the
As I recall, Montavano, Shapiro and I usually make up one team, but I'm willing to switch around a bit.
As I , recall Montavano Shapiro and , I make usually one up team , I but ' m willing to switch a around bit .
I as recall , Montavano , and Shapiro I make usually up team one , but ' m I to willing switch around a bit .
Best,
, best
, best
Jeff
Jeff
Jeff
Are you playing golf?
Are you golf playing ?
Are you golf playing ?
And if yes, what's the game and wager???
Yes and if what , s ' the game and wager ? ? ?
If and yes , ' what s the and wager game ? ? ?
Jim
Jim
Jim
"Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com>
" Neal S Manne . " < @ NMANNE SusmanGodfrey . > com
" Neal S . " Manne < NMANNE @ SusmanGodfrey . com >
11/28/2000 06:16 PM
/ 11 / 28 2000 06 : 16 PM
11 / 28 / 2000 16 06 : PM
It's a two way street, of course.
' it a s two way street , of . course
It ' a s way two , street of course .
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating?
They have expressed any in interest negotiating ?
Have they expressed any negotiating interest in ?
There is nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation, but nothing particularly helpful about generating one that s just for show.
Is there wrong nothing with a negotiation REAL , nothing but particularly helpful about generating that one s just show for .
Is there wrong nothing with a REAL negotiation , nothing but helpful particularly about one generating that just s for show .
Particularly in the absence of any entreaty from them.
Particularly in absence the of any entreaty from them .
Particularly the absence in of any entreaty them from .
Where is the "simple" explanation of the transportation piece?
Where the is " simple " explanation the of transportation ? piece
Where the " simple is " explanation of the transportation piece ?
As I have told RNR, I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not in conformity with the contract, sinceit is in the alternative, and that our IP is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators (since Duke clearly cannot change it's ineffective IP at this stage, having already seen ours).
As I have told RNR , I think we should Duke advise in writing its that IP not is in conformity with the contract , sinceit is in alternative the , that and our IP is hence the only one will that be before the arbitrators ( Duke since clearly cannot change it ' ineffective s IP at this stage , having seen ours already ) .
I as have told RNR I , we think should advise Duke in that its writing IP is not in conformity with contract the , sinceit is in the alternative , that and our IP is hence the only one that will before the be arbitrators ( since Duke cannot clearly change it ' s ineffective IP at this stage , having already seen ours ) .
Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract.
Accordingly , the only issue left arbitration is for whether our IP ( the only the one and therefore one they have choose to ) is or is not economic an hardship under contract the .
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration whether is our IP ( the only and one therefore the one they have choose to ) is is or an economic not under hardship the . contract
What say ye?
Say what ye ?
What ye say ?
none
none
none
Susan Rance@ENRON
Susan @ Rance ENRON
Susan @ Rance ENRON
11/28/2000 03:58 PM
/ 11 / 28 2000 03 : 58 PM
11 / 28 / 2000 03 58 PM :
By Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November.
By Friday 1st December , could please you tell me the percentages / of amount time you on spent East Power during Coast the of months November October and .
By December Friday 1st , you could please me the tell percentages / amount of time you spent East on Coast Power months during the of October and November .
In addition, could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP.
Addition in , could you look over the below list to if there see any are additional employees in your that group spent on time ECP , so we can ensure we all bill of our used resources to ECP .
In addition , could you look over the below list to see there if any are additional in employees your that group time on spent , ECP so we can ensure we all bill of used our resources to ECP .
Thanks for you cooperation.
Thanks for cooperation you .
For thanks you cooperation .
***Mary Perkins - Could you forward the number of transactions and accounts.
* * * Perkins Mary - Could forward you the of transactions number and accounts .
* * Mary * Perkins Could - you forward number the transactions of and accounts .
***Jason Chumley - Could you forward the number of contractor hours and help/remote support hours.
* * Jason * Chumley - you Could forward the number of contractor hours help / and remote support hours .
* * * Chumley Jason - Could forward you the number of and contractor hours help / support remote . hours
HR - Veronica Parra, Nedre Strambler, Fran Mayes, Felicia Solis
HR - Parra Veronica , Nedre Strambler , Mayes , Fran Felicia Solis
- HR Parra Veronica , Nedre Strambler , Fran Mayes , Solis Felicia
Legal - Bob Carter, Travis McCullough, Lisa Mellencamp, Shelia Tweed, Richard Sanders, Michelle Cash
Legal - Bob Carter , McCullough Travis , Lisa Mellencamp Shelia Tweed , , Richard , Sanders Cash Michelle
- legal Bob , Carter McCullough Travis , Mellencamp Lisa , Shelia Tweed , Richard Sanders Michelle , Cash
Corporate Finance- Joe Deffner, Brain Kerrigan, Lewis Worthy, Mary Perkins
Finance corporate - Joe Deffner , Brain , Kerrigan Worthy Lewis , Perkins Mary
Finance corporate - Joe Deffner , Brain , Lewis Kerrigan Worthy Mary , Perkins
IT- Jason Chumley
- IT Jason Chumley
- IT Jason Chumley
Structuring/Technology - Brad Alford, Chris Coffman, Bill Keeney
/ structuring - Technology Alford Brad , Chris Coffman , Bill Keeney
Structuring / Technology - Alford Brad , Coffman Chris , Keeney Bill
Insurance- David Marshall
- insurance David Marshall
- insurance David Marshall
Susan
Susan
Susan
Looks good
Good looks
Good looks
Steve Van Hooser
Van steve Hooser
Steve Hooser Van
11/28/2000 11:34 AM
11 / 28 2000 / 11 : AM 34
11 / / 28 2000 : 11 34 AM
Richard,
, richard
, richard
How does this look?
Does how this look ?
How does this ? look
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today, I'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday's meeting with LIPA.
If I can get a minutes few with H Mark . today , I ' going m to propose I speak that to Stan Klimberg about this getting Thursday before signed ' meeting s with LIPA .
I if can get a few Mark minutes with H . today , I ' m to going that propose to I speak Stan Klimberg about getting this Thursday signed before ' s meeting LIPA with .
Thanks for your help this morning.
Thanks your for help morning this .
Thanks your for help morning this .
Steve
Steve
Steve
In the three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company.
The in three years I have here been , am I unaware an of ENA / ECT bad faith claim against any company insurance .
In the three I years been have here , I am unaware of an / ENA bad ECT against faith claim any company insurance .
Anyone else?
Else anyone ?
Anyone ? else
If so, please contact Michelle.
So if , please Michelle contact .
If so please , Michelle contact .
Michelle Blaine@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Blaine michelle @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
Michelle @ Blaine ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
11/28/2000 07:35 PM
11 / 28 / 07 2000 35 : PM
11 / 28 / 2000 07 : 35 PM
Justin, I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here.
, justin I have no knowledge any of bad faith Enron actins has pending inTexas but will I call who Richard Sanders domestic manages here litgation .
Justin , I have no any knowledge bad of Enron faith actins has pending but inTexas I will call Sanders Richard manages who domestic litgation here .
I've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately.
' I read ve the materials you sent we and agree need to address these appropriately allegations .
' I read ve the you materials sent and agree we address need to these allegations appropriately .
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed??
Richard you any do have bad litigation faith pending against insurers any in or Texas are you aware of any has Enron filed ? ?
Richard you do any bad have faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas are or you aware any of Enron has filed ? ?
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I don't recall making any bad faith claims.
We Houston sued Casualty year last I but don ' recall t making any faith bad claims .
Houston we sued Casualty year last but don I ' t recall making any bad claims faith .
It settled anyway, a long time ago.
It settled anyway , a time long . ago
Settled it anyway , long a time ago .
mb
mb
mb
Michelle,
, michelle
, michelle
Did you get my fax on Friday?
Did get you my on fax Friday ?
Did get you fax my on Friday ?
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are: (a) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India?
The I guess questions on I which should your like steer : are a ( ) Do you have particular a sensitivity about reference the to faith bad proceedings made by United ? India
I guess questions the on should which I like your are steer : ( a Do ) have you particular a sensitivity about the reference bad to faith proceedings made by United India ?
(b) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas?
( b Is ) it right that has 3 Enron sets bad of proceedings faith in Texas ?
( b ) Is it right Enron that has sets of 3 bad faith proceedings in Texas ?
(c) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you?
C ( ) you Are happy with draft the letter to Beachcrofts sent I you ?
( c Are ) happy you with the draft to Beachcrofts letter I sent you ?
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss.
Please give me a call you if would like to discuss .
Give please me a call if would like you to discuss .
Justin
Justin
Justin
Not when I was there, but I wasn't there the whole time.
When not was I there , but wasn I ' t the there whole time .
Not I when was there but , I wasn t there ' the whole time .
Michelle and Ken,
And michelle Ken ,
And michelle Ken ,
were you able to discuss the "bad faith" proceedings issue yesterday?
you were able discuss to " the bad faith " proceedings yesterday issue ?
were you to discuss able " the faith bad " proceedings issue yesterday ?
If you got the chance today, I should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call to discuss this issue; I think we should set out DPC's position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay.
If you got the today chance , should I really be grateful if of one you could give call me a discuss to issue this ; I think we should set out DPC ' clearly s position on this in correspondence without too much delay .
You if got the chance today , should I really be if grateful one of you could give me a call to this discuss ; issue think we I should set out DPC ' s clearly position on in this correspondence without too much delay .
Justin
Justin
Justin
____________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________
This message is confidential.
This message confidential is .
This message confidential is .
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules.
It may be also privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity legal or other rules .
May it be privileged also otherwise or protected by product work immunity or other legal rules .
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
You if have received it by mistake please let us know by and reply then delete from it your system ; you should copy not the or message disclose its contents anyone to .
If have you it received mistake by let please us reply know by and then delete from it your system ; you not should copy the message or contents disclose its to anyone .
____________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________
Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature.
Address to this Robin Gibbs for signature my .
Address this to for Robin Gibbs my signature .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Russell Montgomery@ENRON
Russell @ Montgomery ENRON
Montgomery russell @ ENRON
11/28/2000 08:22 AM
11 / 28 / 2000 : 08 AM 22
11 / / 28 2000 08 : AM 22
Richard-
- richard
- richard
Per my voice mail, here is the letter.
My per mail voice , is here the letter .
Per voice my mail , here the letter is .
As I mentioned, please let me know when it is ready, and I will send someone to pick it up.
As mentioned I , let please me know it when is ready , I and will send pick someone to it up .
As , I mentioned please me let know when it is , ready and I will send someone to pick it up .
Thank you for your help.
You thank for your help .
You thank for your help .
Russ 3-5297
Russ - 3 5297
3 russ - 5297
brianp@aiglincoln.com
brianp @ aiglincoln com .
@ brianp aiglincoln . com
Rob Jacobs <rsjacobs@Encoreacq.com>
Rob < Jacobs rsjacobs @ Encoreacq . > com
Rob < Jacobs @ rsjacobs Encoreacq . com >
11/28/2000 11:25 AM
11 / 28 / 2000 11 : 25 AM
11 / 28 / : 2000 11 25 AM
Hi Rich,
Rich hi ,
Rich hi ,
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet?
Have you if heard the Kinga has had II little Brian yet ?
Have you heard if the Kinga had has little II Brian ? yet
Also, remind me of Patterson's email, so I can harass him directly.
Also , remind of me Patterson ' s , so email can I him harass directly .
Also , remind me of Patterson ' s email , so can harass I directly him .
Hope your pre Chanukah planning is going well.
Hope pre your Chanukah planning going is well .
Hope your pre Chanukah is planning going . well
Rob
Rob
Rob
- C.DTF
- C DTF .
- C DTF .
As you can tell from the time of my e-mail, I am getting crushed.
You as tell can the from time my of e - mail I , am getting crushed .
You as from can tell the time of e my - mail I , am getting crushed .
Please ask her to be the contact person.
Please ask her to be the contact person .
Ask please to her be the contact person .
Robert C Williams@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
C robert Williams @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
C robert Williams @ ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
11/28/2000 09:46 AM
11 / 28 / 09 : 2000 46 AM
11 28 / / 2000 09 : AM 46
Now that Michelle is in your fold, do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with AAA on this?
Now Michelle is that in your fold , do want you to reconsider her being the person contact with on this AAA ?
That now Michelle in is fold your , do you want reconsider to being her the contact with person AAA on this ?
I am sending you a letter from their atty.
I am sending a you letter their atty from .
I am you letter sending a from their atty .
Call me to discuss.
Me call to discuss .
Me call to discuss .
Cheryl Marshall
Marshall cheryl
Marshall cheryl
11/27/2000 10:25 AM
11 / 27 / 10 2000 : AM 25
/ 11 27 / 2000 10 : AM 25
As of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
As of , today we not have received payment in full requested as Richard in Sanders ' dated letter 16 , November 2000 .
Of as , today we have not received in payment full as in requested Richard ' Sanders letter dated November 16 , 2000 .
We did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000.
We did receive a for payment $ 3 , 202 . 61 on 11 20 - 2000 - .
Did we a receive payment for 3 $ , 202 . 61 11 on 20 - - 2000 .
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
Please richard - let what me know we need to do next to file suit .
Richard - please me let know we what need to do to next suit file .
Nuria_R_Ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 AM
@ calpx Nuria_R_Ibarra . com on / 04 28 / 11 2000 : 15 11 : AM
Nuria_R_Ibarra @ . calpx com on 28 04 / / 2000 11 : 15 11 AM :
The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman.
Attached the letter sent is being to you from Patricia Gillman .
The attached letter is sent to being you from Gillman Patricia .
(See attached file: Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc)
( attached See : file Sanders Letter . 4_28_00 doc )
See ( file attached : Sanders Letter 4_28_00 . ) doc
- Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc
Sanders - Letter 4_28_00 . doc
- Sanders Letter 4_28_00 doc .
Richard B Sanders
Richard Sanders B
B richard Sanders
11/28/2000 09:56 PM
11 / 28 / 2000 : 09 PM 56
11 28 / / 09 2000 : 56 PM
I am sending you a letter from their atty.
I sending am letter you a from their atty .
I am you sending letter a from their . atty
Call me to discuss.
Call to me discuss .
Me call to discuss .
Cheryl Marshall
Marshall cheryl
Marshall cheryl
11/27/2000 10:25 AM
/ 11 27 / 2000 10 : AM 25
11 27 / / 2000 10 : AM 25
As of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
Of as today we , have not received in full payment requested as in Richard Sanders ' letter dated 16 November 2000 , .
As of today , we have payment not in received full as requested in Richard ' Sanders letter dated November 16 , . 2000
We did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000.
We receive did a payment for $ 3 , 202 . 11 61 on - 20 - 2000 .
We did receive payment a for $ 3 , . 202 61 on 11 20 - - 2000 .
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
Richard - let please me know what we to need next to do file suit .
Richard - please let me know we what need to next to file do suit .
Has Liz finished with gathering the documents?
Liz has finished with gathering documents the ?
Liz has finished with gathering documents the ?
melanie.gray@weil.com
. melanie gray @ weil com .
melanie . gray weil @ com .
11/13/2000 03:43 PM
11 / 13 / 2000 03 : 43 PM
/ 13 11 / 2000 03 : 43 PM
Here are the revised dates for the response/reply/and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compel.
Are here the revised dates for the / response reply / and dates hearing for Enron s ' to compel motion .
Here the are dates revised for the / response reply / hearing and dates for Enron ' motion to s compel .
As you may recall, they say they want a deposition on the parties' intention.
May as you recall , say they they a want deposition on the parties ' . intention
As you may recall , say they want they a on deposition parties the ' . intention
We should be expecting a deposition notice soon if they are going to follow through on their threat.
We should be a expecting deposition notice if soon they are to going follow through their threat on .
We should expecting be deposition a notice soon they if going are to follow through on threat their .
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking.
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A & K has filed forth setting the Trustee ' s in position connection with the / enforcement nonenforcement the of power and contracts what remedies the is Trustee seeking .
I to passed along Liz Austin your regarding request pleadings A & K has filed setting forth the Trustee ' s connection position with in the enforcement / the nonenforcement of power contracts and remedies the what Trustee is seeking .
As you see below, she is pulling those together.
You as see below , she is together pulling those .
As you see below , she is pulling those . together
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee's settlement offer.
Call to the discuss response to the ' Trustee settlement s offer .
To call discuss the response the to Trustee ' settlement s offer .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Hi--
- hi -
- hi -
Talked to Craig and the Court today.
To talked and Craig the Court today .
Talked Craig and to the Court today .
The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2p.m.
The to motion compel is scheduled for now Dec . 12 2p at . m .
Motion the to compel is now for scheduled Dec . 12 2p at . . m
The trustee's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27 and Enron reply is due Dec 1.
Trustee the s ' oppositon are papers now Nov due 27 and Enron reply is Dec due 1 .
The trustee ' s oppositon are papers due now Nov 27 Enron and is reply due Dec . 1
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested.
Have I paralegal my gathering the pleadings requested Enron .
I have my gathering the paralegal Enron pleadings requested .
That is all for now.
That is all for . now
That is for all now .
--Liz
- Liz -
- Liz -
**********NOTE**********
* * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * * *
* * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * *
The information contained in this email message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above.
Information contained the in this email message is intended only for use the of or named individual entity above .
Information the contained in this message email is intended only for use the of or individual entity named above .
If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.
If the reader of this is message not the intended recipient , the or employee or agent responsible to deliver it the to intended , recipient you are hereby notified any that dissemination , or distribution copying of this communication is strictly prohibited .
The if reader of this message not is intended the recipient , or employee the or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient you , are hereby that notified any dissemination , or distribution copying of this communication strictly is prohibited .
If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original message.
If you have communication received this in error , please notify immediately by telephone us 713 ( 546 - - ) 5000 , and destroy the original message .
If you have received this communication in error please , immediately notify us telephone by ( - 713 546 - 5000 ) and , destroy original message the .
Thank you.
You thank .
You thank .
"Gerry Strathmann" <gstrathmann@mediaone.net>
Gerry " " Strathmann < gstrathmann @ mediaone . > net
" Strathmann Gerry " gstrathmann < mediaone @ . net >
11/08/2000 02:19 PM
11 / / 08 02 2000 : 19 PM
/ 11 / 08 2000 02 : 19 PM
Dear Mr. Sanders -
Mr dear . Sanders -
Dear Mr . - Sanders
?
?
?
While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project, I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well...
I while left you a a message phone with information some about , our project I thought I give could you additional some details by e - as mail well . . .
While I a you left a message phone some with information about our project , I thought I give you could some additional details by e - mail as . well . .
?
?
?
We are still very interested in having Enron support our eCommerce Dispute Management Protocol.?
We are very interested still in having support Enron eCommerce our Dispute Management Protocol . ?
Are we very still interested in having Enron our eCommerce support Dispute Management Protocol . ?
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts.?
We have had enthusiastic responses from such companies as AT T & Duke , Energy Pitney , Bowes and DaimlerChrysler , I and be would to pleased answer you any questions may have about this focal point for our efforts educational . ?
We have had enthusiastic from such responses companies AT as & T , Duke , Energy Pitney Bowes and , DaimlerChrysler and I be would to pleased answer any questions you may have focal about this point for our educational efforts . ?
The real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol.
Real the of purpose my call , however , is the related to services we will provide support to aspirational the statements of Protocol the .
The purpose real my call of , however , is related to the services we will provide to support aspirational the statements of Protocol the .
I am a member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration Association's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions.?
I am a member the of group design that has been developing American the Arbitration Association ' s management dispute systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions . ?
I am a of member the design group that has developing been the Arbitration American ' Association s dispute management systems services for and eCommerce B2B transactions . ?
At this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings.
This at we time are together putting small working groups to validate of some our and refine assumptions our initial service offerings .
At this we time putting together are small working groups to some validate of our assumptions refine and our initial offerings service .
Initially our design group, along with perhaps one of our technology consultants, would like to meet with a group of Enron people for half a day.?
Our initially design group , with along perhaps of one our technology consultants , like would to with meet a group of Enron people for half day . a ?
Initially our design group , along with one perhaps of our technology consultants , would like to with a meet of group Enron for a people half day . ?
Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services.?
Ideally this would group consist four of to six people finance from , legal , so and operations we that good get cross - functional feedback about our services . ?
Ideally this group would consist four of to people six , from legal finance , operations and so that get we cross good - functional feedback about services our . ?
Before the meeting we would provide you with a brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meeting.
The before meeting we would provide with you a description brief of proposed our service offerings and a list for of points discussion at the meeting .
The before meeting would we a provide you with brief of description our service proposed offerings and list a of points for discussion at the meeting .
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces.?
Real of the the focus meeting be will on we how should build these services meet to needs the of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces . ?
The focus real the of will meeting be on how we should these build services meet to the needs of businesses operating in marketplaces B2B . ?
We are very concerned with providing services that are relevant to that environment.
We very are with concerned services providing are that relevant to that environment .
We very are concerned with providing services that relevant are to environment . that
We would like to meet between November 14 and?December 1?since construction of our services is already underway.?
Would we to like meet between November and 14 ? December 1 ? since construction of our services is underway already . ?
Would we like meet to between 14 November and ? December 1 ? since construction of our already services underway is . ?
Please let me know what is possible, and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions (978-376-9004).
Please me let what know is possible and , feel to free give me call a you any if have questions ( 978 - 376 - 9004 ) .
Please me let know what possible is , feel and free to me give call a if you have any questions ( 978 376 - - 9004 ) .
?
?
?
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
-> Gerry
- Gerry >
- Gerry >
Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group American Arbitration Association (978) 376-9004 303-294-4499
Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group Arbitration American ( Association 978 ) 376 - 303 - 9004 294 4499 -
Gerry Strathmann eCommerce American Arbitration Association Group ( 978 ) 376 9004 - 303 - 294 4499 -
"Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com>
" S Neal . Manne " < @ NMANNE SusmanGodfrey . > com
Neal S " . Manne " NMANNE < @ SusmanGodfrey . com >
11/29/2000 09:52 AM
/ 11 29 / 09 2000 : 52 AM
11 / 29 / 09 2000 : AM 52
Thanks, Richard.
Thanks , . Richard
, thanks Richard .
Do you have a tel # for Mike?
Do you have tel a for # Mike ?
You do have a tel for # Mike ?
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
Mark Palmer@ENRON
Mark Palmer ENRON @
Palmer mark @ ENRON
11/29/2000 10:45 AM
/ 11 29 / 10 2000 : 45 AM
/ 11 29 2000 / 10 : 45 AM
I'll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it.
' I send ll a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it .
I ' ll send copy the a of filed suit against the generators soon as as I it get .
Mark
Mark
Mark
"Leopold, Jason" <Jason.Leopold@dowjones.com>
" , Leopold Jason " < Jason Leopold . @ . com dowjones >
Leopold " , " Jason Jason < . @ Leopold dowjones . com >
11/29/2000 10:40 AM
/ 11 29 / 2000 10 : AM 40
/ 11 29 / 2000 10 40 : AM
Hello Energyphiles:
Energyphiles hello :
Energyphiles hello :
OK, perhaps it was inevitable.
OK , it perhaps inevitable was .
, OK perhaps was it inevitable .
But it is now official.
It but is now official .
But it is official now .
A team of San Diego's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in California state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered San Diego and the rest of California this year.
A team of San Diego ' s best anti - trust and class action attorneys been has assembled to take on the electric and generators marketers in California state court in an to effort return the electricity overcharges that have battered Diego San and the rest of California this year .
A team of San Diego ' s best anti - trust and class action attorneys has assembled been to take on the generators electric and in marketers state California in court an to return effort the electricity overcharges that battered have San Diego the and rest of California year this .
A press conference will be held to discuss the consumer class action lawsuit to be filed today.
A press conference be will held discuss to the consumer class lawsuit action to filed be . today
A conference press will held be discuss the to consumer class action lawsuit to be today filed .
WHEN: 11am - noon
WHEN : 11am noon -
: WHEN 11am - noon
WHERE: 550 West C St. (b/t Columbia & India) Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine, Steinberg, Miller & Huver 619-231-9449
: WHERE 550 West . C St ( b / t Columbia & India ) Suite Law of 1810 Offices Levine , Steinberg , Miller Huver 619 & - - 231 9449
: WHERE 550 West C . St ( b / & t Columbia India ) Suite Law Offices 1810 of Levine Steinberg , , & Miller Huver 619 231 - - 9449
WHAT: Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time.
: WHAT of Copies the filed complaint will be made available at that time .
WHAT : of Copies filed the complaint will be available made that at time .
UCAN's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint.
UCAN ' s director executive and the attorney be team will available answer to about questions the complaint .
UCAN s ' director executive and the attorney will team available be to questions answer about the complaint .
We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today.
We are that hopeful can we the post complaint the to UCAN web site today later .
We hopeful are that can we post complaint the the to web UCAN site later today .
***********************************
***********************************
***********************************
"Time is the best teacher, except for the fact that it kills off its best students"
" Time is the teacher best , for except the that fact it kills off best students its "
" Time the is best , except teacher the for fact it that kills off its best students "
Michael Shames Executive Director Utility Consumers' Action Network 1717 Kettner Blvd. Suite 105 San Diego, CA 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
Michael Executive Director Shames Consumers Utility ' Action Network Kettner 1717 Blvd . Suite 105 San Diego , CA 619 92101 - 696 6966 - mshames @ . ucan org
Michael shames Utility Executive Consumers Director ' Action Network 1717 Kettner Blvd . 105 Suite San Diego , 92101 CA 619 - 696 6966 mshames - @ ucan . org
the industry of Marriage and Kids, you heard me.
industry of the Marriage Kids and , you heard me .
industry of the Marriage Kids and , you heard me .
Marriage is, in and of itself, a noble concept, but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck.
Marriage is , in and of itself , a concept noble , it but too leads often to kids kids and flat suck out .
Marriage is in , and , of itself noble a concept , but it too leads often to and kids kids out flat suck .
How can I say such an abomination, ask you?
How can I such an abomination say , ask you ?
How can I say an abomination such ask , you ?
Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating, yet they do.
Look around you and notice all mind the numbing trailor cretins trash there out should who not , be procreating they yet do .
Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash out cretins there should who not be procreating , they yet do .
These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air.
Are these people the who Jerry keep springer on the air .
Are these the people keep who Jerry springer on air the .
These are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again.
Are these the who kids will destroy society , because of the American the crapfest family has become under the hippie culture post , heard you again .
Are these the kids who destroy society will , because of the crapfest the family American has become post the under hippie culture , heard you again .
And you might think by reading this I blame the kids.....
You and think might by reading this I blame the kids . . . . .
Might and think by you reading this I blame the kids . . . . .
Not so, Kids are what kids are and will do what they do.
Not so , Kids are what kids and will are what they do do .
Not so Kids , are kids what are and will do what they do .
It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them.
It is literally monkey and see do monkey them with .
It is literally see monkey monkey and do them with .
That will likely never change.
That will never likely change .
That will never likely change .
It's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and dont seem to understand that once you decide to have kids, it is indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for those kids.
' it s the bad parents out who there up fuck their and lives seem dont to understand that once you decide have to kids , it is indeed time to grow up and be responsible role model for a those kids .
It ' s the parents bad out who there fuck up their lives and seem dont to that understand once you to decide have kids it , indeed is to time grow up and be responsible a role model for those . kids
Very few parents do this.
Very few do parents this .
Very few parents this do .
And this is a direct result of the Politically correct, permissive, time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this.
And this is direct a result the of Politically correct permissive , , time out granting bullshit culture liberal that has caused . this
And this is a direct result the of Politically correct , permissive , time out bullshit granting liberal culture that has this caused .
When you blame it all on society, there's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking, drinking, doing drugs, fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they're doing.
When you blame it all society on there , ' s noone to take to responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up who kids are likley smoking , drinking doing , drugs , fucking the or neighbor some internet perv just because too you are lazy to see waht they ' re doing .
When you blame it all on , society there ' s noone to to take responsibility and of all a sudden you have of generation fucked up kids are who likley smoking , drinking , doing , drugs fucking the or neighbor some just internet perv because you are too lazy see to they waht ' re doing .
People like this will never have my sympathy, nor do they deserve my sympathy.
Like people this will never my have sympathy , do they nor deserve my sympathy .
Like people this will never my have sympathy , nor do they deserve my sympathy .
Look inside yourselves parents, is this you?
Inside look yourselves parents , this is you ?
Look inside yourselves parents , this is ? you
Probably it is.
It probably is .
It probably is .
Fuck you.
You fuck .
You fuck .
Stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to "get a break" .
Stop trying to pawn your brats off others to on " get a break " .
Stop trying to your pawn off on brats to others " get a break " .
You made a choice to be a mommy, you dont get a break until they move out, thats the choice that you madea and that's life.
You made to a choice be a mommy , you dont a get break until they move out , thats the choice you that that madea and ' life s .
You made a choice to a be you mommy , dont a get break until they move out , thats the choice that you and that madea ' life s .
Tough shit.
Shit tough .
Shit tough .
Just because you're stuck, doesnt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you.
Because just you ' re stuck doesnt , give you the to drag right down all the singles around you .
Just because you ' re , stuck doesnt give the right you drag to down all the around singles . you
Another time I'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where "Mommies" get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason.
Time another ' I ll segueway into all fun work the instances related " where Mommies get " out of doing work hiding and behind childcare the as reason .
Time another I ' ll segueway into all fun work the related instances where " Mommies get " out of doing and work behind hiding childcare the as reason .
This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism".
Is this insidious the conspiracy I call Mommism " " .
This the insidious is I conspiracy call " Mommism " .
It must be stamped out.
It be must stamped out .
It must be out stamped .
[http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines]
[ http : / / www . newsday . com / news / ny opinion / - 0 vpnasa054135614feb05 , , . 5979821 story ? ny coll = - - headlines editorials ]
[ http : / / newsday www . . com / / news ny opinion / - vpnasa054135614feb05 , , 0 . 5979821 story ? = coll ny - editorials headlines - ]
(Newsday.com)
Newsday ( . com )
( Newsday . ) com
It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago.
Looks it like NASA is ready sour to again after it ' devastating s from loss the accident Columbia which occurred nearly two years ago .
Looks it like NASA ready is to sour after again it s ' loss devastating the from Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years . ago
Now, NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with "go" fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches.
, now NASA astronauts engineers and are almost with giddy go " " as fever the tentative date the for launch first since the Columbia disaster approaches .
Now NASA engineers , astronauts and are almost giddy with " go " fever as tentative the for date the launch first since the approaches Columbia disaster .
The most important question isn't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures, but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia, errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image-puffing and budget-cutting.
The most question important isn ' t Discovery whether is technically ready to with new fly safety features and procedures emergency , but whether the agency has itself learned from the crucial errors most common to and Challenger Columbia errors that , grew out of a management culture that criticism discouraged and sacrificed safety for image - puffing and budget - cutting .
The most important question isn ' t whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with safety new features and emergency procedures , but whether agency the itself has learned from the crucial errors most to common Challenger and Columbia , errors that grew out of a culture discouraged management that criticism and sacrificed safety for image - puffing and budget - cutting .
I hope so.
Hope I so .
Hope I so .
Seeing another "Columbia" incident can be quite frightening (I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in Texas).
Another " seeing Columbia " can incident be quite frightening ( I woke up to early it morning in the when I was in Texas ) .
Seeing another " Columbia " incident can be quite ( I frightening to woke up it early in the when morning was I in Texas ) .
We don't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species.
We don ' need t another incident as the exploring is cosmos keeps something that our imagination as going a species .
We ' don t another need as incident exploring the cosmos is that something keeps our imagination as going species a .
Maybe one day they will allow space tourism, (hopefully that will be in the near future)although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones.
Maybe one day they will allow tourism space , ( hopefully that be will the in near ) future although I recommend would that NASA build new instead shuttles of trying to preserve the older ones .
One maybe they day will allow tourism space , ( will hopefully that in be the future near ) although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying preserve to the older ones .
You do have to give NASA credit on some things as they have eliminated the "fear of reporting failure" culture that probably led to the lack of reporting defects on the Columbia shuttle.
Do you have to give credit NASA on some as things they eliminated the have " fear of reporting failure " that culture probably to led the lack reporting of defects the on Columbia . shuttle
You to do have give NASA credit on some things as they eliminated have the " of fear reporting failure " that culture probably led the to of lack reporting on defects Columbia the . shuttle
Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems (as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses).
Are instead they encouraging to everyone come forward they if any potential see problems ( it as is clear that problems overlooked could result in unnecessary losses ) .
They instead are encouraging to everyone come if forward they see potential any ( problems as it is that clear overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses ) .
But supporters are pointing a few good things out:
Supporters but are pointing good a few things out :
But are supporters a pointing few good out things :
Clearly, the agency has worked hard at tackling the technical challenges posed by a superb and surprisingly independent-minded investigative panel.
The clearly , agency has worked hard tackling at technical the posed challenges by a superb and surprisingly independent - minded . investigative panel
Clearly , the agency has worked hard tackling at the challenges technical posed by superb a and - surprisingly minded independent panel investigative .
A few weeks ago, shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space Center received a rocket-like boost in morale with two important deliveries for the next shuttle to carry.
A few weeks ago , shuttle at workers Space the Kennedy Center received rocket a like - boost in with morale two important deliveries the for next to carry shuttle .
A few weeks ago , shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space received Center rocket a - boost like morale in with two important deliveries for next the shuttle to carry .
One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed.
One is a tool to special detect damage to thermal the protective - tile in while orbit something - the crew Columbia would have welcomed .
One a is special to tool detect damage to the thermal - protective tile while in - something the orbit Columbia have crew would welcomed .
The other is a new fuel tank "guaranteed" by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation.
The is other new a fuel tank guaranteed " " NASA by not to potentially shed fatal hunks insulation of .
The other is a new fuel tank guaranteed " by NASA " to not shed fatal potentially hunks insulation of .
NASA has some PR hurdles to overcome in the future.
Has NASA some to PR hurdles overcome in the future .
has some NASA PR hurdles to in overcome the future .
But lets hope for their sake (and the sake of all space lovers out there) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again.
But hope lets for their ( sake and the sake of all space out lovers ) there that they can their redefine rekindle image and the hope of space colonization again .
But lets hope their for sake ( and of the sake all space lovers there out ) that can they their redefine image rekindle and the of hope colonization space again .
Selah.
. selah
. selah
--
--
--
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM
Posted by Hidden Nook Hidden to at Nook / 2 7 / 01 2005 : 09 : AM 32
Hidden posted by Nook to Hidden at Nook / 2 7 / 01 2005 : 09 : 32 AM
Healing the Collective Body
Healing Collective the Body
Healing Collective the Body
In George Orwell's influential novel "1984" doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as "war is peace".
George Orwell in ' s influential novel " 1984 " is doublethink a device by promoted the totalitarian state to government people make accept two ideas irreconcilable at the such same time as " is war peace " .
George in Orwell ' influential novel s " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted the by state totalitarian government to make accept people two ideas irreconcilable the at same time such as " is war " peace .
I see the merit in flowing with duality.
I see the merit in flowing with duality .
I see merit the flowing in with duality .
One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one, that there is no separation between you and I, we are all together in this thing called life, we human beings, the birds and the tress, the rocks and the sky, all of it.
Of one my most dualities cherished is understanding the that are we both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our and personal destinies at the same time we all are one , that there is no separation between you and I , we are all in together this thing called life we , human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all it of .
Of one my cherished most dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all , one that is there no separation between you and I , we all are together this in life thing called , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky all , it of .
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body, mind and soul.
I have written a lot about recently the healing so self here today a are few on healing words our collective body mind , and soul .
Have written I a recently lot about the healing self so today here are a few words on healing our body collective mind , and soul .
Think of all life, if you will, as one great choir or one grand congregation.
Think all of , if life will you , one as great choir or one grand congregation .
Think of all , life if you , as will one great or choir grand one congregation .
Our strength is in our unity and harmony.
Our is strength in our and unity harmony .
Strength our is in our unity harmony and .
Any major dischord and we all suffer.
Any major we dischord and all suffer .
Any major dischord and all we . suffer
Any insult to the collective good brings us all down.
Any insult to the brings collective us good all down .
Insult any to collective the good us brings all down .
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness.
Living out of synch nature with is the great disease from , flows that all tributaries the we have come to think of as . sickness
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that all flows the we tributaries have to think come of as . sickness
We are only as strong as our weakest, we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us- playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before I was finished being a teenager.
We only strong are as as our weakest , we are only as healthy as sickest the amongst us - playing being sports and the in army me taught that lesson before I finished was a being teenager .
We only are strong as as weakest our , we only are as healthy as sickest the amongst us - sports playing and being in the army taught me that lesson before being I was finished a . teenager
When the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down.
When the healthy sick treat the scorn with and intolerance it brings us down all .
When the healthy the treat sick scorn with and intolerance brings us it all down .
When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do, not only are they hurting us, but they are hurting themselves.
When those not lucky enough to have Herpes create climate of a and shame indignity for those of us do who , not are only they hurting us , but they are themselves hurting .
Those when lucky enough not to Herpes have a create climate of shame and indignity those us for of who do , are not only they hurting us , but they are hurting themselves .
There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in.
There is escape no the from collective ocean we all in swim .
There is escape no from the collective ocean all we in swim .
What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you.
What project you will always come to back reward either or you haunt .
What you project always will back come either to reward haunt or you .
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peace.
Are we now suffering from the our consequences of rape of the environment , our of rejection the natural the for industrial , and our embrace of over peace violence .
Now we are from suffering the consequences of our rape of environment , the our rejection of the natural for industrial the , our and of embrace violence over . peace
Jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him.
Jesus said that what you do the the least people of you to do him .
Said jesus that what you the do of the least people you do to him .
What are you doing to the least of the people?
Are what you doing least to the of the people ?
What you are doing to the of least people the ?
If we are all in this thing together, let's play nice.
If we are all this in together thing , let s play ' nice .
We if are all in thing this , together let ' play s nice .
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else, remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny.
Remember that what do you yourself to me affects and everybody , else remember that what you do me and to anyone else shapes your destiny .
That remember what you to do affects yourself me and everybody else , that remember what do you to me anyone and else destiny shapes your .
No matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier, we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality.
No matter what progress make we as in individuals becoming , healthier we will never real health achieve until we collectively to decide create a healthier reality .
Matter no what we progress make as in individuals healthier becoming , will we real never achieve health until we collectively decide to a create healthier reality .
Fortunately circumstances will force our hand soon since our collective bad behaviour cannot continue indefinitely.
Fortunately circumstances will force hand our soon our collective since bad behaviour cannot indefinitely continue .
Fortunately circumstances will force our soon hand since collective bad our behaviour cannot indefinitely continue .
In the near future collective choices will need to be made.
The in near collective future choices will need be to made .
The in near future collective will choices to need be made .
Will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard?
Will we choose to in live harmony with this planet or crash and burn conflagration in a arrogance of and disregard ?
Will we choose live in to with harmony this planet or burn crash and in a conflagration arrogance of and disregard ?
Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger?
We choose will to about rise prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and holding screaming with on to fear and ? anger
We will choose to rise about prejudice intolerance and go or down kicking and screaming with holding on to and ? fear anger
There is no health without peace and no peace without health.
Is there no health without peace no and without peace health .
There no is health peace without and peace no without health .
November 2005
2005 november
2005 november
Sunshine Coast, British Columbia, Canada
Coast sunshine , Columbia British , Canada
Sunshine Coast British , , Columbia Canada
Christopher Scipio Homeopath/Herbalist Holistic Viral Specialist
Christopher Scipio Homeopath / Holistic Herbalist Specialist Viral
Homeopath christopher Scipio / Herbalist Holistic Viral Specialist
One Simple Idea.
Simple one Idea .
One Idea Simple .
One Huge Opportunity.
Huge one Opportunity .
One Huge . Opportunity
What are you searching for?
Are what you searching for ?
What are you searching ? for
More personal freedom?
Personal more freedom ?
More freedom personal ?
More time with your family?
More with time your family ?
More with time your family ?
Independent wealth?
Independent ? wealth
Independent ? wealth
Freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing?
The freedom from fear of corporate downsizing ?
Freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing ?
Whether you are looking for a part-time income to help pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from home on a full time basis, Agel is the vehicle that can make that happen.
You whether looking are for a part - time income to help pay off debts your or you looking are for the freedom offered working by from home on full a time basis , Agel is that the vehicle can that make . happen
Whether are you looking for part a - time income to help pay off your debts you or are looking for the offered freedom from by working home a on time full basis , Agel is the vehicle that can make that happen .
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry.
Agel is new a company and is positioned uniquely to the be giant next in network the industry marketing .
Agel is a company new and is uniquely positioned be to the in next giant network the marketing . industry
The company has developed an entirely new category of products.
Company the has developed entirely an new category products of .
Company the has developed entirely an new category products of .
Imagine being part of the next industry-changing innovation.
Being imagine part of next the industry changing - innovation .
Imagine part being of the industry next - innovation changing .
Innovative Products
Products innovative
Products innovative
Agel introduces an entirely new category of products called Gelceuticals.
Agel introduces an entirely category new called of products Gelceuticals .
Agel introduces entirely an new category of products called Gelceuticals .
The company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products.
The company has a developed and unique innovative mechanism delivery for products nutritional .
The company has developed unique a and delivery innovative mechanism nutritional products for .
This proprietary Gel Suspension technology makes possible single serving packets of Gelceuticals.
This proprietary Suspension technology Gel possible makes single serving packets of Gelceuticals .
Proprietary Gel this Suspension technology makes possible single serving packets Gelceuticals of .
In this delivery format, your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins, minerals and nutrients is maximized.
This in delivery format , body your can immediately start receiving the benefits of product components the the absorption as vitamins of , minerals nutrients and is maximized .
In this format delivery , your can body immediately start receiving benefits of the the product as components absorption the vitamins of , minerals and nutrients maximized is .
Never before has such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products.
Never before has a such convenient method been for consuming available nutritional . products
Before never such has a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products .
Consider these convenience factors:
These consider convenience factors :
Consider these factors convenience :
No water needed (as with tablets or capsules)
Water no needed ( tablets as with or capsules )
No water ( needed with as tablets or ) capsules
Exotic juice benefits without the big bottle (no glass and water weight)
Juice without exotic benefits the big bottle ( no glass water and weight )
Exotic juice benefits without the bottle big no glass ( water and weight )
Single serving packages (imagine the sampling capabilities)
Single packages serving ( imagine sampling the capabilities )
Single serving ( packages imagine the capabilities sampling )
Perfect for those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules
Perfect those for with difficulty swallowing tablets capsules or
Perfect for those with swallowing difficulty or tablets capsules
Faster, more efficient, delivery to the body Learn More
, faster more efficient , delivery the to Learn body More
Faster , more , efficient to delivery the Learn body More
Revolutionary Compensation
Compensation revolutionary
Compensation revolutionary
Agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary.
Agel created has new a compensation structure that truly is revolutionary .
Agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly . revolutionary
It is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history.
Our it is belief this that compensation plan will produce some of the checks largest network in history marketing .
It is our belief that compensation this will plan produce some the largest of in checks network marketing . history
The plan can't be described as a binary, a breakaway, a unilevel, or a forced matrix.
The plan ' can be t described a as binary , a breakaway , unilevel a , a forced or matrix .
Can the plan t ' described be a as binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or forced a matrix .
It is a revolutionary hybrid.
It is revolutionary a hybrid .
It a is revolutionary hybrid .
What is long term viability?
What long is term viability ?
What is long viability term ?
It is not just company longevity.
It not is just longevity company .
It not is just company . longevity
If you used to make $100k and now only make $30k, this is not long term viability.
You if used to make $ 100k and now only make $ , 30k is this not long term . viability
You if used to make $ 100k and now only make $ 30k , this not is long term viability .
Ten years later your check should still be the same or greater, fulfilling the promise of long-term residual income.
Years ten later check your should be still same the or greater , the fulfilling promise long of - term residual income .
Ten years your should later still check the be or same greater , fulfilling the promise of long - term residual income .
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it.
The Agel compensation plan includes that the principles ensure that promise can be fulfilled for who those work it at .
The Agel compensation includes plan the principles that that ensure can promise be fulfilled for those who work it at .
Are you unsure of Agel?
Are you unsure Agel of ?
Are you unsure of ? Agel
Take time to discover the unlimited possibilities with Agel!
Take to time discover the unlimited possibilities with Agel !
Take time to discover unlimited the with possibilities ! Agel
The call will feature a host of other field leaders, and our founder and CEO, Glen Jensen.
Call the will host feature a of leaders other field , and our and founder CEO , Glen Jensen .
The call will feature a of host field other leaders , and and our founder , CEO Glen . Jensen
This call will smoke!
This call will ! smoke
Call this will smoke !
You will discover:  How to Create the Security of Residual Income;  Why Agel is the Best Vehicle to Live Your Dreams;  The Amazing Scientific Breakthrough Behind the Products;  How the "Quadra-Plan" Builds Bigger Bonus Checks Faster;  The Support System in Place to Help You Build Stronger; and  The Secret to Lock in a "Legacy" Position!
You will discover : How  to Create the Security Residual of Income ;  Why Agel is the Best Vehicle Live to Your ; Dreams  Amazing The Scientific Behind Breakthrough the Products ; How  the " Quadra - Plan " Builds Bigger Bonus Checks Faster ;  Support The System in Place Help to You Build Stronger ; and  Secret The to Lock in a " Legacy " Position !
Will you discover :  How to Create the Security of Income Residual ;  Why is Agel the Best Vehicle to Live Your ; Dreams  The Amazing Scientific Behind Breakthrough the Products  ; How the " Quadra - Plan " Bigger Builds Bonus Checks Faster ;  The Support System in Place to Help Build You Stronger ; and  The Secret Lock to in a " Legacy Position " !
Here are the numbers to call:
Are here the to numbers call :
Here are the call numbers to :
620-294-4000 or 620-294-3000
620 294 - - or 4000 620 - 294 3000 -
- 620 294 - 4000 620 or 294 - - 3000
The Passcode to participate is:5107
Passcode the participate to is : 5107
The Passcode to participate is : 5107
DATE: Tuesday, November 22, 2005
DATE : , Tuesday 22 November , 2005
DATE : , Tuesday November 22 2005 ,
TIME: 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time
TIME : : 8 00 Eastern PM Standard Time
: TIME 8 : 00 PM Standard Eastern Time
LOCATION: Conference Call
LOCATION : Call Conference
LOCATION : Call Conference
5:00 PT ** 6:00 MT ** 7:00 CT ** 8:00 ET
: 5 PT 00 * * 6 : MT 00 * * 7 : CT 00 * * 8 : 00 ET
5 00 : PT * * 6 00 : * MT * 7 : 00 * CT * 8 : 00 ET
I'll see you there!
I ' see ll there you !
I ' ll you there see !
Steve Fillmore 612-205-9814 620-294-1909
Fillmore steve 612 - 205 9814 - 620 294 - - 1909
Steve Fillmore - 612 - 205 9814 620 - 294 1909 -
Email: "Dharmadeva"<dharmad...@gmail.com>
: email " " Dharmadeva dharmad < . . . gmail @ . com >
: email Dharmadeva " " < dharmad . . . @ . gmail > com
Namaskar
Namaskar
Namaskar
Hi All!
Hi ! All
Hi ! All
We now present the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga postures.
We present now the dance , kaoshikii which is excellent and before after yoga postures .
We now present the kaoshikii dance which , is before excellent after and postures yoga .
I encourage you to do this dance, as it has tremendous positive effects.
I you encourage to do this dance , as it has tremendous positive . effects
I encourage you to do this dance , as it has tremendous positive effects .
It is a dance for both males and females.
It a dance is for both and males females .
It is a dance for both males and . females
Dharma
Dharma
Dharma
--
--
--
Kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti.
Is kaoshikii a dance which was invented in 1978 Shrii by Shrii ' A nandamu ' rti .
Kaoshikii a is dance which was invented by 1978 in Shrii Shrii A nandamu ' ' rti .
It is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength.
A it is psycho - spiritual exercise and benefiting mind the developing stamina by and strength .
Is a it psycho - spiritual exercise and the benefiting mind by developing and strength stamina .
Kaoshikii is especially good for women.
Is kaoshikii especially good for . women
Is kaoshikii especially for good women .
It can ward off and cure a number of diseases, keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth.
Can it ward and off cure a number of diseases , the keeps body youthful and enables an delivery easy in childbirth .
It can ward off and cure a number of diseases , keeps the body youthful and easy enables an delivery in childbirth .
Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer of mind.
Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit word ' kosa meaning ' shell or layer mind of .
Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit ' word kosa ' meaning shell or layer of . mind
The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence (kosas).
The of self individual the lies hidden the in innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .
The self of the lies individual hidden the in innermost layers of existence kosas ( ) .
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm (unit being) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm (Cosmic Consciousness).
Kaoshikii thus is a blossoming of the unit microcosm ( ) being in its attempt to attain a with link the Macrocosm ( Consciousness Cosmic ) .
Thus kaoshikii a is blossoming the microcosm of ( being unit ) its in to attempt attain a with link the ( Macrocosm Cosmic Consciousness ) .
This attempt is normally referred to as mysticism.
This attempt is referred normally as to mysticism .
Attempt this is normally referred to as . mysticism
--
--
--
The Benefits
Benefits the
Benefits the
Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes.
Exercises all glands and the limbs from head toes to .
Exercises all the and limbs glands from head toes to .
Increases longevity.
Increases . longevity
Longevity increases .
Makes for easy delivery at childbirth.
For makes delivery easy at childbirth .
Makes for delivery at easy childbirth .
The spine will become flexible.
The will spine become flexible .
Spine the will become flexible .
Arthritis of the spine, neck, waist and other joints will be removed.
Of arthritis spine the , neck , waist and other joints will be removed .
Arthritis of spine the , neck , waist and other joints will removed be .
Gout in the spine, neck, hands and waist will be lost.
In the gout spine , neck , hands and waist will be lost .
In gout the spine , neck , and hands will waist lost be .
The mind becomes strong and sharp.
The mind strong becomes sharp and .
The becomes mind strong sharp and .
Irregularities in menstruation will be cured.
In irregularities menstruation be will cured .
Irregularities menstruation in will cured be .
Glandular secretions will become regulated.
Secretions glandular will become regulated .
Glandular secretions become will regulated .
Troubles in the bladder and urethra will be cured.
Troubles in and the urethra bladder will be cured .
Troubles in the and bladder urethra will be cured .
Gives control over the limbs.
Control gives over the limbs .
Gives over control the limbs .
Adds charm and shine to the face and skin.
Adds and charm shine to the and face . skin
Adds and charm shine to the face and skin .
Removes wrinkles.
Wrinkles removes .
Wrinkles removes .
Removes lethargy.
Removes . lethargy
Lethargy removes .
Cures insomnia.
Cures . insomnia
Insomnia cures .
Cures hysteria.
Hysteria cures .
Cures . hysteria
Fear complexes will be removed.
Complexes fear will be removed .
Complexes fear will be removed .
Hopelessness will be lost.
Hopelessness be will lost .
Hopelessness will lost be .
Helps in self-expression and develops one's potentiality.
Helps self in - expression and one develops s ' potentiality .
In helps - self expression develops and one ' s potentiality .
Spinal pain, piles, hernia, hydrocele in men, nervous pain, nervous disability will be cured.
Spinal pain piles , , hernia , hydrocele in men nervous , pain , nervous disability be cured will .
Pain spinal piles , , hernia , in hydrocele men , nervous pain nervous , will disability cured be .
Cures kidney and gall bladder troubles, gastric trouble, dyspepsia, acidity, dysentery, obesity and liver diseases.
Cures kidney gall and troubles bladder , trouble gastric , dyspepsia acidity , , , dysentery obesity liver and diseases .
Cures kidney and bladder gall troubles , gastric , trouble dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity diseases and liver .
Increases the capacity to work until 75-80 years of age.
The increases to capacity work 75 until - 80 years of age .
Increases the capacity to work until - 80 75 of years age .
--
--
--
The Dance
Dance the
Dance the
The eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically.
The eighteen of the steps dance are rhythmically done .
Eighteen the of steps dance the are done rhythmically .
First the dancer begins in the starting position: the hands together and raised over the head.
First dancer the begins in position the starting : the hands raised together and over the head .
The first dancer begins in starting the position : the together hands raised and over head the .
Then to the beat of "dhin, dhin,... ,ta', ta'", the dancers begin their step, placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot.
To then the beat of " dhin , dhin , . . . , ta ' , ' ta " , the begin dancers their step , big placing toe the behind the the of heel other . foot
Then to the beat of dhin " dhin , , . . . , ' ta , ta ' " dancers , the begin their step , the placing big toe behind of the heel other the . foot
In the final two steps, the dancers firmly stamp their feet on the ground.
In the final two steps , the dancers stamp firmly their feet the on ground .
In the final two steps , the dancers firmly their stamp feet on ground the .
Kaoshikii can be danced for as many rounds as you like.
Can kaoshikii be danced for many as rounds you as like .
Kaoshikii be can danced for as many rounds as you like .
--
--
--
The Ideation
Ideation the
Ideation the
When the dancers start the step with the beat of "dhin, dhin...", the mental ideation should also be kept.
Dancers when the start the step with the of " beat dhin , dhin . . . " the , mental ideation kept should also be .
When the start dancers step the the with of beat " , dhin dhin . . . " , mental the also ideation should be kept .
Here is the ideation.
Here the is ideation .
Here is the . ideation
The two hands when upraised and folded together represent: "Now I am trying to establish a link with Parama Purus'a (Supreme Consciousness)."
Hands the two when upraised and together folded represent : " Now I trying am establish to a with link Purus Parama ' a ( Supreme Consciousness ) . "
Two the when hands upraised and represent folded : together " Now I to am trying establish a link Parama with Purus ' a ( Supreme ) Consciousness . "
Bending to the right indicates: "I know the right way to request You."
Bending to indicates the right : " know I the right to request way You . "
To bending the right indicates : " I know right the way request to You . "
Bending to the left indicates: "I know how to fulfil Your demands."
Bending to the indicates left : " know I how to fulfil Your demands . "
Bending to the left indicates : " I to how know Your fulfil demands . "
Bending forward suggests: "I completely surrender to You."
Forward bending suggests : I " completely to surrender You . "
Forward bending suggests : " I completely surrender to You . "
Bending backward represents: "I am ready to face all obstacles that may come."
Bending represents backward : " am I ready to face obstacles all that may come . "
Bending : backward represents " I am ready face to all obstacles that may come . "
The last two steps represent: "O Lord I repeat Your cosmic rhythm."
The last two steps represent : " O I Lord cosmic repeat Your . rhythm "
Last the two represent steps : " Lord O I repeat cosmic Your rhythm . "
Quebecker wins U.S. bravery award
Quebecker wins U S . . award bravery
Wins quebecker U . S . award bravery
Pittsburgh -
- pittsburgh
- pittsburgh
A Quebec man was awarded a Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for saving two friends by fighting off a polar bear with a pocket knife two years ago on Baffin Island
Quebec a man was a awarded Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for saving two friends fighting by a off polar bear pocket with a two knife years ago on Baffin Island
A was Quebec man awarded a Carnegie Medal bravery for Monday on saving for two friends by off fighting a bear polar with pocket a knife two years ago on Island Baffin
Dr. Eric Fortier, 34, of Gatineau, Que., used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island, just south of the Arctic Circle, to save two friends who were being mauled.
Dr . Eric Fortier , 34 of Gatineau , , Que . used , a knife pocket to a attack polar on bear Baffin Island , just south of the Arctic Circle to , two save friends were who mauled being .
. dr Eric Fortier , 34 , of Gatineau , . Que , used a pocket to knife attack a polar bear on Baffin , Island just south of Arctic the Circle , to save friends two being who were mauled .
"All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [River] valley where we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said.
" All of the and research all of preparation the I leading did to up gave the no trip indication that there were bears in the Soper [ River ] where valley we were , canoeing " Dr Fortier . said .
" All the and of research of all the preparation I leading did up to the trip gave no that indication there were bears in the [ Soper River ] valley where canoeing we were , " Dr . Fortier . said
Dr. Fortier, an orthodontist, learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall.
. dr , Fortier an orthodontist , learned there was least at one polar bear in the of central Baffin region Island July in 2001 when felt he what he was thought a leaning dog on his tent wall .
. dr Fortier , orthodontist an , learned there at was least one polar in bear central the region of Island Baffin in 2001 July he felt when what he thought was dog a leaning on his tent wall .
"My first thought was to push it away," he said.
" first was My thought to push away it , " he said .
" My was first thought push to it away , he " said .
"A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling."
" A few later seconds my saw girlfriend the shadow of a bear ' s paw the through tent fly and then it ripping started through ceiling the . "
" A seconds few my later girlfriend the saw shadow a of bear ' s paw the through fly tent and then started it the ripping through ceiling . "
The polar bear is more dangerous than most other bears.
Polar the bear is more dangerous most than bears other .
The bear polar is more than dangerous other most bears .
The latter usually consider human beings a threat but the polar bear considers humans a snack, experts said.
The latter usually consider human a beings but threat the considers polar bear a humans snack , said experts .
Usually latter the consider human beings a threat the but bear polar humans considers a snack , experts said .
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31-year-old Alain Parenteau.
The two to screamed the frighten warn bear their and friends in tent several a metres but away the bear ripped into that tent and mauling began 31 - - year old Alain Parenteau .
Two the screamed to frighten the bear and their friends warn a in tent several metres away the but into bear ripped that and tent began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .
"Their screams changed," Dr. Fortier said.
" Their screams changed , Dr " . Fortier said .
" Their changed screams , " Dr . Fortier said .
"I grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out."
" grabbed I my and glasses my unzipped knife and my tent and out headed . "
" I my grabbed glasses my and and knife unzipped my tent headed out and . "
The bear dwarfed the 6-foot-1 Mr. Parenteau, knocking him to the ground, he said.
The bear dwarfed the - 6 foot - 1 Mr . Parenteau , him knocking the ground to , he said .
The bear the dwarfed - 6 foot - 1 Mr . , Parenteau knocking him the ground to he , said .
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear, distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25-year-old Patricia Doyon, who was in the same tent.
. dr Fortier threw a large rock the at bear , it distracting allowing and Parenteau escape to but it turned then on 25 - year - Patricia , old Doyon who was in same the tent .
Dr Fortier . threw a large rock at bear the , distracting it and allowing to Parenteau but escape it then turned on 25 year - - old Doyon Patricia , who was in the same tent .
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape.
Again dr . Fortier threw at rocks the bear and again its was able target to escape .
Dr again . threw Fortier at rocks the bear and again target its able was to escape .
"The bear gave chase and I gave chase," he said.
" bear The gave and I chase gave chase , " said he .
" The gave bear chase and I chase , gave he " said .
"At some point, Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back.
" At some point , Patricia tripped or tripped the bear her was and back at her .
" some At point , Patricia or tripped bear the tripped and her at was her back .
I was beside the bear's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times."
I was beside bear the ' s head and I stabbed it an with upper cut jaw the below in the neck couple a of times . "
Beside I was the bear ' s head I and stabbed with it an upper cut below jaw the in the neck a couple times of . "
The bear ran off.
The bear off ran .
The bear off ran .
While there was some fur and blood on the nine-centimetre blade, Dr. Fortier said he doesn't think he hurt the bear badly.
While there was fur some and blood on the - nine centimetre , blade Dr Fortier . said doesn he ' think t he hurt badly the bear .
There while some fur was and blood on the nine - centimetre , blade Dr . said Fortier he doesn ' t think the he hurt bear . badly
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon, however, were bleeding badly.
Mr both . Parenteau and Ms . , Doyon however were , bleeding . badly
Both Mr . Parenteau and Ms Doyon . , were however , bleeding . badly
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River.
Dr . and Fortier his girlfriend two lashed together canoes and eight paddled along kilometres the Soper River .
Dr . Fortier his and girlfriend two lashed together canoes and paddled eight along the kilometres Soper River .
Dr. Fortier travelled another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement.
Dr . Fortier travelled another three kilometres by to foot help seek in nearest the settlement .
Dr . Fortier travelled another three by kilometres foot to seek the help in nearest settlement .
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived, though Mr. Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular, Dr. Fortier said.
Both . Mr Parenteau Ms and . were Doyon airlifted to hospital a and survived , though Mr Parenteau . had gash a within centimetre a his of jugular , Dr . Fortier said .
Both Mr Parenteau . and Ms . Doyon were a airlifted to hospital survived and , Mr though . had Parenteau a gash a within centimetre his of jugular , Dr . Fortier said .
Dr. Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday.
. dr Fortier one was of 15 people receive to the Medal Carnegie on Monday .
Dr . was one Fortier 15 of to people receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday .
The bronze medal is given to people who "risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others."
Bronze the given medal is to people who " risk their lives to an extraordinary degree saving while or to attempting the save lives of others . "
The medal bronze is given people to who " risk lives their extraordinary to an degree saving while or attempting to lives save the of others . "
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford, 42, of Hamilton, who was killed Aug. 4, 2002, while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife.
Other the Canadian recipient of the was medal Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug . 4 , , 2002 trying while to defend a Hamilton shop owner sandwich a from robber a wielding knife .
Other the Canadian of recipient the was Ronald medal Joseph Crawford , 42 of , Hamilton , was who killed . Aug 4 , 2002 , while trying defend to a Hamilton sandwich owner shop from a robber wielding a . knife
Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart.
. mr Crawford threw several punches at the assailant he was before stabbed in the heart .
. mr Crawford threw several punches at the assailant he before stabbed the was in heart .
U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people.
U . S . industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a in hero fund 1904 after inspired being rescue by stories a from mine disaster that 181 killed people .
. u S . industrialist Carnegie Andrew a started fund hero in 1904 after inspired being rescue by stories from mine disaster a that killed 181 people .
The award comes with a $3,500 (U.S.) grant.
Award the with comes a $ , 3 500 U ( S . . ) grant .
The award with comes a $ 3 , U 500 ( S . . grant ) .
Important information of big companies
Important information big of companies
Important information of companies big
Apple Computers
Computers apple
Computers apple
It was the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs.
It was favorite fruit the of Steve founder Jobs .
Was it the favorite fruit of Jobs founder Steve .
He was three months late in filing a name for the business, and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues didn't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock.
He was three late months filing in a name for the business , and threatened he to call his Apple company Computers if the colleagues other ' didn t suggest a better name by 5 O ' clock .
He three was late months in filing a name for the , business he and to threatened his call company Apple Computers if the other colleagues didn ' suggest t a better name by O 5 ' clock .
CISCO
CISCO
CISCO
It is not an acronym as popularly believed.
It is not an as acronym popularly . believed
It is an not acronym popularly as believed .
It is short for San Francisco.
Is it short San for Francisco .
It is short for . San Francisco
Compaq
Compaq
Compaq
This name was formed by using COMp, for computer, and PAQ to denote a small integral object.
This name formed was by using COMp , for computer and , to denote PAQ small integral a object .
This name by was formed using COMp , for computer , and PAQ to a denote small object integral .
Corel
Corel
Corel
The name was derived from the founder's name Dr.Michael Cowpland.
The derived name from the was founder ' s name Dr . Michael Cowpland .
The name was derived from the founder s ' Dr name . Michael Cowpland .
It stands for COwpland REsearch Laboratory.
It stands for COwpland Laboratory . REsearch
Stands it COwpland for REsearch Laboratory .
Google
Google
Google
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search.
Name the started a joke as boasting about the amount of the search information - would engine be able to search .
The name started a as joke boasting about of the amount information the search - engine be would able to search .
It was originally named 'Googol', a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros.
It was originally named ' ' Googol , a word for number the represented by 1 followed 100 by . zeros
Was it originally named ' Googol ' , a word for the number by represented followed 1 100 by zeros .
After founders - Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor, they received a cheque made out to 'Google'
After - founders Stanford students Sergey graduate Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel , investor they a received cheque out made to ' Google '
After founders - Stanford Sergey students graduate Brin and Larry Page presented to their project an angel , investor they cheque received a made out to ' Google '
Hotmail
Hotmail
Hotmail
Founder Jack Smith got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world.
Founder Jack got Smith the of idea e - accessing mail via the web from computer a anywhere in world the .
Smith founder Jack idea got the of accessing e - mail via web the from a anywhere computer in the world .
When Sabeer Bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service, he tried all kinds of names ending in 'mail' and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters "html" - the programming language used to write web pages.
When Sabeer Bhatia came up with the business for plan the mail , service he tried all kinds of names ending ' in mail ' and finally settled for it hotmail as included the " letters html " - the programming used language to web write pages .
Sabeer when Bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service , he tried all kinds ending of in names ' ' mail finally and settled for as hotmail it included letters the " html " - the programming language used web to write pages .
It was initially referred to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing.
It was initially referred to as HoTMaiL selective with uppercasing .
It initially was to referred as HoTMaiL selective with uppercasing .
Hewlett Packard
Packard hewlett
Packard hewlett
Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decidewhether the company they founded would be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett.
Bill and Hewlett Dave Packard to tossed a coin decidewhether the company founded they would be called Hewlett - Packard or Packard - Hewlett .
Bill and Hewlett tossed Dave Packard coin a to decidewhether company the they would founded be called Hewlett - or Packard Packard - Hewlett .
Intel
Intel
Intel
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company 'Moore Noyce' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics.
Bob Noyce Gordon and Moore wanted to new name their ' company Moore Noyce ' but was that already trademarked by a hotel chain so had they settle to for an acronym of INTegrated . ELectronics
Noyce bob Gordon and Moore wanted name to new their company Noyce ' Moore ' but was already that by trademarked a hotel chain so had they to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .
Lotus (Notes)
( lotus Notes )
( lotus Notes )
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'.
Mitch got Kapor name the for his from company ' The Lotus Position ' or ' Padmasana ' .
Kapor mitch got the for his name from company ' The Position Lotus ' or ' Padmasana ' .
Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
To kapor used be teacher a Transcendental of Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .
Used kapor to be a of teacher Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .
Microsoft
Microsoft
Microsoft
Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware.
By coined Bill Gates represent to the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware .
Coined Bill Gates by to the represent company that devoted was to MICROcomputer SOFTware .
Originally christened Micro-Soft, the '-' was removed later on.
Micro originally christened - Soft , the ' - was ' removed on later .
Originally christened Micro Soft - , the ' - was ' later on removed .
Motorola
Motorola
Motorola
Founder Paul Galvin came up with this name when his company started manufacturing radios for cars.
Founder Paul came Galvin up with name this when his started company for manufacturing radios cars .
Paul founder came Galvin up with this name his when manufacturing company started radios for cars .
The popular radio company at the time was called Victrola.
Popular the company radio at the time was Victrola called .
Popular the company at radio the time was called Victrola .
ORACLE
ORACLE
ORACLE
Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were working on a consulting project for the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency).
Larry and Ellison Bob were Oats working on a project consulting for the CIA Central ( Agency ) Intelligence .
Ellison larry and Bob Oats were working a on project consulting for CIA the ( Central Intelligence Agency ) .
The code name for the project was called Oracle (the CIA saw this as the system to give answers to all questions or something such).
The code for name the project Oracle was called ( the CIA saw this as the system give to answers to or questions all such something ) .
The code name for the project was called Oracle ( the saw this CIA the as system to give answers to or all something questions such ) .
The project was designed to help use the newly written SQL code by IBM.
Project the was designed to use help the newly SQL written code IBM by .
Project the was designed help use to the newly written SQL code IBM by .
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world.
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and decided Bob to what finish they started and bring to the it world .
The project eventually terminated Larry was but and Bob to decided finish what they started and it bring to world the .
They kept the name Oracle and created the RDBMS engine.
Kept they the name Oracle created and the engine RDBMS .
They kept Oracle the name and created the RDBMS . engine
Later they kept the same name for the company.
Later kept they the name same for company the .
Later kept they same name the for the company .
Sony
Sony
Sony
It originated from the Latin word 'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used by Americans to refer to a bright youngster.
It originated the Latin from word ' sonus ' sound meaning , and sonny ' ' a used slang by Americans to refer to youngster bright a .
It originated from Latin the word ' sonus ' meaning sound , ' and sonny a ' used slang by Americans refer to to a bright youngster .
SUN
SUN
SUN
Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies, SUN is the acronym for Stanford University Network.
Founded by Stanford University 4 buddies , SUN is acronym the for Stanford Network University .
By founded 4 Stanford buddies University , SUN is the for acronym University Stanford Network .
Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it, and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computer.
Bechtolsheim andreas built a ; microcomputer Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it , and Joy Bill to a develop UNIX - based OS for the computer .
Bechtolsheim andreas a built ; microcomputer Vinod recruited Khosla him Scott and McNealy manufacture to on computers based it , and Bill Joy develop to a UNIX - based for OS the computer .
Yahoo!
! yahoo
! yahoo
The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book 'Gulliver's Travels'.
Word the invented was by Jonathan and Swift used in his book ' Gulliver ' s Travels ' .
Word the was invented by Swift Jonathan and used his in book ' Gulliver Travels ' s ' .
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human.
It represents a person is who repulsive in and appearance action is and barely . human
Represents it person who a is in repulsive appearance and action and is barely human .
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and DavidFilo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos...
Yahoo ! Founders Jerry and Yang selected DavidFilo the name because considered they themselves yahoos . . .
! yahoo Founders Jerry and Yang DavidFilo selected name the because they considered themselves yahoos . . .
I am on Yahoo !
I am on ! Yahoo
I on am Yahoo !
Email : mayur...@yahoo.com SMS : +919819602175 Web :
Email mayur : . . . @ yahoo . com : SMS + 919819602175 Web :
: email mayur . . . yahoo @ com . SMS : + Web 919819602175 :
Hi all,
All hi ,
All hi ,
There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Wars, so why create a new one?
There are already forums several the around net on focused Guild discussing Wars so , why a create new one ?
There are already several the forums around net focused on Guild discussing so Wars , create why a new one ?
I say why not?
I why say not ?
I say not why ?
The main reason is Google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it's not going to go away.
The main reason is Google more is accessible to the global community you and can rest assured that it ' not s to go going . away
Main the reason is is accessible Google more to global the community and can you rest assured that it s ' going not to go away .
I have seen great fan sites suddenly disappear without notice and for no reason.
I have seen great suddenly fan sites disappear without notice for and reason no .
I have great seen fan sites suddenly disappear without notice for no and . reason
Usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used.
Usually this because happens the developer the of can site no afford longer the cost of bandwidth being used .
Usually happens this because the developer of the site can no longer the afford bandwidth cost of being used .
That said, the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :).
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by and Google will thus remain and it reliable ultimately will give us time more play to : ) .
That said , the maintenance of this forum by is Google handled and thus will and reliable it remain will ultimately give us more time to play : ) .
I'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions.
I ' m nothing more than a devoted fan of game the and myself hope I that this area become can a haven for deep fan discussions .
I ' m nothing more than devoted a of fan the and game myself hope I that area this can a become haven for deep discussions fan .
Regards,
, regards
, regards
Humanpixel
Humanpixel
Humanpixel
Aye!
! aye
! aye
Good Day Mate!
Day good Mate !
Day good Mate !
Im really looking forward to Guild Wars.
Im really forward looking to Guild . Wars
Im really looking forward Guild to . Wars
Anyone know a release date?
Anyone know release a date ?
Know anyone a release date ?
Feb 2005
2005 feb
2005 feb
Feb 2005 is the projected release date, although Guild Wars is made by ex-members of Blizzard, so Feb 2005 could mean August 2006...
Feb 2005 is the projected release date , Guild although Wars made is ex by - members Blizzard of so Feb , 2005 could mean 2006 August . . .
Feb 2005 is the projected release date , although Wars Guild is made by ex - of Blizzard members , so Feb could 2005 August mean 2006 . . .
Anyway, I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events.
, I anyway tried to get preorder but a no were places selling it so I missed out 2 on / weekend 3 events .
Anyway , I tried get to a preorder but places no were selling it so missed I out 2 on / weekend 3 events .
Oh well, I'll get it when it comes out in Febuary.
Well oh I , ' get ll when it it comes out in Febuary .
Oh well , ' I get ll it when it out comes Febuary in .
rumor has feb 05 on the calender.
rumor has feb 05 the on . calender
rumor has 05 feb the on calender .
BUT they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long.
BUT they that stated they will take as long as it takes to work out all bugs so the who know really how . long
BUT they that stated take they will long as as it to takes out work the all bugs so who really know how long .
as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of.
as far as pre go and order to they have a list of major that retailers carry there it are also a few you websites that could off order it of .
Far as as pre order to go and have they a list of major retailers that carry it there also are few a that websites could you it order of off .
and a good reason for starting this group....company firewalls lol ;)
A and reason for good this starting group . . . . company lol firewalls ; )
A and good reason for this starting . group . . . firewalls company ; lol )
I was kind of curious, what exactly is Guild Wars?
Was kind I of curious what , exactly is Guild Wars ?
Was I kind of curious , what exactly is Guild Wars ?
I havn't heard of it.
I havn heard ' t of it .
Havn I ' t of heard it .
Check out the Guild Wars Web site at for more info about the game.
Out check the Guild Wars site Web at info for more about the game .
Check the out Web Guild Wars site at for more about info the game .
It's a massive multiplayer role playing game.
' a it s massive multiplayer role playing game .
' it a massive s multiplayer role playing game .
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days.
The are graphics a without doubt the the amoung graphics best have I ever seen for any game I and have been gaming since MUD the days .
Graphics the are without doubt a amoung the the best graphics have I ever seen for any and game I been have gaming since the MUD days .
It's worth a look.
' it s a worth look .
It ' worth s look a .
I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts.
Have I a preorder am even and considering getting second a preorder to have accounts multiple .
Have I a preorder and considering even am getting a second preorder to multiple have accounts .
I have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview.
I in have participated the all weekend beta events the and world preview .
I have in participated weekend all the beta events the and world preview .
The game is already 100% functional.
The game already is 100 % . functional
The already game is 100 % functional .
I can't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline.
I ' can t them imagine being not to able meet the Feb 05 deadline .
I can ' t imagine not them being able to meet the Feb deadline 05 .
Warm greetings to all in this GW community.
Warm greetings all to this in GW community .
Greetings warm to all in this GW . community
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars.
I am Kingel and Lady hail I the from Legit United Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from United the Legit Guilds Gaming Guild of Wars .
We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played.
We are consortium a of guilds legit honorable that was established 1997 in DI for and we now adding are GW to list the of games played .
We a are consortium legit of guilds honorable that was established in 1997 for DI we and are now adding GW the to of list games played .
The alliance is a pretty straightforward one.
Alliance the is pretty a straightforward one .
The is alliance a straightforward pretty one .
It was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with.
It formed was allow to many different who guilds were all honorable strictly together to come a as family and allow them many to people game with .
Formed was it to many allow different guilds who were all honorable strictly to together come as family a and allow them many people game to with .
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums.
No there other are other requirements than we ask that greet members each new and member each alliance new and also feel free to post in of the any forums .
There are no other requirements than we other ask greet that members each new member each and new and alliance feel also free post to any in of the forums .
We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW...which is a part of the alliance with the same name.
We are also a group is looking who for members our for own select guild called ULGG . of GW . . which is a of part alliance the with the same . name
We also are a who group is looking for for members our own select guild called ULGG of GW . . . which part is a the with of the alliance same . name
We play in all aspects of the game and we hand pick our members.
We play in aspects all of the game and hand we members pick our .
Play we in all aspects the of game we and hand our pick members .
I would like to personally invite each of you to visit our website.
I would like to invite personally each of you to our visit website .
I would like to invite personally of each to you our visit website .
You are individuals of quality, and in our alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member.
Individuals are you of quality , in and our alliance we quality seek of member over quantity member of .
You are individuals quality of , and our alliance in we seek quality of over member quantity of member .
You will be asked to register, and then you should wander over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself.
Will you be asked register to , and you then should over to wander Announce the Your Arrival Section and present yourself .
You will be asked to register , then and you wander should over the to Your Announce Arrival Section and present yourself .
You will be greeted by many members of this wonderful family.
You will be by many greeted members of this family wonderful .
Be you will greeted by many members this of wonderful family .
I do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you, as well.
I hope do to see visiting you at us fire the and we shall prepare a feast for you as , . well
I do hope see you visiting to us the at fire we shall and prepare a feast for you , as well .
If you paste this in your browser, it will take you directly to our GW website.
If paste you your this in browser , it will take to you directly our GW website .
If you paste this in your browser , it will take directly to you our website GW .
I extend my hand to each of you in true friendship, and honor.
I extend my hand to each of in you true friendship , honor and .
Extend I hand my to of each you true in friendship , and honor .
Come and say hello...you will be warmly welcomed!
Come say and hello . . . you will be warmly welcomed !
Come say and hello . . . will you be welcomed warmly !
We are currently moving to a new server, so we will be down for a while.
We currently moving are to a new server , so will be we down a for while .
We are currently to moving a new server , so we down will be for a while .
I will inform when we are up and running again.
I inform will when we up and are running again .
Will I when inform we are and up running again .
I wish all happy holidays, and moreso, peace on earth.
Wish I all happy holidays , and , moreso on peace earth .
Wish I all holidays happy , and , moreso peace on earth .
Kingel
Kingel
Kingel
Dear Judges, Lawyers, Policemen, Guards, Counselors, Taxpayers, et. al.,
Judges , dear Lawyers , Policemen Guards , , Counselors , , Taxpayers . et al . ,
Judges dear Lawyers , , Policemen , , Guards Counselors , , et Taxpayers . al . ,
We are here.
We here are .
We here are .
Like it or not, for good or bad, we are here.
Like it not or for , good or bad , here we are .
Like it or not , for or good , bad we are here .
Who are we?
Who we are ?
Who we are ?
We are the downtrodden and dispossesed, the self-torturing, the disenfranchised convicts, drug and alcohol addicts, the unemployed and unemployable.
We are downtrodden the and , dispossesed the self - torturing , disenfranchised the convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployable unemployed and .
We are the downtrodden and dispossesed the , self - , torturing the convicts disenfranchised , drug and alcohol addicts , unemployed the and . unemployable
We are the children of poverty, financial and spiritual.
We are the children of poverty , financial spiritual and .
Are we the children poverty of , financial spiritual and .
We have and will have children of our own, grandchildren too.
We have and will children have our of own , too grandchildren .
We have and have will children of our own , grandchildren too .
We are ex-cons, uninsured, homeless, of many colors and speaking many tongues.
We are ex cons - , uninsured homeless , , many of and colors speaking many . tongues
We are ex - cons , uninsured , homeless , of colors many many and speaking tongues .
We are the enemy in what has become a domestic war against ourselves.
We are the enemy in what has a become domestic against war ourselves .
We are the in enemy has what become a domestic against war . ourselves
And who are you?
Who and are you ?
And are who you ?
You who like the tough talk of Tough on Crime?
You like who the tough talk Tough of on ? Crime
You like who the tough of talk Tough on ? Crime
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force?
You watch as who budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize police a force ?
Who you watch as budgets cut are education in and health care while militarize you police a force ?
Bullet-proof vests, automatic weapons, helicopters, tanks, robots ... the testosterone is oozing through the streets, more prisons, longer sentences, tighten the belt, spartan conditions, task forces, gang units, gun courts.
Bullet - proof vests , weapons automatic , , helicopters tanks , . robots . . the testosterone oozing is through the streets , more prisons sentences , longer , the tighten , belt spartan , conditions task , forces gang units , gun courts .
Bullet proof - vests , automatic weapons , helicopters , tanks , robots . . . the testosterone oozing is through streets the , more prisons , longer sentences , the tighten belt , conditions spartan , task , forces units , gang gun courts .
And what is there to show for it?
And what is there show to for ? it
And what is to there show it for ?
Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those "out of the workforce", the dregs, the rabble, the enemy?
Unemployent stays because low population half the those oversees " out of the workforce " , dregs the , the rabble the , ? enemy
Unemployent stays low half because population the those oversees " out the of " workforce , dregs the the , rabble , the enemy ?
Please tell me there is a deeper reason.
Please tell me is a there deeper reason .
Tell please me there is a reason deeper .
Do you feel safer?
Do you safer feel ?
You do feel safer ?
More humane?
More ? humane
Humane more ?
More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose, who can identify Us and Them?
Like more cohesive a society with shared a sense of purpose , who can identify Us and Them ?
Like more a cohesive with society shared a of sense purpose who , can identify Us and Them ?
Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood?
Do you live in a community gated gentrified or ? neighborhood
Do you live a in community or gated gentrified neighborhood ?
By the way, have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases?
The by , way you have read the Declaration of Independence and US - Constitution or do you only the know first phrases ?
By , the way you have read the of Declaration Independence and US or Constitution do - you only know the first phrases ?
It's about time we got together.
' it s time about we got together .
' it s time about we got together .
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief, an addict, a dealer, a prostitute, or a violent individual.
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants to their child be a thief , addict an , a dealer , a , prostitute or a individual violent .
Know please that I have yet to a meet who convict wants child their to a be thief , an addict a , dealer , prostitute a or , violent a individual .
Most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas, ruts and catch-22s.
Of most us still have for hope ourselves even when stuck in the darkest , dilemmas catch ruts and 22s - .
Most us still of for have hope ourselves when even stuck the in darkest dilemmas , ruts and catch - 22s .
Most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order.
Of most us in believe crafting laws and order instilling .
Most of believe us crafting in laws and order instilling .
Many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being, an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to, and many of use wouldn't escape if you opened the front door.
Many of us have burrowed beneath surface the to find a sense spiritual of being an , at understanding as force least powerful as those we succumbed to , many of and use wouldn ' t escape if you opened front the door .
Many of have us beneath burrowed the surface find a to sense spiritual of being , an understanding force at least as powerful as those we to succumbed , many and of use wouldn ' t escape if you opened front the door .
Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated, on probation, on parole or once were in those categories?
Did that you know 10 approximately million are Americans either incarcerated on , probation , on or parole once were in those ? categories
Did you know that approximately million 10 are Americans either incarcerated , on , probation on once parole or were those in ? categories
Each of those 10 million have families, friends, neighbors ... and so closer and closer does the We interface with the You.
Each of those 10 have million families , friends , neighbors . . . so and closer closer and does We interface the the with You .
Each of 10 those million have , families , friends neighbors . . . and so and closer closer does the We with interface the You .
Don't you think it's time we talked?
Don ' you t it think s ' time we talked ?
' don t think you ' it s time we talked ?
Are you ready?
You are ready ?
You are ready ?
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future?
You accept can that the we road are travelling toward points a and grim painful future ?
Can you accept the road that are we travelling points grim toward a and painful future ?
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now?
Have do you the heart to face monumental failures while bravely beyond struggling where are now we ?
Do you have the heart to monumental face while struggling failures bravely where beyond we are now ?
I know that some of you are, and that some of us are, and this is what gives me hope.
I know some that you of are , and that some of are us , and this is what gives hope me .
I that know you some of are , that and some of us are , and this what is gives hope me .
You need our insights just as we need your structure.
Need you our insights just as we your need . structure
Need you our insights just we as your need structure .
It is never over, especially when a real solution, a real treatment for our sickness, is yet to begin.
It never over is , especially when real a solution a , real treatment for our , sickness yet is to begin .
It is never , over especially when a solution real , real a treatment for our , sickness is yet to begin .
In Solidarity,
Solidarity in ,
In , Solidarity
Bruce Reilly (a.k.a Bruha) P.O.Box 8274 Cranston, RI 02920 USA
Bruce Reilly ( a . k . a Bruha ) . P O . 8274 Cranston Box , 02920 RI USA
Bruce Reilly ( a . . k a P Bruha ) . O . 8274 Cranston Box RI , 02920 USA
P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause.
. p S . - I am trying to conceptualize media an effective guerilla to campaign this promote cause .
. p . S - I am to trying conceptualize an effective media campaign to guerilla promote this cause .
Ideas are welcome.
Are ideas welcome .
Ideas welcome are .
Collaboration is prayed.
Is collaboration prayed .
Is collaboration prayed .
an annotated text of the bill, read the article by D. Singmaster in "The Mathematical Intelligencer" v7 #2, pp 69-72.
annotated an text the of bill , read article the by D . Singmaster in " The Mathematical Intelligencer v7 " # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .
an text annotated of the bill , read the article D by Singmaster in . " The Mathematical Intelligencer " v7 # , 2 69 72 pp - .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
Subject: Where can I get the necessary software to get a "smart" mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps? (E.g., pathalias, smail, etc.)
: subject Where I can get the necessary to software a get " smart " mail system running on my that machine will take advantage of the postings in comp . mail . ? maps ( . E g . , pathalias , , smail etc . )
Subject : Where can I get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp . mail maps . ? ( E . g . , pathalias , smail , . etc )
There are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives.
Are a there couple of packages available through the of supporters the comp . sources . unix archives .
There are couple a of packages available the through supporters of comp the sources . . archives unix .
If sites next to you don't have what you want, contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive, or the moderator.
Sites if to next you don ' have t you want what , contact nearest your comp . sources unix . archive , the or moderator .
Sites if you next to don ' t have what you want , contact your nearest . comp sources . archive unix the , or . moderator
Information on archive sites, and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d.
On information sites archive , and indices of comp sources . . back unix issues are regularly posted in comp . sources . unix and . comp . sources d .
On archive information , and sites of indices comp . sources . unix back issues are posted regularly comp in sources . . and unix comp . sources . . d
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
Subject: What is "food for the NSA line-eater"?
Subject : is What " for food the NSA - line " eater ?
Subject : is What " for food the - NSA line eater " ?
This refers to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency (and possibly other intelligence organizations) for interesting keywords.
This refers the to alleged of scanning all Usenet by traffic National the Security ( Agency and other possibly intelligence organizations ) for keywords interesting .
This refers to alleged scanning the of all traffic Usenet by the National Security Agency ( possibly and other intelligence organizations ) for keywords interesting .
The "food" is believed to contain some of those
" the food " is believed to of contain some those
" the " food is believed contain to some of those
Email: "Peanutjake"<peanutjak...@usa.com>
: email Peanutjake " " peanutjak < . . . @ . usa com >
: email Peanutjake " " < peanutjak . . . usa @ . > com
Groups: misc.consumers
Groups : . misc consumers
: groups misc . consumers
Subject: IMMEDIATE ATTENTION NEEDED:
Subject : ATTENTION IMMEDIATE NEEDED :
Subject IMMEDIATE : ATTENTION NEEDED :
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL URGENT ASSISTANCE - FROM USA
HIGHLY URGENT ASSISTANCE CONFIDENTIAL - FROM USA
HIGHLY URGENT CONFIDENTIAL ASSISTANCE FROM - USA
FROM: GEORGE WALKER BUSH 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 FAX: 202.456.2461
FROM : WALKER GEORGE BUSH 202 456 . 1414 . / 456 202 . . 1111 : FAX 202 . 456 . 2461
FROM : WALKER GEORGE 202 BUSH 456 . . / 1414 202 . . 456 1111 FAX : 202 . 456 2461 .
Dear Sir / Madam,
Dear / Sir Madam ,
Dear Sir / , Madam
I am GEORGE WALKER BUSH, son of the former president of the United States of America George Herbert Walker Bush, and currently serving as President of the United States of America.
Am I GEORGE WALKER BUSH , of son the former of president the United States of America George Walker Herbert Bush , currently and serving President of as United the America States of .
I am WALKER GEORGE BUSH , son of the former of president the States United of America George Herbert Bush Walker and , currently serving as of President the United of America States .
This letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence.
This letter you might surprise we because have not met neither in person nor by correspondence .
This might letter surprise because you we have not neither met person nor in by correspondence .
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction, which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence.
Came I to know you of in my search for a reliable and reputable to person a handle confidential business very transaction , which involves transfer the of a huge sum of money an to account requiring maximum confidence .
I came to of you know in my search a for reliable reputable and person to handle a very confidential transaction , business which transfer involves the a of huge sum money of to an account requiring maximum confidence .
I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of Iraq.
I am writing in you confidence absolute to primarily your seek assistance oil in acquiring funds that are presently trapped in the republic of . Iraq
Am I you writing in absolute confidence primarily to seek assistance in your acquiring oil funds are that presently trapped in the republic of Iraq .
My partners and I solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father, who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America, and bravely served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency.
My partners and solicit I your assistance in completing transaction a begun by father my , who long has been engaged actively in the extraction of in petroleum the United States of America , bravely served and his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency .
Partners my I and your solicit in completing assistance a transaction begun by my father , who has long been actively engaged in the of extraction petroleum in the United States of America , and bravely his served as country director of the United Intelligence States Central Agency .
In the decade of the nineteen-eighties, my father, then vice-president of the United States of America, sought to work with the good offices of the President of the Republic of Iraq to regain lost oil revenue sources in the neighboring Islamic republic of Iran.
In the of decade the nineteen - eighties father , my , then vice - president of the States United of America , sought to work with the good offices of the President of the Republic of Iraq to regain revenue lost oil in sources the neighboring republic Islamic of Iran .
The in decade the of nineteen - eighties , my father , - then vice president the of United of States America sought , to work with the good offices of the President of the Republic of regain Iraq to lost oil revenue sources in the Islamic neighboring republic of Iran .
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling-out with his Iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait, a wholly-owned U.S.-British subsidiary.
Unsuccessful this venture was soon followed a by - falling out his with Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire oil additional revenue sources in the neighboring emirate Kuwait of a , - wholly U owned . . S - British subsidiary .
Unsuccessful this venture soon was by followed a falling - out with his partner Iraqi , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue in sources the emirate neighboring Kuwait of , a - wholly owned U S . . - British . subsidiary
My father re-secured the petroleum assets of Kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty-one billion U.S. dollars ($61,000,000,000).
Father my - re the secured petroleum of assets Kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion U . S dollars . ( $ 61 , , 000 000 , 000 ) .
Father my re secured the - petroleum assets Kuwait of in at a 1991 cost of sixty one - billion U . . S ( dollars $ 61 000 , , 000 , 000 ) .
Out of that cost, thirty-six billion dollars ($36,000,000,000) were supplied by King Hussein, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchies, and sixteen billion dollars ($16,000,000,000) by German and Japanese partners.
Out of that thirty cost , - billion dollars six ( 36 $ , 000 , 000 , 000 ) were by supplied King Hussein , Kingdom of Saudi other Arabia and Persian Gulf monarchies , and sixteen billion dollars ( $ 16 , 000 , , 000 000 ) by German Japanese and partners .
Out of that , cost thirty six - billion ( dollars $ 36 000 , , 000 , ) 000 were supplied by King Hussein , Kingdom of Saudi and Arabia other Persian Gulf monarchies , and billion sixteen dollars ( $ 16 , 000 , 000 , ) 000 German by and partners Japanese .
But my father's former Iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves.
My but father ' s former Iraqi business in partner remained control the of republic Iraq of and its reserves petroleum .
Father but my s ' former Iraqi business in partner remained control of the republic of and Iraq its petroleum reserves .
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country, as compensation for the costs of removing him from power.
My family calling is for urgent your assistance funding in removal the of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of country his , as the compensation for of costs removing him from power .
Family my calling is for your assistance urgent funding the in removal of the President the of Republic of Iraq and acquiring petroleum the of assets country his , as compensation for the of costs removing him from power .
Unfortunately, our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture, which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ($100,000,000,000 - $200,000,000,000), both in the initial acquisition and in long-term management.
Unfortunately , our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of venture this new which , in its upcoming phase may the cost sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ( $ 100 , 000 , 000 , 000 - $ 200 , 000 , 000 , 000 ) , both the in initial acquisition and in term long - . management
Unfortunately , our partners 1991 are from willing not to shoulder burden the of this new venture , which in its upcoming phase may cost the of sum 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ( $ 100 , , 000 , 000 000 - $ 200 000 , , 000 000 , ) , both in the initial acquisition and long in - term management .
Without the funds from our 1991 partners, we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq.
The without funds from our partners 1991 , we not would be able to acquire oil the trapped revenue Iraq within .
Without the from funds our partners 1991 , we be would not able acquire to the oil revenue trapped Iraq within .
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance.
That is why family my our and urgently colleagues are seeking your gracious assistance .
That why is family our my and colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance .
Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company, and Condoleeza Rice, whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her.
Distinguished our colleagues in this transaction business include the sitting vice - president the of United States of America Richard , Cheney , who an is original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the oil Halliburton company , and Rice Condoleeza , whose professional to the dedication venture was demonstrated the in naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her .
Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice - president the United of States America of , Richard Cheney , who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head the of Halliburton oil company , and Condoleeza , Rice professional whose dedication to the venture demonstrated was in the naming a of Chevron tanker oil after . her
I would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty-five percent(10-25 %) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture.
I would to beseech you transfer equaling sum a ten to twenty - five percent 10 ( - 25 % ) your of income yearly to account our to aid this in important venture .
I would you beseech a to transfer sum ten equaling to twenty five - percent ( 10 - 25 % ) of your yearly income to our account aid to in this important venture .
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our trusted intermediary.
Internal the Service Revenue of the United States of America will function our as trusted intermediary .
Internal the Revenue of the Service United States of America will function as intermediary our trusted .
I propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth (15th) of the month of April.
I propose that you make this before transfer the ( 15th fifteenth of ) month the of April .
I propose that you make this the transfer before fifteenth ( 15th of ) of the month April .
I know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried.
I know that a transaction this of magnitude make would anyone apprehensive and worried .
I know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried .
But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day.
I but am assuring you all that well will be at the end of day the .
But I assuring am you all will that be well at of the end the day .
A bold step taken shall not be regretted, I assure you.
A step bold taken not shall be regretted I , assure you .
A bold taken step not shall be regretted , I assure . you
Please do be informed that this business transaction is 100% legal.
Do please be informed that this business transaction is % 100 . legal
Please be do informed that this business transaction is 100 % legal .
If you do not wish to co-operate in this transaction, please contact our intermediary representatives to further discuss the matter.
If you do not to wish co - in operate this transaction , contact please representatives intermediary our to discuss further the matter .
You do not if wish to - co operate in this transaction , please contact our representatives intermediary to further discuss the matter .
I pray that you understand our plight.
I pray understand that you our plight .
Pray I that you our understand plight .
My family and our colleagues will be forever grateful.
My family colleagues and our will be forever . grateful
Family my and our will be colleagues forever grateful .
Please reply in strict confidence to the contact numbers below.
Please strict reply confidence in to the contact numbers below .
Reply please strict in to confidence the contact numbers below .
Sincerely with warm regards,
With sincerely warm regards ,
Sincerely with regards warm ,
George Walker Bush Switchboard: 202.456.1414 Comments: 202.456.1111 Fax: 202.456.2461 e-mail: presid...@whitehouse.gov
George Walker Bush Switchboard : 202 456 . 1414 . Comments : 202 . 456 . Fax 1111 202 : 456 . . 2461 e mail - presid : . . . @ whitehouse gov .
George Walker Switchboard Bush 202 : . 456 . Comments : 1414 . 202 456 1111 . Fax 202 : . . 456 2461 e - : mail presid . . . whitehouse @ . gov
US battles to save storm victims
battles US to save storm victims
battles US to save storm victims
Watch the airlift
The watch airlift
The watch airlift
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina, the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades.
Emergency teams in the US southern are battling survivors to reach of Hurricane , Katrina the destructive most storm to hit country the in . decades
Teams emergency in the southern US battling are reach to survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most storm destructive to hit country the in decades .
Hundreds of people are feared dead in Mississippi, and the Louisiana city of New Orleans is badly flooded.
Of hundreds people are feared in dead Mississippi and , the Louisiana city New Orleans of is flooded badly .
Of hundreds people dead are feared in , Mississippi and the city Louisiana of New Orleans is flooded badly .
The city mayor said rescuers were unable to retrieve the dead.
The city said mayor were rescuers unable retrieve to the dead .
The mayor city said rescuers unable were to retrieve dead the .
"They're just pushing them aside," he said.
" They ' just re pushing aside them , he " said .
" ' They re pushing them just aside , " he said .
Amid worsening conditions, officials plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter.
Amid worsening conditions , officials plan to New evacuate a Orleans stadium up where to 20 , 000 people took . shelter
Amid worsening , conditions officials to evacuate plan a New Orleans stadium up where to 20 000 people , took shelter .
The Superdome stadium is without power, and toilets are overflowing.
Superdome the stadium is without power , toilets are and overflowing .
The Superdome stadium is without , power and overflowing toilets are .
Map of central New Orleans
Map of central Orleans New
Map central of New Orleans
"It's a very, very desperate situation," Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said.
" It ' a s very very , desperate , situation " Governor Louisiana Blanco Kathleen said .
" ' It s a very , very desperate situation , " Kathleen Louisiana Governor . Blanco said
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
[ error an while occurred processing this directive ]
[ an error while occurred this processing directive ]
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was "hell".
One resident of Orleans New from said escaping the was storm " hell " .
One resident of New Orleans escaping said from the storm " was hell " .
"We were screaming, hollering, flashing lights.
" We screaming were hollering , , lights flashing .
" We were screaming hollering , , flashing lights .
It was complete chaos," Kioka Williams told the Associated Press news agency.
Was it complete chaos , Kioka " told Williams the Associated Press news . agency
Was it chaos complete , " Kioka Williams told Associated the news Press agency .
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level.
Had she to her hack way through the ceiling of her shop beauty as flood waters rose the in city half of a million people - much lies which of sea below . level
She had hack to her through the way ceiling of her beauty as shop waters flood rose in the city of half a million people - which much of lies below level sea .
Flooding
Flooding
Flooding
Walls keeping water out of the bowl-shaped city have been breached, and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350kg (3,000lb) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps.
Keeping walls water out of the bowl shaped - city been have breached , and emergency are teams using helicopters drop to 1 , 350kg ( 3 , 000lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into gaps the .
Walls water keeping out of the bowl - shaped city have breached been , and emergency teams using are helicopters drop to 1 , 350kg 3 ( , 000lb ) and sandbags barriers concrete into gaps the .
Before the phones went, I was told [my family in Biloxi] had lost their roof, barn, 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water
The before phones went , I told was [ my family in ] Biloxi had lost roof their , barn , 2 trees oak and many pines and were they water in letting
Before the phones went , I was told my [ family in ] Biloxi had lost roof their barn , , 2 trees oak and many pines and were they letting water in
Natalie McVeigh Oakley, England
Natalie McVeigh Oakley England ,
McVeigh natalie Oakley , England
Your Katrina experiences
Katrina your experiences
Your experiences Katrina
Blogging Katrina
Katrina blogging
Katrina blogging
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin said up to 80% of the city was submerged, in some cases by waters 6m (20ft) deep.
Orleans new mayor Nagin Ray said to up 80 % of the city submerged was , in cases some by waters 6m ( 20ft deep ) .
Orleans new Ray mayor Nagin said to up 80 % of city the submerged was , in cases some by 6m waters ( 20ft deep ) .
He warned water levels could still rise.
He warned water could still levels rise .
He warned water could levels still . rise
"Some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet (some 3m) of water," he said.
" Some sections the of which city are dry could now nine see or feet 10 ( some ) 3m of water , said " he .
Some " sections of city the are which now dry could see nine or 10 feet ( 3m some ) water of , he " . said
The US Army Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters, and the government's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes.
Army US the Corps of Engineers says it could a take month to the flood clear waters , and government the ' s disaster relief agency has evacuees urged not to try get to back to homes their .
US the Army Corps of Engineers it says could take a to month clear the flood waters and , the government ' s disaster relief agency urged has evacuees not to try to get to back their homes .
The BBC's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out.
The BBC ' s Leithead Alastair New in there Orleans says is panic as vital supplies out run .
The ' BBC s in Alastair Leithead New Orleans says there is panic as supplies vital out run .
Heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting.
Armed heavily police have been to trying impose form a of law martial to stem outbreaks of . looting
Armed police have heavily been trying impose to a form of martial law stem to outbreaks of looting .
While some looters are stealing non-essential goods, others are simply trying to find food and water.
While looters some stealing non are - essential goods , others simply are to trying find and food water .
Some while stealing are looters non - essential goods , others are simply trying find to and food water .
'Hundreds dead'
' Hundreds ' dead
Hundreds ' dead '
The situation appears to be even worse in Mississippi.
Situation the to appears be even worse Mississippi in .
The situation to be appears even worse Mississippi in .
"You're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast," a state official said.
You " ' re to going looking be at dead hundreds along the coast , " a said state official .
" ' You re to going be at looking hundreds dead along the coast , " a state said official .
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
[ error an occurred while processing directive this ]
Casinos housed in barges have been hurled onto the beach and beyond.
Housed casinos in barges have hurled been the onto beach and beyond .
Housed casinos in been barges have hurled onto the beach and beyond .
Tens of thousands are homeless, and officials say it could be weeks before power is restored.
Tens thousands of homeless are , and say could officials it be weeks before power is restored .
Tens thousands of are homeless , and say officials it could be weeks before power restored is .
"I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago," said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air.
" I only imagine can that this what is looked Hiroshima like 60 years ago , said " Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing destruction the the from . air
I " only can that imagine is what this Hiroshima looked 60 like ago years , " said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the the destruction from air .
Survivors are being found all the time, including two children who lost their parents.
Survivors are being found all the time , including two who children lost parents their .
Are survivors being found all the time , including children two who parents lost their .
Harrison County in Mississippi bore the brunt of Hurricane Katrina as it slammed into Biloxi and Gulfport before heading inland.
Harrison County Mississippi in bore the brunt Hurricane of Katrina as it slammed Biloxi into and Gulfport heading before inland .
County harrison in Mississippi bore the brunt Hurricane of as Katrina slammed it into Biloxi and Gulfport inland before heading .
Mississippi media earlier reported 54 people killed in the state.
Mississippi earlier media reported people 54 killed in state the .
Media mississippi earlier 54 reported people in killed the state .
In Biloxi, 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge".
Biloxi in , 30 people reported were dead in block of one flats was which by hit 9m a ( 30ft ) storm " surge " .
In Biloxi , people 30 were dead reported in one of block flats was which by hit a 9m 30ft ( ) " storm surge " .
The town's death toll may be "in the hundreds", municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said.
Town the ' s toll may death be " in hundreds the " , municipal Creel spokesman Vincent said .
The town ' s toll may death " in be the hundreds " municipal , spokesman Vincent said Creel .
Mobilising
Mobilising
Mobilising
Louisiana's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome.
' louisiana s Blanco Governor urged residents to spend in Wednesday assured prayer and the them crisis would eventually be overcome .
Louisiana ' Blanco s Governor urged to residents Wednesday spend in prayer them and assured the crisis would eventually be overcome .
Follow Katrina's path
Follow ' Katrina s path
Katrina follow ' s path
The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest-ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas.
US the Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest - ever disaster natural effort federal and emergency are teams being to affected dispatched areas .
The US Cross Red has thousands mobilised of volunteers for its biggest - ever natural disaster federal effort and teams emergency being are dispatched areas to affected .
President George W Bush, who has cut his holiday two days short, has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations.
President W George Bush , who has cut his two holiday days short , has called to on donate Americans Red to the Cross or other . organisations
George president W Bush who , has cut his holiday days two short , has called on Americans to to donate Red the or Cross other organisations .
Damage estimates of more than $25bn suggest it could be the US insurance industry's most expensive natural disaster ever.
Damage estimates of more than $ could suggest 25bn it be the US insurance ' industry s most expensive natural ever disaster .
Estimates damage of more $ than suggest 25bn it could the be US insurance industry ' most s natural expensive disaster ever .
The price of crude oil on the international market hit a record $70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico.
The price of oil crude on the international market hit record a $ 70 . a 85 barrel due to vulnerability the oil of and gas in Gulf fields of the Mexico .
Price the crude of on oil the international market a hit record $ 70 . 85 a barrel due to the vulnerability oil of and gas in fields the Gulf of . Mexico
The US energy secretary has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves.
The secretary US energy has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves .
The US energy has secretary announced oil that be will released from petroleum government reserves .
Return to the top
To return the top
To return the top
MOON LANDING HOAX: CHURCH = TECHNOLOGY & GOVERNMENT - Shuttle Carried on Aircraft model
LANDING MOON HOAX : CHURCH = TECHNOLOGY & GOVERNMENT Shuttle - Carried on Aircraft model
LANDING MOON HOAX : = CHURCH TECHNOLOGY & GOVERNMENT - Carried Shuttle on model Aircraft
Q: NASA IS A WASTE!
Q : IS NASA A ! WASTE
Q : NASA WASTE IS A !
( Answered, 2 Comments )
Answered ( , 2 Comments )
( Answered , Comments 2 )
Question
Question
Question
Subject: NASA IS A WASTE!
: subject NASA IS WASTE A !
NASA subject : IS A WASTE !
Category: Science > Astronomy
Category : Science Astronomy >
: category Science > Astronomy
Asked by: yheggy-ga
Asked by : - yheggy ga
By asked : yheggy - ga
List Price: $2.00
Price list : 2 $ . 00
Price list : $ 2 00 .
Posted: 25 Oct 2004 18:32 PDT
Posted : 25 2004 Oct 18 : PDT 32
Posted : 25 2004 Oct 18 : PDT 32
Expires: 24 Nov 2004 17:32 PST
: expires 24 Nov 2004 : 17 32 PST
Expires : 24 2004 Nov : 17 32 PST
Question ID: 420072
Question ID 420072 :
Question ID 420072 :
How much money does the USA give NASA per year?
Much how money the USA does give NASA per year ?
Much how money the does give USA NASA per year ?
Answer
Answer
Answer
Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE!
Subject Re : : NASA IS WASTE A !
Subject : Re : NASA A WASTE IS !
Answered By: googlenut-ga on 25 Oct 2004 19:14 PDT
Answered : By googlenut ga - 25 on Oct 19 2004 : 14 PDT
Answered By : googlenut - ga 25 on 19 Oct 2004 14 : PDT
Hello yheggy-ga,
Hello - yheggy ga ,
Hello yheggy ga - ,
On September 21, 2004, the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved $16.379 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005.
September on 21 , , 2004 the U . S . Senate Appropriations approved Committee $ 16 . 379 in billion for funding NASA for fiscal 2005 year .
On 21 September , 2004 the , U . S . Appropriations Senate approved Committee 16 $ . 379 billion funding in for NASA for fiscal year 2005 .
This is a $200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004.
This a is $ 200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal 2004 year .
This a is $ 200 million increase what NASA over for received fiscal year 2004 .
U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations
. u S . Senate Committee Appropriations on
U . . S Senate Committee Appropriations on
Press Release
Release press
Release press
September 21, 2004
21 september , 2004
September 21 2004 ,
"National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA): is funded at $16.379 billion, an increase of $200 million over the FY04 enacted level, and a reduction of $665 million from the budget request.
" National Aeronautics Space and Administration ( NASA ) : is funded $ at . 16 379 billion an , of increase $ 200 over million FY04 the enacted and level , a of reduction $ 665 million from the budget request .
" National Aeronautics and Space ( Administration NASA ) : is funded at $ 16 . 379 , billion an of increase $ 200 million the over enacted level FY04 and , reduction a of $ 665 from million budget the request .
An additional $800 million in emergency funding was added for NASA during the Committee's consideration of the bill.
An additional $ 800 in million funding emergency was added for the NASA during Committee ' s consideration of the bill .
Additional an $ 800 in million funding emergency was added for during NASA the Committee ' consideration s of the . bill
-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $4.319 billion, the requested level from the Administration.
- - The return to activities flight Shuttle for the program funded at are $ 4 . 319 billion the , requested from level Administration the .
- - The return to flight for activities the Shuttle are funded program at $ . 4 billion 319 , requested the level the Administration from .
-- The International Space Station is funded at $1.6 billion.
- - International The Space Station is funded at 1 $ . billion . 6
- - Space The Station International is funded $ at 1 . 6 billion .
The bill reduces ISS operations by $120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05.
Bill reduces the operations ISS by $ 120 million due to continued the reduced capability of the ISS at for least FY05 half of .
The reduces bill ISS operations by $ 120 million to the due reduced continued capability of ISS the at for half least of FY05 .
-- The Moon/Mars vision:
- The - Moon / Mars : vision
- Moon - The / Mars vision :
--- The Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) is funded at $268 million.
- - - The Crew Vehicle Exploration ( CEV ) is funded $ at million 268 .
- - The - Exploration Crew Vehicle ( CEV ) funded is at $ million . 268
--- A lunar exploration mission is funded at $20 million.
- - - A lunar exploration mission funded is at $ million 20 .
- - - A exploration lunar is mission at funded 20 $ million .
--- $10 million is provided for Centennial Challenges.
- - - $ million 10 provided is for Challenges Centennial .
- - - $ 10 is provided million for Challenges Centennial .
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation (NRC): is funded at $115 million, the same as FY04 and the budget request."
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation NRC ( ) : is funded $ at 115 , million same the as FY04 the and request . budget "
Neighborhood reinvestment Corporation ( NRC ) : at funded is $ 115 million , the same as FY04 and budget request the . "
Spacetoday.net
Spacetoday net .
Spacetoday net .
Senate increases NASA funding
Senate increases funding NASA
Increases senate NASA funding
"The Senate Appropriations Committee used a somewhat controversial technique Tuesday to increase NASA's fiscal year 2005 budget by $200 million over what President Bush requested.
" Appropriations The Senate Committee used a controversial somewhat Tuesday technique to increase NASA ' s fiscal 2005 year budget by $ million 200 over what President requested Bush .
The " Senate Appropriations Committee used a somewhat controversial Tuesday technique to increase ' NASA s fiscal year 2005 budget by 200 $ million over what President requested Bush .
The committee voted to give NASA $16.4 billion in 2005, about $200 million more than what the President requested and over $1 billion more than what House appropriators approved in July."
Committee the voted give to NASA $ 16 . 4 billion in 2005 about , $ more 200 million than what the President requested over and $ 1 more what billion than House appropriators approved in . July "
The committee voted to give NASA $ 16 . 4 in billion , 2005 about $ 200 million more than President what the requested over $ and billion 1 more House than what appropriators approved in . July "
I hope you have found this information helpful.
Hope I you have found this information . helpful
Hope I have you found this information helpful .
If you have any questions, please request clarification prior to rating the answer.
You if have any questions , please request clarification to prior rating the answer .
If you have questions any please , request prior clarification rating to the answer .
Googlenut
Googlenut
Googlenut
Google Search Terms:
Search google Terms :
Search google Terms :
nasa funding
Funding nasa
Funding nasa
Comments Log in to add a comment
Log comments in to a add comment
Log comments in to a add comment
Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE!
: subject Re : NASA A IS WASTE !
Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE !
From: saem_aero-ga on 26 Oct 2004 18:11 PDT
From : saem_aero - ga on Oct 26 2004 18 11 PDT :
From : saem_aero - on ga 26 2004 Oct 18 : PDT 11
Excellent answer googlenut.
Answer excellent googlenut .
Answer excellent googlenut .
Let me add some additional info.
Let add me some info additional .
Me let add some info additional .
You can get details about NASA spending here, from their own webpage.
You get can details about spending NASA here , from own webpage their .
You get can about details spending NASA , here from their own webpage .
Also, from their own webpage, reasons why NASA is important, in a 5th grade format.
Also , from own webpage their , reasons why is NASA important , a in grade 5th format .
, also from webpage their own , reasons why NASA is important , a in 5th grade . format
I guess if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy-ga.
I guess you if someone are not familiar how with NASA benefits our I society can see how one form might the of yheggy opinion - . ga
Guess I if you are not someone with familiar how NASA our society benefits I see can how might one form the of opinion yheggy - ga .
Let me put it this way - If you have watched TV recently, crossed a modern bridge, flown in an airplane, recieved any form of modern medicine, did any mathematics, drove a car, used a cellular phone, etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which NASA has returned to us.
Let me it put this way - If you watched have TV recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an , airplane any recieved of form , modern medicine did mathematics any , a drove car , used a cellular phone , etc . then you have somehow directly the reaped rewards which NASA has returned to us .
Me let put it this way - If you watched have TV recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , any recieved form of modern medicine , did mathematics any , drove a car , used a cellular phone , . etc then have you somehow directly reaped the which rewards NASA returned has to us .
Also NASA has a large outreach program for education, some people believe this is important.
NASA also has a outreach large program for , education some people believe this is important .
NASA also has a large outreach program for education some , people believe is this important .
Best, Steve.
Best , . Steve
, best Steve .
Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE! From: jaqamofino-ga on 26 Apr 2005 06:02 PDT
Subject Re : : NASA A IS WASTE ! : From jaqamofino - ga on 26 Apr 2005 06 : PDT 02
Subject : : Re NASA IS A WASTE From ! : - jaqamofino on ga 26 Apr 06 2005 02 : PDT
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers' money, but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies, that i find it best not to think about it.
believe I NASA that is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , there but are so huge many wastes of tax monies , payer that find i it best not to it about think .
i believe NASA that a is HUGE waste of tax ' payers money , are but so there huge wastes many of tax payer monies , i that it find best not to think about it .
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste, but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA.
i think also the Endowment National for the Arts is a , waste i but i guess would see rather my money to go the NEA than . NASA
i also the think National Endowment the for Arts is a waste , i but guess would i see rather my money go to the than NEA NASA .
of course, in a perfect world, tax payers' money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program, and housing for the homeless, but this is far from a perfect world.
of course , a world in perfect , tax payers ' money go would toward some sort of healthcare national program , housing and for homeless the but , this is far from a perfect world .
of course , in a perfect world , tax payers money ' would toward go some sort of healthcare national , program and housing the homeless for , but is this far a from perfect world .
in response to Steve's comment: do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the ONLY way to invent the cellfone?
in Steve response to ' s : comment do you believe really that spending trillions on space exploration the over was years the way ONLY to the cellfone invent ?
in to response Steve ' comment s : you do really believe spending that trillions on space over exploration the years the way was ONLY to the invent cellfone ?
and bridges???
and ? bridges ? ?
bridges and ? ? ?
i find that extremely hard to believe.
i find extremely that to hard believe .
i find that to extremely hard believe .
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way, right here on bad-old-planet-earth.
i think it could have done in been a much more cost efficient , right way here on bad - old - - planet earth .
i think it could have been done a in more much efficient cost , way right here on bad - old planet - - earth .
just my two cents.
just my two . cents
just my cents two .
thanks for listening.
thanks listening for .
for thanks listening .
Please take a moment to read this.
Please a take moment to read . this
Please take a moment to this . read
I realize that it may sound strange, but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend.
Realize that I it may sound but strange , we are desparate in our and efforts are to willing try anything to help our dear sick friend .
I that realize it strange may sound , but we desparate are in our and efforts willing are to try to anything our help dear sick friend .
This costs absolutely nothing, and will take about one minute of your time.
This costs nothing absolutely , will and about take minute one of your time .
Costs this absolutely nothing , and will about take minute one your of time .
This is not a hoax, as so many of these emails actully are.
Is this not a hoax as , many so of emails these actully are .
This is not hoax a , as many so of emails these actully . are
In quick summary, Beyond Control, a local band in our area, is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out.
Quick in summary , Beyond Control , a band in local our area is , sponoring a for benefit cancer a whose benefits victim have run out .
In quick summary Beyond , , Control local a band in our area , is sponoring a for benefit cancer a victim benefits whose have out . run
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started.
That band is in involved a competition local which a promises $ 5000 first prize which , they would like to win order in to donate the it to benefit which fund they have started .
That band is in involved local a competition promises which a $ prize 5000 first , which would like they to win in to order donate to it the benefit fund which have they started .
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort.
Are below emails some friends to a explaining little more about this effort .
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort .
What we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band, in order to put them in first place.
What we trying are to do is solicit for votes band the , in order put to them in first place .
What are we trying to do is solicit votes for band the in , order to put first in them place .
They are currently in third place, and need your help so that the prize money can be used for a humanatarian cause.
Are currently they in place third , and need your help so that the money prize can used be for a humanatarian cause .
They are in currently place third and , your need help so the that prize can money used be for a humanatarian cause .
You can vote at the following link, it will only take a few seconds.
You can vote at the following , link it only will few take a seconds .
You can vote at the following link , will it only take few a seconds .
Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast your vote for Beyond Control.
Take please a to moment click on link the and below cast your for vote Beyond Control .
Please take moment a click to on below the link and cast your for vote Beyond Control .
Thank you in advance for your contribution to this effort.
Thank you advance in for your this contribution to effort .
Thank you in advance your for contribution to this effort .
Also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts.
Also , pass please this along to you know everyone , and all your of email . contacts
Also , pass please this along to everyone you know , and all of your email contacts .
We need the power of the internet to pull this off.
We need the of power the to internet pull off this .
We the need power of the internet pull to this . off
The web site is
Web the site is
The web is site
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website.
Can you check the of validity all of at this Beyond the Control website .
You check can the of validity all this of at the Control Beyond website .
That address is .
That is address .
Address that is .
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season.
Home the page Rockin on for the is River , and it all lists the acts scheduled for the . season
Page the home for Rockin the on is River , and it lists all the for acts scheduled the season .
You can check that out as well, to confirm that this is all real, and for a worthy cause.
You can that check out as well to confirm , this is that all real , and for worthy a cause .
You can out check that well as to , that confirm this is all , real and for a worthy cause .
Abby is our beloved friend, and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life-saving treatments.
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are raise trying to money for any her way can we so , this prize money to is important help her to continue receive life her - saving . treatments
Abby is our friend beloved , and we trying are to raise money for any her can way , we so prize this is money to important help her continue to her receive life - saving treatments .
Many thanks, and may God bless you all and keep you healthy.
, many thanks and may God bless you and all you keep healthy .
, many thanks and may God bless all you and you keep healthy .
Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your information.
Here some are emails we have , sent along with flyer for the the Benefit fund raiser we holding are in June , for just your information .
Are here emails some we have , sent along the with flyer for Benefit the fund raiser are we in June holding , just for your information .
Roy,
, roy
, roy
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit.
Am you I sending some info that have I passed regarding along the effort win to the for cash the fund raising benefit .
I sending am some you info I that have passed along regarding the to win effort the cash the for fund benefit raising .
If you can pass this info along, and ask everyone you know to forward it to their contacts, etc, we may have a shot at pulling this off.
If you can pass info this along , and everyone ask you know it to their forward to , contacts etc , may have we a shot at pulling this off .
If you pass can this info along , ask and everyone you to know forward it contacts to their , etc , we may have at a shot pulling this off .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
Fred
Fred
Fred
John,
, john
, john
I will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring.
I attach will letter explaining the the benefit we are sponsoring .
I will attach letter the the explaining we benefit are sponsoring .
There is a link to the contest page.
There a is link to contest the page .
Is there a to link the contest page .
Any help in distributing this will be greatly appreciated.
Any in distributing help this will be greatly . appreciated
Any in help this distributing will be appreciated greatly .
It is certainly for a good cause.
It is certainly for a good cause .
It is certainly a for good . cause
Abby needs to fly to New York twice a month for these treatments, and her time on the Federal Grant program has expired.
Needs fly abby to to New York twice a month for these treatments , and time on her the Federal Grant program has expired .
Needs abby to to fly New York twice a month for these treatments , and her the time on Federal Grant program expired has .
She doesn't have the funds to continue without the grant, and without these treatments, her prognosis is grim.
She doesn t ' have funds the to continue the without and grant without , these treatments , her prognosis is grim .
She doesn ' t have the funds continue to without the grant , without and these treatments , her is prognosis . grim
I hope you have a huge network.
I you hope have a network huge .
Hope I you have a huge . network
Also encourage your recipients to forward this along to their contacts, and so on, so that the movement to help her grows exponentially.
Encourage also your recipients to this forward along to their contacts , and so on so , movement the that to help grows her exponentially .
Encourage also your to recipients forward this along to their contacts , so and on , so that the to movement her help grows exponentially .
We must finish in first place in order to contribute the $5000 to the benefit fund.
We must finish first in in place order contribute to $ the 5000 to the benefit . fund
We in must finish place first in to order contribute the 5000 $ to the benefit fund .
Thank you so much for caring enough to offer your help.
You thank so much caring for to enough offer your help .
Thank you much for so caring enough to your offer help .
Fred
Fred
Fred
BENEFIT AUCTION & RAFFLE FOR ABBY FREEMAN
AUCTION BENEFIT & FOR RAFFLE ABBY FREEMAN
BENEFIT AUCTION RAFFLE & FOR FREEMAN ABBY
WHEN: JUNE 12, 2005, 2:00 P.M. TO 2:00 A.M.
: WHEN JUNE 12 , 2005 , 2 : 00 P M . 2 . TO A : 00 . M .
WHEN : JUNE 12 2005 , 2 , 00 : . P M TO . 2 : 00 . A M .
WHERE: MAIN STREET SALOON
: WHERE MAIN STREET SALOON
: WHERE MAIN STREET SALOON
ADMISSION: DONATIONS AT THE DOOR
ADMISSION : DONATIONS AT DOOR THE
ADMISSION : DONATIONS AT DOOR THE
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and she needs your help!
Freeman abby is our good friend has non who - Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !
Abby freeman our is friend good has who non - Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !
Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments.
Her grant the for life treatments saving she needs has run out , we and to need help her to to continue receive these treatments .
Grant her the life for saving treatments has she needs run out and , we need to her help to continue to receive these treatments .
Abby has three wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need her.
Has abby three wonderful children young , friends and who love and her need her .
Abby has three wonderful children young , and friends love her who and need . her
Please help us to help her win this fight.
Please us help to her help this win fight .
Help please to us her help win this fight .
With your help, we know she can do it!!
Your with help , know she we can do it ! !
Your with help we , know she do can it ! !
We'll have four bands, and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes.
' we ll bands have four , and Big is D cookin ' . . . . . lots fun and great of prizes .
We ' four ll have bands and , Big is cookin D ' . . . . . lots fun of and great . prizes
This is an event you don't want to miss!!
This is event you an don ' want t to miss ! !
This is an you event don ' t want to miss ! !
Bands, food, and prizes are sponsored by Beyond Control, who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1.
Bands food , , and prizes sponsored are Control by Beyond , who be will competing in the Band the of Year Contest the at Front River Festival in Cuyahoga on Falls 1 July .
, food bands , and prizes sponsored are by Control Beyond , will who be competing the in of the Band Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1 .
The winner of this competition will receive $5000, which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fund.
The winner of will this competition receive $ 5000 , which Beyond hopes Control to order win in to it donate to the fund Abby Freeman .
The of winner this competition will receive $ 5000 , Beyond which Control to hopes win in to order donate it to the Abby Freeman fund .
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .
Us please by logging help onto the Rockin on the River website at .
Please help us by logging onto Rockin the the on River website . at
Cast a vote for Beyond Control, and help us provide Abby with her life saving treatments again.
Cast a vote for Control Beyond , and help us Abby provide her with life saving treatments again .
A cast vote for Beyond Control , and help us provide with her Abby life saving treatments again .
Donations can also be made through Charter One Bank.
Can donations also be made through One Bank Charter .
Can donations also be made Charter through Bank One .
Make checks payable to Kendel Bunnell c/o Benefit for Abby Freeman
Make checks payable Kendel to Bunnell c o / Benefit Abby for Freeman
Make checks to payable Bunnell Kendel c / o Benefit Abby for Freeman
By Richard Spencer
By Spencer Richard
Richard by Spencer
(Filed: 19/11/2004)
( Filed : / 19 11 2004 / )
( Filed 19 : / 11 / ) 2004
China's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan.
China ' s insatiable demand for is energy fears prompting of and financial around diplomatic collisions the globe as it reliable seeks of supplies oil as from far as away Brazil and . Sudan
China ' s insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial diplomatic and collisions around as the globe seeks it supplies reliable of oil as from far away as Brazil and Sudan .
An intrusion into Japanese territorial waters by a Chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with Brazil are the latest apparently unconnected consequences of China's soaring economic growth.
An intrusion Japanese territorial into waters by a Chinese nuclear submarine last week and trade a with deal Brazil are the latest apparently unconnected consequences of ' China s soaring economic growth .
Intrusion an into Japanese waters territorial nuclear by a Chinese submarine last and week a trade deal with Brazil are latest the apparently consequences unconnected of China ' soaring s economic growth .
Increased car usage in China is creating a high demand for petrol
Increased car in usage China is creating a demand high petrol for
Increased car usage in China is high creating a demand petrol for
The connection, however, lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan.
The connection , however , lies in an order issued last by year President Hu to Jintao seek secure supplies oil abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped America by in case conflict of Taiwan over .
The connection , however , in lies an issued order last year by President Hu Jintao seek to secure supplies oil abroad - preferably which ones could not be by America stopped case in of conflict over Taiwan .
The submarine incident was put down to a "technical error" by the Chinese government, which apologised to Japan.
The submarine incident was put to down a " technical " error the by which Chinese government , apologised to Japan .
The incident submarine was put down to a " technical " error the by Chinese government , which apologised to . Japan
But even before the incident the People's Daily, the government mouthpiece, had commented that competition over the East China Sea between the two countries was "only a prelude of the game between China and Japan in the arena of international energy".
Even but before the incident the People ' Daily s , the government , mouthpiece had commented that over competition the China Sea East between the countries two was " only a of prelude the game between and China Japan in the arena of energy international " .
But even before incident the the ' People s Daily , the mouthpiece government , had that commented competition over the East China Sea between two the countries was " only a prelude of the game between and China Japan in arena the international of energy " .
The Brazil trade deal included funding for a joint oil-drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on the market.
The Brazil deal trade included funding for joint a oil - drilling and pipeline programme at a that cost experts said would add to up times three the of simply cost buying oil the on market .
The Brazil deal included trade funding for a joint oil - drilling pipeline programme at and cost a that experts said would add up to three times cost the of buying simply oil market on the .
The West, however, has paid little attention to these developments.
The West , however has , little paid attention these to developments .
The West , however , has paid attention little these developments to .
For the United States and Europe are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of China's relations with "pariah states".
The United for States and are Europe more far with concerned even the more issues of sensitive China ' s relations with " pariah states " .
United for the Europe States and are far more concerned with the more even sensitive of issues ' China s relations with " states pariah " .
In September, China threatened to veto any move to impose sanctions on Sudan over the atrocities in Darfur.
In september , China threatened to any veto move to sanctions impose Sudan on over the in atrocities Darfur .
In September , China threatened to veto any move to sanctions impose over on Sudan atrocities the in Darfur .
It has invested $3 billion in the African country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs.
Has invested it $ billion 3 in African the country s ' oil industry , supplies which it with seven per cent of needs its .
Invested it has $ 3 billion African in the country oil ' industry s , which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs .
Then, this month, it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran's nuclear stand-off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council.
Then this , month , said it that moves it opposed to Iran refer ' nuclear s stand - off the International with Atomic Energy to Agency the United Nations Security Council .
, then month this it , that said opposed it moves to refer Iran ' s stand nuclear - off with International the Atomic Energy to Agency the United Nations Council Security .
A week before, China's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran, which already supplies 13 per cent of China's needs.
A week , China before ' s second biggest firm state oil had a signed $ 70 billion oilfield deal and for natural gas development Iran with , which already supplies 13 cent per of China ' s needs .
A week before , China ' s second state biggest oil had firm signed a $ billion 70 for deal oilfield and development natural with gas Iran which , already 13 supplies per cent of China ' needs s .
China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter.
China has reserves its own of and oil natural gas once and was a net exporter oil .
Its china has own of reserves oil and gas natural and once was net a oil exporter .
But as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades, so has its demand for energy.
But as economy its has by expanded an of average nine per per cent year the for two last , decades so has its for demand energy .
As but its economy expanded has by average an of nine per cent per year the for last two decades , has so its demand energy for .
This year it overtook Japan as the world's second largest consumer of energy, behind the US.
This year it overtook as the Japan world ' s second consumer largest energy of , behind the US .
Year this it Japan overtook the world as ' s second largest consumer of , energy the behind US .
Its projected demand, boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation, has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year.
Its projected demand , by boosted a rise huge in ownership car well as as need the find alternatives to polluting to coal for electricity generation , contributed has to the surge in the of price oil this year .
Projected its demand , boosted by a huge rise in as car ownership well as the to need alternatives find to coal for electricity polluting generation , has to contributed the surge in price the of oil this year .
Shortages are already leading to power cuts in the big cities.
Shortages are already leading to power in cuts big the . cities
Shortages are already leading power to in cuts the cities big .
Since President Hu ordered state-owned oil firms to "go abroad" to ensure supply, they have begun drilling for gas in the East China Sea, just west of the line that Japan regards as its border.
Since President Hu ordered state - owned firms oil to go " abroad " to ensure supply , they begun have drilling for gas the in East China Sea just west , of the line that regards as Japan . its border
Since President Hu ordered state - owned oil firms to " abroad go to " ensure supply , they begun have drilling for in gas the East China , just west Sea of line the Japan that regards its as border .
Japan protested, to no avail, that the project should be a joint one.
Protested japan to , no avail , that the project should be joint a . one
Protested , japan no to avail , that the project should a be joint one .
The two are also set to clash over Russia's oil wealth.
The are two also to set clash Russia over s ' oil wealth .
The are two set also to clash over Russia ' s oil wealth .
China is furious that Japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia intends to build to the Far East.
China is that furious Japan has it outbid in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that intends Russia to build to the Far . East
Is china furious that Japan outbid has it in battle their to the determine route of the that pipeline Russia to intends to build the East Far .
Japan favoured a route to the sea, enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China.
Favoured japan route a to the sea , oil enabling shipped to be to both Japan and China .
Favoured japan route a to the sea enabling oil , to shipped be to both Japan and China .
China wanted an overland route through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke out.
China wanted an route overland through own territory its , which would give it ultimate control if broke hostilities out .
China wanted an overland route through its own territory which would , give it control ultimate if hostilities out broke .
Increasingly, analysts are saying that China's efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests.
Increasingly , analysts saying are that China s ' efforts have gone beyond is what even safe or in its own . interests
, increasingly analysts are saying China that ' efforts s have beyond gone what is or safe even in its interests own .
Claude Mandil, the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris, said the reserves in the East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble.
Mandil claude , the executive director of Energy the International Agency Paris in , the said reserves the in East China Sea were hardly the trouble worth .
Mandil claude , the executive director of the Energy International Agency in Paris said , reserves the in the East China Sea were worth the hardly trouble .
"Nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world," he said.
" thinks Nobody that there will be lot a oil of gas and in this part of world the , " he said .
" thinks Nobody that will there be a lot of gas oil and in this part of world the , " he said .
"It may be a difficult political issue but I don't think the energy content is worthwhile."
It " be may a difficult political but issue I don ' t think the energy is content worthwhile . "
" It may a be difficult political issue I but ' don t think the energy content worthwhile is . "
Eurasia Group, a New York-based firm of political analysts, said its oil experts worked out that China was paying such an inflated price for its investment in Brazil that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times the market price.
Eurasia Group a , New York based - firm of political analysts said , its oil experts worked that out China such was paying an inflated price for its investment in Brazil that the cost for the oil it up with ended was three times market the . price
Group eurasia , New a York - based of firm political analysts , said its experts oil worked out that China paying was such an inflated price for its investment in Brazil that the cost for the oil it ended with up was three times the market price .
"If China's economy falters, which, in my view, appears increasingly likely, then commodity prices will plummet, and with them, the value of the assets that produce them," Jason Kindopp, Eurasia's lead China analyst, said.
" If China ' s economy falters , which , in my view appears , increasingly likely , then commodity will plummet prices , and with them , the value the of assets that produce , them Kindopp " Jason , Eurasia ' lead s China analyst , said .
" If ' China s falters economy , which , in my view , appears likely , increasingly then commodity prices will plummet , and them with , the value the of assets them that produce , " Jason Kindopp , Eurasia ' s lead China analyst , said .
"Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them."
Beijing " end may up in a 1990s early Japan situation , it where is forced sell to recently purchased overseas assets for fraction a what of it for them paid . "
" may end Beijing up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it forced is sell to recently overseas purchased assets for a fraction of it what for paid them . "
China's wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat to its international standing in the next decade.
China ' s aggression wider to secure oil and gas was the threat greatest to its standing in international the next decade .
China ' s wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest to threat its international standing in the next . decade
"Sudan is the primary example," he said.
" Sudan the is primary , example he " said .
Sudan " is primary the example , he " said .
"It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain."
" It the marks time first recent in years that has China promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security against Council petition a initiated by the States United and backed France by and Great Britain . "
" It marks first the in time recent years that China has promised to its wield veto in power the UN Security a Council against initiated petition by the United States backed and by France and Great Britain . "
Email: dharmad...@gmail.com
Email dharmad : . . . @ com gmail .
: email dharmad . . . @ com gmail .
Visualizations as a helpful beginning technique
Visualizations as helpful a beginning technique
Visualizations as helpful a beginning technique
-----------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence, try the following before moving onto the more formal method below.
You if consider you that still the need of assistance other visualizations help to the mind feel the transcendence spirit of , try following the moving before onto the formal more method below .
If you consider you that still need the assistance of visualizations other help to mind feel the the spirit transcendence of , try the following before onto the moving more formal method below .
Visualisations can be as useful tools, but meditation is more than that.
Can visualisations be as useful tools , meditation but is more than that .
Can visualisations be as useful tools , meditation but more is that than .
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation.
Meditation has do to with what called is . ideation
Has to meditation do what with is called ideation .
It is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the MP3 file that follows after the visualisations.
It is always good stick to to a formal meditation intense practice one like for the described beginners in the MP3 that follows file after the visualisations .
It is always to good stick to a intense formal practice meditation one like the for beginners described in the that MP3 file follows after the . visualisations
Find a comfortable place on the floor and sit with your legs crossed.
A find comfortable place the on floor and sit with crossed your legs .
A find comfortable place on the floor and sit with your legs . crossed
Place your hands one on top of the other in your lap, keep your back straight, eyes closed and tongue on the roof of your mouth.
Your place hands one top on of the in other your lap , keep your back straight eyes , and closed the tongue roof on of your mouth .
Place your hands one on of top the other your in lap , keep your back straight , closed and eyes tongue on roof the your of mouth .
Your breathing should be calm and relaxed, through the nose.
Breathing your should calm be and relaxed , through nose the .
Breathing your should be calm and relaxed , nose through the .
Spend a minute or so concentrating on your breath, feeling the air flowing through your nostrils.
Spend a minute or concentrating so on your breath , air feeling the flowing through your nostrils .
A spend minute or concentrating so on breath your , feeling the air flowing your through . nostrils
1. Warm Sun Visualization
. 1 Warm Sun Visualization
. 1 Warm Sun Visualization
Continue to breathe slowly and deeply.
Continue to slowly breathe and . deeply
To continue breathe and slowly deeply .
With each breath, feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter, and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness.
Each with breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external and organs motor sensory are feeling like they are from world withdrawing the a into special inner quietness .
With each breath feel , the muscles in your body becoming lighter lighter and , and also your external motor organs and are sensory like they feeling are withdrawing the from world into a quietness special inner .
Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally.
The imagine tension melting away continue as you breathing rhythmically and naturally .
Imagine the tension melting as away you breathing continue and rhythmically naturally .
Picture yourself sitting on a warm, tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ... .
Picture sitting yourself on a warm , tropical beach basking glow in the the of sun . . . .
Picture on yourself sitting a warm , beach tropical basking the glow of in the sun . . . .
Visualize the vivid, beautiful colours of the earth (its flowers and plants), the sea next to you, and the sky above you.
Visualize the vivid , beautiful of colours ( the earth flowers its and plants ) the , sea next to , you the and sky above . you
Visualize the vivid , beautiful colours of earth the ( flowers its plants and ) , the next sea you to , and the sky you above .
Feel yourself floating above the earth and sea.
Yourself feel above floating the earth and sea .
Feel yourself floating the above earth sea and .
As you sit above the world, the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer.
You as above sit the world , the warmth the sun of golden penetrates body your and you makes feel warmer and warmer .
You as sit the above , the world warmth of the sun golden your penetrates body and makes you feel and warmer warmer .
It surrounds you.
It you surrounds .
Surrounds it you .
The golden rays feel soft and soothing.
The rays golden feel soft soothing and .
The feel golden rays soft and soothing .
Now you are far above the earth - into space.
You now are far above earth the - into . space
Now are you above far the earth - space into .
Everything around you is so vast.
Everything around is you vast so .
Everything around is you vast so .
Yet, there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness.
, yet there is warmth a and familiarity with vastness the .
Yet there , and is warmth a familiarity with the vastness .
You want to merge your mind with the greater universal Mind that surrounds you.
Want you to mind merge your with the greater universal Mind that surrounds . you
Want you to merge your mind with the greater universal that Mind surrounds you .
Continue to ideate on this intense desire for your mind to merge with the that universal Consciousness.
To continue ideate this on intense for desire your mind to with the merge that universal Consciousness .
Continue to ideate on desire this intense your for mind to merge the with universal that Consciousness .
And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra (breathe in with Baba Nam, breathe out with Kevalam).
Doing and while continue so using the Baba Nam mantra ( Kevalam breathe in with Baba Nam breathe , out Kevalam with ) .
And while doing so using continue the Baba mantra Nam Kevalam ( in breathe with Nam Baba , breathe out with Kevalam ) .
Try this for 5 to 10 minutes.
Try this 5 for to minutes 10 .
This for try 5 to 10 minutes .
Now come back to earth again - slowly.
Now come back to again earth - . slowly
Now come back to earth again - slowly .
Imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully.
Imagine sitting yourself the on serenely beach and restfully .
Imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and . restfully
Your muscles are loose and limp.
Your muscles are and loose . limp
Your muscles are loose and limp .
Feel your body sinking slightly into the sand making that earthly connection again.
Feel your sinking body slightly the into sand making that earthly connection again .
Your feel body sinking into slightly sand the making earthly that connection again .
The sun's rays and warmth are still with you, surrounding you.
The ' sun rays s and warmth are still you with surrounding , you .
The ' sun s rays and warmth still are you with surrounding , you .
You are in a state of peace and relaxation.
You are a state in of peace relaxation and .
Are in you a of state peace and relaxation .
With each breath, watch your body and ensure that it remains relaxed - at peace.
With each breath watch , your body and ensure that it remains relaxed peace - at .
With breath each watch , your body and that ensure remains it - relaxed at peace .
Continue to feel the warmth of the sunlight all over your body, warming you deeply and gently.
To feel continue the warmth of the all sunlight over your body , warming deeply you and . gently
To continue the feel warmth of the sunlight your all over body warming , you deeply and gently .
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind.
To you want something bring back with you from your space deep experience where sensed you mind your with merging the universal Mind .
Want you to bring something back you with from your deep space experience where you sensed your merging mind the with Mind universal .
This will be the warmth of the sun - a close reminder and link between earth and the infinite space.
Will this be the warmth the of sun - a close reminder link and between and earth space the infinite .
This be will the of warmth sun the - close a and reminder link between earth and infinite the space .
Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light, absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun.
Visualize the of inside body your bathed in the light golden , absorbing every ray glowing and as radiantly as the sun .
Visualize the inside your of bathed body in golden the light , absorbing every ray and radiantly glowing as as the . sun
A warm, gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .
A , warm gentle breeze swirls around your and body relaxes you even more .
A warm , breeze gentle swirls around your body relaxes and you even more .
Let your mind and body be totally at peace.
Let your mind and be body at totally . peace
Your let and mind body be totally at . peace
Now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a little, stretch them.
Now yourself feel returning to where you sit . . move . your and hands a feet little , them . stretch
Now feel returning yourself where to you sit . . . and move your feet hands a little , stretch them .
Open your eyes.
Open eyes your .
Open eyes your .
2. Mountain Visualization
2 . Visualization Mountain
2 . Visualization Mountain
Another thing you can try.
Another you thing can try .
Thing another you can try .
Imagine you're sitting on top of a mountain, and that it's the most peaceful place you can think of.
Imagine you ' re sitting top on a of mountain , and it that ' s the place most peaceful you can think of .
You imagine ' re sitting on top a of mountain , it and that ' s the most peaceful place you can of think .
Feel that you're sitting there in complete peace, right on top of the world.
That you feel ' re there sitting in peace complete , on right top of the world .
Feel you that re ' there sitting in complete peace , right on top of the world .
Now imagine that infinite happiness is surrounding you in every direction.
Imagine now that infinite happiness is you surrounding every in direction .
Now that imagine infinite is happiness surrounding you in direction every .
Feel you're completely surrounded by that infinite peace and happiness.
Feel ' you completely re surrounded by that infinite and peace happiness .
Feel you ' re surrounded completely that by peace infinite and happiness .
Now start to repeat within your mind the mantra: BABA NAM KEVALAM.
Now to start within repeat your mind mantra the : BABA NAM . KEVALAM
Start to now your repeat within mind the mantra : BABA NAM KEVALAM .
Its meaning is "Infinite happiness is everywhere".
Meaning its is " Infinite is everywhere happiness " .
Is its meaning " happiness Infinite is everywhere " .
Feel the meaning, don't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit (BABA NAM KEVALAM) to an English meaning (Infinite peace and happiness).
The feel , meaning don ' t think just of its wordy or meaning try translate to from Sanskrit BABA ( NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .
Meaning feel don the , ' t just think of its wordy or meaning to try from translate Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an meaning English ( Infinite happiness peace and ) .
Think internally, intuitively, not by words, of the meaning, as you're repeating it.
Internally think , , intuitively not words by , of meaning the , as you ' it re repeating .
, think internally intuitively , not by , words the meaning of as , you ' re repeating it .
This is called ideation.
Is this called ideation .
This is ideation called .
It is important to take the idea, not just the intellectual analysis.
It is to important take the , idea not just the intellectual analysis .
It important is to take the idea , just intellectual not the analysis .
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process.
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - a it is synthetic process .
Touching deep into the idea is builds intuition what - it synthetic is a process .
Whereas, trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process.
, trying whereas to translate and grapple with meanings wordy is intellectual mechanism an - an analytical process .
Whereas , to trying and translate grapple with wordy is meanings intellectual an mechanism - an process analytical .
Feel you're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness, and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you.
Feel you ' re surrounded by peace and infinite , happiness and that feel own your sense of existence is direct in with contact that endless peace happiness and around all you .
Feel you ' re surrounded peace by infinite happiness and , feel and own that your sense of existence is in direct contact with that and endless peace happiness around all you .
You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness, a dot in the Infinite Consciousness, is merging with Infinity.
Go you can further and feel that your unit consciousness dot , a in Infinite the , Consciousness is merging with Infinity .
You go can further and feel that your unit consciousness , a dot the in Infinite Consciousness , merging is with . Infinity
Continue for as long as you like, then open your eyes.
Continue for as long as you like , then your open eyes .
Continue for as long as you then like , open eyes your .
OK that is fairly basic :).
that is OK fairly basic : ) .
that is OK fairly basic : ) .
The important point is to develop some psycho-spiritual connection between your mind and the universal Consciousness or Supreme Consciousness.
Important the point to is develop some psycho spiritual - connection your between mind the and Consciousness universal or Supreme Consciousness .
The point important is to some develop psycho - spiritual between connection your mind and the Consciousness universal or . Supreme Consciousness
Don't worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that's normal.
Don ' t worry if trouble you concentrating have on mantra the and ideation - that normal ' s .
Don ' t worry if have you trouble concentrating the on mantra - and ideation ' that normal s .
It takes some time and practice to be able to focus on the one thought.
It takes some and time to practice be able to focus on thought the one .
It takes time some and practice to be able to on focus one the . thought
The main thing is to keep practicing.
The main thing to is keep . practicing
The thing is main to keep practicing .
If you don't practice, then nothing happens.
If don ' you t practice , nothing then happens .
If don you ' practice t , nothing then happens .
Well maybe a miracle could happen, but lets face it we're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques!
Well maybe a miracle could happen , but lets face we it ' re ordinary and people require practical so day to techniques day !
Well maybe a could miracle happen , but it lets face we ' re people ordinary and so practical require to day techniques day !
---
---
---
NORTH CAROLINA RELIGIOUS COALITION FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY
CAROLINA NORTH COALITION RELIGIOUS FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY
NORTH CAROLINA COALITION RELIGIOUS MARRIAGE FOR EQUALITY
From what we hear from the news media, one could easily conclude that all Christians are opposed to gay marriage.
From what we from hear the media news , could one easily that all conclude Christians are opposed gay to marriage .
What from we hear from the news , media one could easily conclude Christians that all are to opposed gay . marriage
But thats not the case.
But that  not s case the .
But that  s not the case .
Last year an organization named the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality was formed to get out the message that at least some people of faith are not opposed to extending the rights and responsibilities of civil marriage to same-gender couples.
Last an organization year the named North Religious Carolina Marriage Coalition for Equality was formed to get out the message at that least some people of faith are not opposed to the extending rights responsibilities and of marriage civil to same - gender couples .
Last organization year an North named Carolina the Religious Coalition for Equality Marriage formed was to get out the that message at least some people of faith are opposed not to extending the rights and responsibilities civil of marriage to same - gender couples .
One of NCRC4MEs major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached Declaration of Religious Leaders, which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature.
One of NCRC4ME    s major is efforts to collect signatures for the attached  of Declaration Religious Leaders ,  has been which and will again to be presented members of the NC legislature .
One of  NCRC4ME   s efforts major to collect is for signatures the attached  Declaration of Religious Leaders ,  has been which and will be again presented to of members the legislature NC .
It presents the case for marriage equality and states, We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.
It presents the for case marriage equality and states ,  resolved We are the State that not interfere should with same - couples gender who choose to and marry share fully and equally in the , rights responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage . 
It presents the case for marriage equality and states ,  We are that resolved the State not interfere should same with - gender couples who choose marry to and share fully and in equally the rights responsibilities , , and commitments civil of marriage . 
A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session, so there is a real need for visible support for the pro-same-gender-marriage side of this issue.
Measure a to amend the Constitution NC to gay ban marriage defeated was last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session , there so is a need real for visible for support the  pro - same - gender -  marriage side of this issue .
Measure to a amend the NC Constitution to gay ban marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 session legislative , so there a is real for need visible for support  the pro - - same gender - marriage side  of this issue .
At its February meeting the CHS Vestry voted unanimously to add their names to the Declaration.
At February its the meeting CHS Vestry voted unanimously to their names add to Declaration the .
At its February meeting the Vestry CHS to voted unanimously add their names to . the Declaration
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration.
Rector our Barbara and our Clare Deacon also have the signed Declaration .
Rector our our Barbara and Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration .
Furthermore, the Vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the CHS congregation for the Declaration.
Furthermore , the voted Vestry to unanimously invite the support of of members the congregation CHS the for . Declaration
Furthermore , the unanimously Vestry to voted invite the support members of the of congregation CHS for the Declaration .
(Since the Declaration is written as coming from religious leaders, people who dont consider themselves religious leaders can sign as Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality.)
( Since the Declaration is written coming as  religious from leaders ,  people who don  consider t  themselves religious leaders  sign can  as Supporters of the North Carolina Coalition for Religious Marriage Equality  . )
( Since the is Declaration written coming as from  leaders religious ,  people who don  t themselves  religious consider leaders  can sign as Supporters  of North the Religious Carolina for Coalition Marriage Equality .  )
Please note that the Declaration addresses only civil marriage; it says nothing about religious beliefs or practices regarding marriage.
Please that note the addresses Declaration civil only marriage ; nothing it says religious about beliefs or practices regarding marriage .
Please note that the Declaration only addresses civil marriage ; it nothing says about beliefs religious or regarding practices marriage .
If you have any questions please feel free to call me (after Sat. the 26th, when I will return from a trip).
If you have questions any please free feel call to ( me after Sat the 26th . , when I will return from a trip ) .
You if have any questions please feel call free to me ( after Sat . the , 26th when I return from will a trip ) .
Sign-up lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6, or you can email me.
- sign lists up be will at available the services Feb on . and 27 March 6 , or you can me email .
Sign - lists up will be available at the services Feb on . and 27 6 March , you or can me . email
I will email names and email addresses (or postal addresses) of signers to NCRC4ME in time for their lobby day in Raleigh on March 15.
I will email and names email addresses ( or addresses postal ) of signers to NCRC4ME in time for their lobby  day  Raleigh in on March . 15
I email will and names email addresses ( or addresses postal ) of signers NCRC4ME to time in for their lobby  day in  Raleigh on March 15 .
Thank you for your consideration of this issue.
Thank you your for consideration of issue this .
Thank you for your consideration of this issue .
For the Church of the Holy Spirit Vestry,
For the of Church the Holy Vestry Spirit ,
For Church of the the Holy Spirit Vestry ,
Dudley Cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com
Cate dudley 828 296 - - jodud 8466 . . . aol @ . com
Dudley 828 Cate - - 8466 296 jodud . . . aol @ . com
---------------------------
---------------------------
---------------------------
North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality Declaration of Religious Leaders April 19, 2004
North Carolina Religious Coalition Marriage for Declaration Equality Religious of Leaders April 19 2004 ,
North Carolina Religious for Marriage Coalition Equality of Declaration Religious April Leaders 19 , 2004
The most fundamental human right, after the necessities of food, clothing and shelter, is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings.
The most human right fundamental , after the necessities food of , clothing and shelter , right is the to affection and the of love supportive other beings human .
The most human fundamental right , the after necessities of food , clothing and shelter , the right is to and affection supportive the love other of human beings .
We become most fully human when we love another person.
We most become fully human when another we love person .
Become we most fully human when we love another person .
We can grow in our capacity to be human - to be loving - in a family unit.
We can grow in capacity our to be human - be to loving - family in unit a .
We can grow in our capacity to be - human to be loving - family in a unit .
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to "secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.
This to right love and form family a is so fundamental that our States United Constitution it takes for granted in its to dedication " secure blessings the of liberty to ourselves our and . posterity 
Right this to and love form a family is so fundamental that United our Constitution States takes it granted for in dedication its to " secure the blessings of liberty to and ourselves our posterity  .
The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the inalienable rights of human beings to "life, liberty, the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor, and the pursuit of happiness."
The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the rights   inalienable of beings human to " life , liberty , the enjoyment the of fruits own of their labor , and the pursuit happiness of . "
North the Carolina likewise Constitution affirms the  rights inalienable  of human beings to " life , liberty the enjoyment , of the of fruits their labor own , and the of pursuit happiness . "
Throughout history, tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families, they can kill the spirit of those peoples.
Throughout , history known tyrants that have by the denying right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture , families they can kill the spirit peoples of those .
Throughout history have , tyrants that known by denying right of the oppressed peoples form to and nurture families they , can kill the spirit those of peoples .
>From the shameful history of slavery in America, the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right.
> From shameful the history of America slavery in , injustice the of people forbidding marry is to evident as a of denial a basic human right .
> the history From shameful of slavery in , America the injustice of forbidding to people is marry evident a as denial of a human basic right .
The American laws forbidding interracial marriage, now struck down, were clearly discriminatory.
The laws American forbidding marriage interracial , now struck down , were clearly discriminatory .
The interracial American laws forbidding marriage , now down struck , were clearly discriminatory .
Denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities and social injustice.
Denial of the status of marriage to those who would accept freely its creates responsibilities and legal economic inequities social and injustice .
Denial of status the of marriage to who those would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic and inequities injustice social .
We feel called to protest and oppose this injustice.
We feel called to and oppose protest injustice this .
We feel called protest to oppose and this . injustice
As religious people, clergy and lay leaders, we are mandated by faith to stand for justice in our common civic life.
As people religious , lay clergy and leaders , are we by mandated faith to stand for justice in common our life civic .
As religious people , clergy lay and leaders , we are mandated by faith to stand justice for our in life common civic .
We oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same-gender couples.
We oppose the use of texts sacred and traditions religious legal to deny equity - to same gender couples .
We oppose use the of texts sacred religious traditions and to legal deny equity to same gender - couples .
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry.
Concerned as citizens affirm we the of liberty adults of same the gender love to and marry .
As concerned citizens we the affirm of liberty adults the of same to gender love marry and .
We insist that no one, especially the state, is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults, whether of the same or differing genders, from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving, thus more fully human.
We insist that one no , especially the state , to is coerce allowed into people marriage or bar consenting two adults , whether of the same or genders differing , from forming the family unit that lets them more be fully , loving thus more human fully .
We insist that no one , especially the , state is allowed to coerce people into marriage bar or adults two consenting , of whether the same differing or genders , from the forming family unit that them lets be more fully loving thus , more human fully .
We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical issues involved.
We respect the and that fact debate discussion continue in many of our communities religious to as the scriptural , and theological liturgical issues involved .
Respect we the fact debate that and continue discussion in many of our communities religious as to scriptural the , theological liturgical and issues . involved
However, we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction.
However , we draw our on many faith to arrive traditions at common a conviction .
However , we draw on faith many our traditions to at arrive a common conviction .
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.
Are we that the resolved State should interfere not with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in rights the , responsibilities and , commitments of civil marriage .
Are resolved we that State the should not interfere with - gender couples same who choose to marry share and fully and equally the in rights responsibilities , , and commitments civil of marriage .
We affirm freedom of conscience in this matter.
We affirm freedom in of conscience this matter .
We affirm freedom in of conscience this matter .
We recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at, or bless, same-gender marriages.
We recognize that state the may require religious groups not officiate to at or , bless , same - gender marriages .
Recognize that we the state may not require groups religious to at officiate or , bless , same gender - marriages .
Likewise, a denial of state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at, and bless, same-gender marriages.
, likewise a denial of state recognition dishonors civil convictions the religious of those communities clergy and who officiate at , bless and , same - marriages gender .
Likewise , denial a of state recognition civil dishonors the religious of convictions those communities and clergy officiate at who , and bless , same gender - marriages .
The state may not favor the convictions of one religious group over another by denying individuals their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages recognized by civil law.
State the not may favor the convictions of group one religious by over another individuals denying their right fundamental to marry and to have those recognized marriages by civil law .
The state may favor not the convictions of one group religious another over denying by their individuals fundamental to right and marry to those have marriages recognized civil by law .
As faith leaders, we commit ourselves to public action, visibility, education, and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry.
As leaders faith , we commit ourselves to public , action visibility education , and mutual , support in service of the right the and freedom to marry .
As faith leaders , we commit to ourselves action public , , visibility education , and in mutual support service the of the freedom right and to marry .
--
--
--
Tom Dempsey Gulf Breeze, FL 850-748-0740
Tom Dempsey Gulf Breeze , FL 850 - - 748 0740
Tom Dempsey Breeze Gulf , FL 850 - 748 - 0740
Email: Bill McGinnis <bmc...@patriot.net>
Email : McGinnis Bill bmc < . . . @ . net patriot >
: email McGinnis Bill bmc < . . . @ patriot . > net
The One Reason Why All Americans Should Oppose The Nomination Of Samuel Alito
The Reason One Why All Americans Should Oppose The Nomination Of Samuel Alito
One Reason Why the All Americans Should Oppose The Nomination Of Samuel Alito
He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power To The President
Tear he Would Down System Our Of And Checks Balances , Giving Far Too Power Much To The President
He would Tear Down Our System Of And Checks Balances , Giving Far Too Power Much To President The
My Fellow Americans:
My Americans Fellow :
My Americans Fellow :
As many of you may have heard, President Bush has nominated a long-time Federal Judge named Samuel Alito to become the next member of the United States Supreme Court, to fill a vacancy created by the retirement of another member of the Court.
Many as of have you may heard , Bush President has nominated a long - time Judge Federal named Samuel to Alito the become next member of the United States Supreme Court , to fill a vacancy by created the of retirement another member the of Court .
Many as of you may have heard , President Bush has a nominated - time long Federal Judge named Alito Samuel to become the next member of the United States Supreme Court , to a fill vacancy created the by retirement of member another of the Court .
Under our Constitution, this nomination cannot take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent, as described in our Constitution, Article II, Section 2.
Our under Constitution , this nomination take cannot unless effect and the until United Senate gives States its Consent , described as in our Constitution , Article II , Section 2 .
Under Constitution our , this nomination cannot take effect and unless until the States Senate United gives its Consent as , in described our Constitution , Article , II Section 2 .
A copy of the Constitution, with links back to the official source, is located at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt
Copy a of Constitution the , back with links to the official source , located is http at : / / loveallpeople . org / usconstitutiona . txt
Copy a the Constitution of , with the links back to source official , located is at http : / / loveallpeople . org / usconstitutiona . txt
Judge Samuel Alito is very highly qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this position:
Judge Samuel is Alito highly very qualified by of all the normal standards used to candidates evaluate this position for :
Judge Samuel Alito highly very is qualified by all the of normal standards to used evaluate for candidates this position :
He has a very high intellect.
He has a very high intellect .
He has a very high intellect .
He graduated very high in his class, from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale.
He graduated very his in high class , from Princeton and undergraduate from Law School at . Yale
He very graduated high his in class , Princeton from undergraduate and School from Law at Yale .
He has a long and distinguished record, including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge, the next level below Supreme Court.
Has a he long and distinguished record , including years many a as Federal Appeals Judge , the level next Supreme below . Court
He a has and long distinguished record , including many as years a Federal Judge Appeals , next the level below Supreme Court .
He has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different Supreme Court cases, and he can recite details from memory.
Has he encyclopedic knowledge hundreds of of Supreme different Court cases , he and can details recite from . memory
Has he encyclopedic knowledge hundreds of of Court different cases Supreme , and he recite can details from memory .
He demonstrates an excellent "Judicial Temperament," being courteous, mild-mannered, respectful of all people; careful in his work, meticulous in detail.
He demonstrates an excellent " Temperament Judicial , being " courteous , mild - , mannered of respectful all ; people careful in his work , meticulous in detail .
Demonstrates he an excellent Judicial " Temperament , " courteous being , mild - , mannered respectful people of all ; in careful work his , in meticulous detail .
His co-workers love him.
Co his - workers him love .
Co his - workers love . him
His fellow judges love him.
His fellow love judges him .
His fellow judges him love .
His family loves him.
His family him loves .
His family loves . him
President Bush loves him.
President Bush him loves .
President loves Bush him .
Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court.
Yes , it true is some that people don ' like t the way he think they vote will on the Supreme Court .
, it yes is true that some people don ' t the way like think they he will on vote the Supreme . Court
But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him.
But other people like do way the they think he will vote , the and ones who favor seem him outnumber the to ones who oppose him .
But other people do like the way they think he vote will , the and who ones him favor to seem outnumber the who ones oppose him .
So now the Senate is getting ready to vote soon, on whether to approve him or not; and at this moment (evening of Jan. 27, 2006) it looks like he has more than the fifty-one votes needed for approval.
So now the is Senate getting ready vote to soon , whether on to approve him not or ; at and moment this ( of evening Jan . 27 , 2006 ) it like looks he more has than the fifty - one votes for needed approval .
Now so the Senate is getting ready to vote soon on , approve whether to or him ; not and at this moment ( evening of . Jan 27 , ) 2006 it looks like he has more than fifty the - one votes needed approval for .
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote, because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court, to be judging the cases Bush is interested in.
President is the very to eager ahead go quickly get and this vote , because he very much wants to Alito have Samuel the on Court Supreme , be to judging the cases Bush is interested in .
Very president the is eager to go ahead quickly and this get vote , because he wants very much to have Samuel Alito the on Court Supreme , to be judging cases the Bush is interested in .
So there is a lot of hurry-up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval.
There so is a lot of hurry - up pressure the Senate on give to its prompt vote of approval .
There so a is lot of hurry - up on pressure the Senate to give its prompt vote approval of .
There is an old saying that applies in this situation: "Act in haste, repent at leisure."
Is there old saying an applies that in this : situation Act " in haste , repent at leisure . "
Is there an old saying in that applies this situation : " haste Act in , repent leisure at . "
Sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly, then regret it for many years to come.
Sometimes you can make a decision bad very then quickly , regret for it years many to come .
You sometimes can make a bad decision very quickly , regret then it for years many to come .
That is what is about to happen with Judge Samuel Alito, in my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Court Justice: He does not really agree with the system of "Checks and Balances" built into the Constitution, and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the "Unitary Executive Theory," which calls for vastly-increased Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court.
That is is what about happen to with Samuel Judge Alito , in opinion my , he because has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Court Justice : He does not really agree with the system of " Checks and Balances " built into the Constitution , and he is ready start to tearing it down in order to follow the " Unitary Executive , Theory " which calls for vastly - increased Power Presidential at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court .
Is that what is about to happen with Judge Samuel Alito , in opinion my , because he tragic has one flaw - a very serious spot blind in his thinking - which him makes completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Justice Court : He does not really agree with the system of " Checks and Balances " built into the Constitution , and he is ready to start tearing it down in to order follow the " Executive Unitary , Theory " which calls for vastly - increased Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court .
And because of this tragic flaw . . .
Because and this of tragic flaw . . .
Because and this of tragic flaw . . .
"He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power To The President."
" Would Tear He Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Too Far To Much Power President The . "
" Would He Tear Down Our Of System And Checks Balances Giving , Far Too Power Much To The . President "
In our Constitutional system, we have three branches of the Federal Government: the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches.
In system our Constitutional , have we branches three of the Federal Government : Legislative the , Executive , and Judicial . branches
In our system Constitutional , we three have branches of the Federal Government : the , Legislative , Executive and Judicial branches .
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down.
The and basic idea behind the Checks Balances and have we is that one if branch of the Government crazy goes other , the two can hold it down .
And the basic behind idea the Checks Balances and we have is that if the one branch of Government crazy goes , the other can two hold it down .
But Samuel Alito believes in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the President.
But Samuel believes Alito in a little - known Constitutional theory called - the " Unitary Executive Theory " - which that says the President should have complete control the over Executive Branch , and that the Executive Branch should be in of charge almost everything that the Government actually does , including the of functions the Independent Agencies were which to designed be free of Presidential control , and the Military , which , exists which is regulated , and which is funded by specific authority given by the to Constitution Congress , not to the President .
But Samuel Alito believes in a - little known theory Constitutional - called the " Unitary Executive Theory " - which says that the President should have complete control over Executive the Branch , and that the Executive should Branch be in charge of almost everything the that Government actually does , including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be of free Presidential control , and the Military , which exists , which is regulated , which and is funded specific by authority given the by Constitution to Congress , to not the President .
The Military is not part of the Executive Branch: it is a separate entity.
The military is not part of the Branch Executive : it is separate a entity .
The Military is not part of Executive the : Branch it a is entity separate .
"Commander In Chief" doesn't mean that he is the boss of the Military, merely that he is the Administrator, just as he is the Administrator of the Executive Branch, charged with "executing faithfully" all the laws passed by Congress and all the Decisions rendered by the Supreme Court.
" Commander In Chief " doesn ' t mean is that he the boss of the Military , merely that he is the Administrator , as just he the is Administrator of the Executive Branch , charged with " executing faithfully " all the laws by passed Congress and all the rendered Decisions by Supreme Court the .
" Commander In Chief " doesn ' t that he mean is the boss of the Military merely , that is he the Administrator , just as he the is Administrator of the Executive Branch , charged with " executing faithfully " all the passed laws Congress by and all the Decisions rendered by the Supreme . Court
Under the Unitary Executive Theory, the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agrees with them.
Under the Unitary Theory Executive , the Laws of Congress Decisions and of Supreme the Court actual have no unless authority the President agrees with them .
The under Unitary Executive Theory , Laws the of Congress and Decisions the of Supreme have Court no actual authority unless President the agrees them with .
And so Congress and the Supreme Court become mere advisors to the President, with no real authority over him.
And so and Congress the Supreme Court mere advisors become to the President , no with real authority over him .
And so Congress the and Supreme become Court mere advisors to the President , with authority no real over him .
And the President becomes a Dictator, unrestrained by anything in the Constitution, backed up by the Armed Forces, which would be entirely under his personal control.
And the President becomes a Dictator , unrestrained anything by in the Constitution , up backed the by Armed Forces , which would under be entirely control his personal .
The becomes and President a Dictator unrestrained , by in anything the Constitution , backed up by the Armed , which Forces would entirely be under his control personal .
And thus the United States of America - The Land Of The Free And The Home Of The Brave - becomes just another Military Dictatorship, no better than Nazi Germany or Fascist Italy during World War II.
And thus United the States America of - The Land Of The Free The And Home The Of - Brave becomes just another Military Dictatorship , no better than Nazi Germany or Fascist during Italy World War II .
And thus the United States of America - The Land The Free Of The And Home The Of Brave - becomes just another Dictatorship Military no better than , Nazi or Germany Italy Fascist during World War II .
AND THAT IS WHY ALL AMERICANS SHOULD OPPOSE THE NOMINATION OF SAMUEL ALITO.
AND THAT IS WHY ALL SHOULD AMERICANS OPPOSE THE OF NOMINATION SAMUEL ALITO .
THAT IS AND ALL WHY AMERICANS SHOULD OPPOSE THE NOMINATION OF SAMUEL . ALITO
For details and further proof, please see these websites:
For and details proof , further please see these websites :
Details for and further proof please , see these : websites
Testimony at http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905
Testimony at : http / / judiciary . . senate gov testimony / . cfm ? id = 1725 wit_id & = 4905
At http testimony : / / judiciary senate . . gov testimony / . cfm ? id 1725 = & wit_id 4905 =
Descriptions and Links at http://www.UnitaryExecutive.net
Descriptions Links http and at : / / www . UnitaryExecutive . net
Links descriptions and at http : / / www . UnitaryExecutive net .
Blessings to you.
To blessings you .
Blessings you to .
May God help us all.
May God us help all .
May God help all us .
And may God bless America!
And God may bless America !
And may bless God America !
Rev. Bill McGinnis, Director http://www.LoveAllPeople.org and http://www.InternetchurchOfChrist.org
. Bill rev , McGinnis Director http : / www / . LoveAllPeople . org and : http / / . www . InternetchurchOfChrist org
Rev . McGinnis Bill http , Director : / www / . . org LoveAllPeople and : http / / www . InternetchurchOfChrist . org
Copies of this message are located below.
Copies of this are message below located .
Of copies this message are below located .
If you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them.
If you want to help , send them please to you everyone know who needs to read them .
If you want help to , send them please to everyone you who know needs to read . them
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt
http : / / www . . org loveallpeople / . theonereasonwhy html and : http / / . www . loveallpeople org theonereasonwhy / txt .
: http / www / . loveallpeople org . theonereasonwhy / html . and http : / / www . loveallpeople . org / theonereasonwhy txt .
###
###
###
CONTACT William McGinnis (Rev. Bill McGinnis) 1908 Mt Vernon Ave #2543 Alexandria, VA 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
CONTACT william McGinnis ( Rev . Bill McGinnis ) Vernon 1908 Mt # Ave 2543 Alexandria , VA 7037686710 22301 bmc . . . @ net patriot .
CONTACT william McGinnis ( Rev . Bill ) McGinnis Mt Vernon 1908 2543 Ave # Alexandria , VA 22301 bmc 7037686710 . . . @ patriot . net
Reply
Reply
Reply
NASA & Company Diplomacy - Trying to keep Moon Landing Hoax a secret in modern times
NASA & Diplomacy Company - Trying to Moon keep Landing Hoax secret a in times modern
& NASA Company Diplomacy - Trying to keep Moon Hoax Landing secret a in times modern
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath.
Strategies some used being by NASA & Company in relation China to and space other planning are countries mentioned here after gleaned being from a item underneath news .
Some being strategies by used NASA & Company in relation China to other and planning space countries are here mentioned being after gleaned a from news item underneath .
Country has an Independent strategy = NASA & company to use "Numero Uno" strategy, try to assert, beat, mesh and control the space program of the country.
Has country an Independent strategy NASA = & company to use " Numero Uno " strategy , to try assert , beat , mesh and control the program space the . of country
Country an has Independent strategy = NASA & company to use Numero " Uno " strategy try , assert to , beat , mesh and the control of space the program . country
This can also be through political, economical, social, and technological influence.
Can also this be political through , economical , social , and influence technological .
This also can be political through , economical , social , and influence . technological
Country not open or not have fixed strategy = NASA & Company to use "freeze thawed" strategy especially when the country has a challenging, growing and ambitious space program.
Country or not open not have fixed strategy = NASA & Company use to freeze thawed " strategy " especially the when has country a challenging growing , and ambitious space program .
Not open country not or have fixed strategy = & NASA to Company use " freeze thawed " especially strategy when country the has a , challenging growing ambitious and space program .
This can also be through political, economical, social, and technological influence.
Can this through also be political , economical , social , and influence technological .
Can this also be through , political economical , social , influence and technological .
Dependant = NASA & Company to use "space station" model to unify the aims of different countries.
= dependant NASA & Company use to " station space " model to unify the aims of countries different .
= dependant NASA & to Company use " space station " model to aims of unify the different countries .
This is really an end goal aim of NASA & Company and also does not allow anyone challenging the moon landing hoax.
Is this really end an aim goal of NASA & and Company not also does allow anyone challenging the moon landing hoax .
This is really end an aim goal of NASA & and Company also not does allow challenging anyone the moon landing . hoax
The target for NASA & Company probably to get by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model, through the propaganda of another moon mission; deliberately failing this or trying hard for another moon landing hoax; achieving the real aim of space unity between space programs of other countries.
The target NASA for & probably Company get to by 2018 all the space ambitious program countries shifting this towards model , through the propaganda another of moon mission ; deliberately failing this or trying hard for another landing moon hoax ; achieving the aim real of space unity between space programs of other countries .
The target for NASA & Company probably get to by all 2018 the ambitious space program towards shifting countries this model , through the propaganda of moon another mission ; deliberately failing this or trying hard for another moon landing hoax ; achieving the real aim of space unity between of space programs other countries .
China launches its second manned spaceflight mission
China launches second its spaceflight manned mission
China launches its manned second mission spaceflight
Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the program's goals
Secretive efforts outsiders keep in the dark about the program ' s goals
Efforts secretive keep outsiders in dark the about program the ' s goals
By MARK CARREAU
MARK by CARREAU
MARK by CARREAU
Copyright 2005 Houston Chronicle
Copyright 2005 Chronicle Houston
Copyright 2005 Chronicle Houston
Reuters
Reuters
Reuters
China launched Shenzhou VI, its second manned spacecraft, early today in northwest China's Gansu Province.
China launched VI Shenzhou , its second manned spacecraft , early today in China northwest ' Gansu s . Province
China launched Shenzhou , VI its second manned spacecraft , today early in northwest ' China Province s . Gansu
A pair of military pilots embarked on China's second manned space flight early today, hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days.
A pair of embarked military pilots China on ' s second space manned flight early , today into hurtling orbit on mission a test that could five span days .
A military pair embarked of pilots on China ' s second manned space early flight , hurtling today into orbit on test a mission that could five span days .
The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as Fei Junlong, 40, and Nie Haishen, 41, by China's official news agency.
The crew the of Shenzhou VI spacecraft identified was as Fei Junlong , , 40 and Nie , Haishen 41 , China by ' official s news agency .
The of crew the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was as identified Fei Junlong , 40 , Nie and Haishen , , by 41 China ' official s news agency .
The successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China follows the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003.
The successful launch the from Jiuquan Launch Satellite Center in northwest China follows the flight solo of Liwei Yang in October 2003 .
The successful launch the from Jiuquan Satellite Center Launch in northwest China follows the solo Yang of flight Liwei in 2003 October .
His one-day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space.
His one - day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the circle elite spacefaring of nations - Russia the and United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space .
One his - day vaulted mission his communist into homeland the elite of circle spacefaring nations Russia - the and States United - that can and launch sustain humans space in .
Most experts believe China intends to develop a small space station of its own over the next several years.
Believe most experts China intends develop to a small station space of its own next over the several years .
Most believe experts China intends a develop to small space station of its own over the years next several .
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort.
They but remain uncertain about whether China aims beat to the United States moon to the its secretive in space effort .
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to the beat United States the moon to in its space secretive effort .
President Bush has directed NASA to return to the moon by 2018 with a new generation of human explorers.
Bush president has directed NASA to to by return the moon 2018 with a new generation of explorers human .
Bush president directed has NASA to return to moon by the with 2018 a new generation of explorers human .
China's "is not a fly-by-night program," said Joan Johnson-Freese, an expert on national security who follows space developments in the Asian nation at the Naval War College in Newport, R.I.
China ' s " is not a fly - by - night program , " said Johnson Joan - Freese an , expert national on follows security who developments space the in Asian nation the at War College Naval in Newport , R . I .
China ' " s is a not fly - by - night program , " said Johnson Joan - Freese , an on expert national security space who follows developments in the nation Asian the at Naval War College in Newport , R . I .
"They are not in any hurry.
" They are in not any . hurry
" They are in any not hurry .
They want a program that will be a success," Johnson-Freese said.
They want program a that be will a success , " - Johnson Freese . said
They want a program that will a be success , Johnson " - Freese said .
"They are not going to rush it, because they don't want it to be a budget buster.
They " going are to not rush it , they because don ' t want it to be budget a buster .
" They are going not to rush it because , they ' don t want to it a budget be buster .
Economics will be a big determiner in the speed of their program."
Will economics be a determiner in big the of speed their program . "
Economics be will in a big determiner the speed of their program . "
China's overtures to join the U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues, including the Asian country's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat.
China ' s overtures to join the U S . . led - effort to develop 16 the - nation space international have station been for thwarted more than a decade over a range issues of , including the Asian ' country s rights human policies and worries it acquire could technologies that could pose a security threat .
China ' s to overtures join the U . S . - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international station have space been for thwarted more than decade a a over range of issues , the including Asian country s ' human policies rights and worries it could acquire that technologies could pose a security threat .
The freeze thawed some after Yang's 2003 mission.
The freeze after thawed some Yang ' 2003 s mission .
The freeze some thawed Yang after s ' 2003 mission .
China was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate to NASA-sponsored roundtable discussions on Bush's strategy to reach the moon with astronauts as the first step in the exploration of Mars and other-deep space destinations.
China was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate NASA to - sponsored roundtable discussions Bush on s ' to reach strategy the moon with astronauts as the first step in the of exploration Mars and other - space deep . destinations
China was among 30 nations invited to a send to delegate NASA sponsored - roundtable discussions on Bush ' strategy s to reach the moon with astronauts as first the in step the exploration of Mars and other - deep space destinations .
"We applaud China's space achievements," NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday.
" We applaud China s space ' achievements , " NASA Allard spokesman said Beutel . Tuesday
We " applaud China ' space s achievements , NASA " spokesman Beutel Allard Tuesday said .
"We wish them a successful return of their astronauts."
" them We wish a successful return of astronauts their . "
" We them wish successful a return of their . astronauts "
He stressed, however, that NASA would not follow this week's Chinese mission through formal channels.
He stressed , however , that not NASA would this follow week ' Chinese s through mission channels formal .
He , stressed however , NASA that would not this follow ' week s mission Chinese through channels formal .
At present, there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to join the space station partnership, Beutel said.
At present , there no are plans for additional foreign meetings with powers to discuss Bush the exploration initiative or to extend invitation to an to China the join station space partnership , said Beutel .
At present , there no are for plans additional foreign meetings powers with to discuss the Bush initiative exploration to or extend an invitation to China join to space the station partnership , said Beutel .
The flight of Fei and Nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three-phase Chinese space initiative, Johnson-Freese said.
The flight of Fei Nie and mark could the of end the opening chapter a in three phase - space Chinese , initiative Johnson - Freese . said
The flight of Fei and could mark Nie the of end opening chapter the in a - three Chinese phase space initiative Johnson , - Freese said .
The first phase, she said, will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth.
The phase first , , she said will demonstrate the capability of a multi compartment - that spacecraft leave will a module test orbit in when the two fliers to return Earth .
First the phase she , , will said demonstrate the capability a of multi - compartment spacecraft will leave that a test module in when orbit the two fliers to return Earth .
The Chinese program's second phase will include spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques.
The Chinese ' program s phase will include second spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of and docking techniques undocking .
Chinese the program ' s second phase will include spacewalks on missions future and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques .
The final phase will feature the assembly and operation of a longer-duration space lab.
Final the phase feature will the and assembly operation of longer a - space duration lab .
Phase the final will assembly feature the and operation of a - longer duration space lab .
At least one expert believes China's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA's planned lunar return.
At least believes one China expert ' s might include intentions a surprise attempt to circle the with moon before astronauts NASA ' s lunar planned return .
Least at one believes expert China ' s might intentions include surprise a attempt to the circle with moon astronauts before NASA ' s planned lunar return .
"The Americans would be wise to plan accordingly," said John E. Pike, director of the Alexandria, Va.-based GlobalSecurity.org, a small national security think tank.
" The Americans would be plan wise accordingly to , said " E John . Pike director , the Alexandria of , . Va - GlobalSecurity based . org , a small national security think tank .
" The Americans be plan would wise to accordingly , " John said E Pike . , director the of Alexandria , Va . - based . GlobalSecurity org , a national small security tank think .
"There is always the possibility they could jam us up, make us look like we are not numero uno," Pike said.
" There the always is possibility could they jam us up , make look us like are we not numero uno , " said Pike .
" is There always possibility they could the jam us up , make us look we like are not numero uno , " Pike said .
During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War, NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays.
The during U . S . Russian and lunar race during the War Cold , scored NASA an coup early circling by moon the with the Apollo 8 over crew the 1968 Christmas holidays .
During U the . S . lunar and race Russian during the Cold War , scored NASA an coup early circling by the moon Apollo with the 8 crew over the 1968 holidays Christmas .
As it turned out, the Soviets never made it to the moon.
As it out turned , Soviets the never made it to . the moon
As turned it out , the Soviets never it made moon to the .
"(China) could be the second country to do that," Pike said.
" ( China ) could be the country second do to that , Pike " said .
" China ( ) could the be country second do to , that " Pike said .
"They would get in line in front of the Russians.
" would They get line in in front of Russians the .
" They would get in line front in Russians of the .
And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch."
And not they would have to on land moon the to us take down a notch . "
They and would not have to land on the to moon a take us down notch . "
Pike's concern is based on China's development of a new medium-lift rocket, the Long March V, and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea.
Pike ' concern s is based on China ' s development of new a - medium lift rocket , the Long March , V and the of construction a new space launch complex on Island Hainan the in South Sea China .
Pike ' s is concern based China on ' s of development a new medium - lift rocket , Long the March V , and construction the a of new space complex launch on Island Hainan in the South . China Sea
The two developments, he said, could eventually enable China's space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from Earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home.
The two developments , said he , could eventually China enable s ' program space to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from Earth ' s a spacecraft orbit capable of circling moon with the returning astronauts and home .
Two the developments he , , said could eventually enable China ' s space program to to mature the point that could experts assemble and launch ' from Earth s orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the astronauts moon with returning and home .
mark.carr...@chron.com
mark carr . . . . @ com chron .
carr mark . . . . @ chron com .
Email: "righter"<righ...@sonic.net>
Email : " " righter righ < . . . sonic @ net . >
Email : righter " " righ < . . . @ . sonic > net
Groups: alt.animals.rights.promotion, alt.animals, alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, alt.animals.lion, alt.animals.tiger, alt.animals.felines.diseases, alt.animals.dog, alt.animals.horses.breeding, alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
Groups : alt . animals . rights . promotion , animals alt . alt , . animals . cat , alt . animals . ethics vegetarian . , alt . animals . lion , alt animals . . tiger , alt . animals felines . . diseases , alt animals . . dog , alt . . animals horses . breeding , . alt animals . felines snowleopards .
Groups alt : . . animals rights . promotion , alt animals . , alt . animals . cat , alt . . animals ethics . vegetarian , alt . animals . lion alt , . animals . tiger , alt animals . felines . . diseases , alt . animals . dog , alt . animals . horses breeding . , alt . animals felines . snowleopards .
I'm a member of a local animal rights news, and get regular emails from other members and the staff.
I ' a m of member a local animal rights and news , get regular emails from other and members staff the .
I ' m a member of a animal local rights news get , and regular emails members other from and the staff .
Recently, I read an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes.
, recently I read an that email reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick who losers put in them sheds heat and the inside of the sheds up to with 110 degrees fires , so that they can periodically scrape the off sweat of their genitals sell and it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong scent the of perfumes .
Recently , I read that an email reported the horrific Civet nightmare Cats go through by sick losers who them put in sheds and the heat inside of sheds the up to 110 with degrees fires , that so they can periodically scrape the sweat off their of genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of . perfumes
The animals eventually die, which is because these demons are so GREEDY, they want as much of their "product" as they can get, instead of letting the cats go after a point, as an act of humanity, mercy, love.
The animals eventually die , which is because these demons are GREEDY so , they want as much their of " " product they as can get instead , of letting the cats go after point a , as an of humanity act , mercy , love .
The eventually animals die , which is these because demons so are GREEDY , they want as of much their product " " as they can get , instead of letting the go after cats a , point as an act of , humanity mercy love , .
Below I pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created.
Below I pasted the email text and , it has a link a to website that automatically this plays the song of author email the created .
I below pasted the email text , and has it a link to a that website automatically this plays song the author email of the created .
It has cat's "Meowing" for the vocals, and you might really find yourself in those furnaces, feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die.
It has cat ' s " Meowing " for vocals the , and you find might really yourself in furnaces those , and feeling thinking those feelings terrible thoughts and these that cats do before they die .
It has cat ' s " Meowing " for the vocals and , might you find really in yourself furnaces those feeling , and thinking feelings those terrible thoughts and that cats these do before they die .
Right now, while we're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet, those innocent, beautiful, loving cats, are dying, somewhere in this troubled world a slow, agonizing death.
Right now , while ' we re sitting our at computers enjoying , the those internet innocent , beautiful , loving cats , are dying , in somewhere this troubled a world slow agonizing , death .
Now right , while we ' re sitting at our computers enjoying , the internet innocent those , beautiful , loving cats , dying are in , somewhere world this troubled slow a , agonizing death .
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust.
Main reason the I this wrote post is to anyone ask reading this if they of some know I way help can put stop a to this Cat Holocaust .
Main the I reason this wrote is post to reading ask anyone this they if know of some way I can help put a stop to this . Cat Holocaust
I am serious about doing something.
I am about serious doing . something
Am I about serious doing something .
If I love cats so much, why aren't I DOING something???
If love cats I so much , why aren ' t I something DOING ? ? ?
If love I cats much so , aren why ' DOING t I something ? ? ?
I don't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I didn't do anything like this in my life.
I don ' want t to appear before God on judgment day to and have explain why I didn ' t do anything like in this my life .
I ' don t want to before appear on God judgment day and to explain have I why ' didn t do like anything this in my life .
Any suggestions would be appreciated.
Suggestions any would be appreciated .
Suggestions any would be appreciated .
Here's the text of the email:
' here the s text of the email :
Here ' s text of the the email :
Hi there,
Hi , there
Hi , there
I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my Mom emailed me about it, I re-read it, and went to the website with the song the author of the email created.
Read I Civet the Cat story from a little while ago , tonight and , when my Mom emailed me it about I , re - read it , and to went with the website the song the author of the email created .
I read the Civet Cat story a from little while , ago and tonight , when my Mom me emailed about it , I re - it read and , went to website the with the author song the the of email . created
Well, sure enough, when I heard the cats "Meowing," I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that I want to do something about this torture.
Well , sure enough , I heard when cats the " Meowing , " I imagined hellish the moments poor these beautiful of creatures God were living what , went on their tiny in , sweet little minds , and that decided I want to do something about this torture .
Well , sure enough , when I heard the cats " Meowing , I " imagined the these hellish moments poor creatures beautiful of were God living , went what on in their tiny , sweet little , minds and decided that I to want do this something about torture .
So, if anyone can give me some advice, I'd sure appreciate it!
So , if anyone give can some me , advice I ' d appreciate it sure !
So if , can anyone me give some I advice , ' d sure appreciate it !
I think for starters, myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them.
Think I for starters , and myself those who you of believe in God say could a special prayer for them .
Think I starters for , myself and you those who of believe in God could say a special prayer them for .
I will.
I . will
Will I .
I've pasted the email for those who haven't seen or would like to re-read it.
I ' ve the pasted email for those who ' t haven or seen like would to re - it read .
I ' the ve pasted email for those who haven ' seen t like or would to re - read . it
It's also got the website where the song has been uploaded.
It s ' also the got website where the has song uploaded been .
' it s also got the website where the has been uploaded song .
I was thinking, that while I'm sitting here, relaxing and enjoying myself, those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those Holocaust-esque death chambers.
Thinking I was , that I while m ' here sitting , relaxing enjoying myself and those , poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those Holocaust - esque death chambers .
I was thinking , that I while ' m sitting here relaxing , and enjoying myself , those poor innocent are being animals cooked to death with heat those in - esque Holocaust death . chambers
And what am I DOING about it?
And am what DOING I about it ?
And I what am DOING about it ?
From: Travis Job <t...@sonic.net>
Travis from : Job < . t . . @ sonic net . >
: Job from Travis < t . . . @ sonic net . >
Date: Thu, 11 Mar 2004 02:39:27 -0800
Date : Thu , 11 Mar : 2004 02 39 27 : 0800 -
Date : 11 Thu , Mar 2004 02 : : 39 - 27 0800
To: SPAR <s...@sonic.net>
: SPAR to < s . . . @ . sonic net >
: to SPAR s < . . . @ . sonic net >
Subject: Civet Cats, James Rachels + a song
Subject Civet : Cats , Rachels James + song a
Subject : Civet Cats , Rachels James + a song
This is my first time posting to the list, so I feel somewhat embarrassed by "promoting" a song I wrote, but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed.
This first is my time posting to the list , so somewhat I feel embarrassed by " promoting a " wrote song I , but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme suffering animal as a result of human of lack , empathy but an abundance of human greed .
This is my first posting time to the list , so I feel somewhat embarrassed by " " promoting song a wrote I , but I think it is because fitting it is directly tied extreme to suffering animal as a of result human lack of empathy , but an abundance of human greed .
I'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats, but to brief those who might not know, I will quote James Rachels, author of World Hunger and Moral Obligation among many other animal rights-related books and articles.
I ' sure m not if any of know you much about civet cats , but brief to who those might know not , I will quote James Rachels , author of World Hunger and Obligation Moral among other many rights animal - related and books articles .
I ' m sure not if any of you about know much civet , to cats but brief those who not might know I , will quote James , Rachels author of World Hunger Moral and Obligation among many other animal rights - related books and articles .
(I kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals).
( kind of I see him to be animal for rights theory Peter as Singer the is theory to of utilitarianism applied to non - human ) animals .
( kind I of see him be to for animal theory Peter rights Singer as is to the of theory utilitarianism to applied non - human animals ) .
The quote is from an article entitled "Vegetarianism and `The Other Weight Problem'"
The is quote from an article entitled " Vegetarianism and ` Other Weight The Problem ' "
The is quote from an article entitled " Vegetarianism and The ` Other Problem Weight ' "
If anyone wants the complete article, email me, as it is a very good article which no meat-eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy.
Anyone wants if the complete article , email me , as it is a very article which good no meat eater can read - and their not sense own hypocrisy .
If anyone the wants complete , article email , me is as it a very article good which no meat - eater can read and not their sense own hypocrisy .
But this is what he says about civet cats:
But is this what says he civet about cats :
But this is what he says about cats civet :
"As an example, consider the treatment of the civet cat, a highly intelligent and sociable animal.
As " example an , the consider treatment of the civet cat , a highly intelligent and animal sociable .
" example an As , the consider treatment of the civet cat , a highly intelligent and sociable animal .
Civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds, where the temperature is kept up to 110 F by fires.
Civet cats are trapped placed and in cages small inside darkened sheds , temperature where the is kept to up 110 fires F by .
Are civet cats and trapped placed small in inside cages darkened sheds , where the temperature kept is to up 110 F by fires .
They are confined in this way until they finally die.
They are in this confined way until they die finally .
They confined are in until this way they finally die .
What justifies this extraordinary mistreatment?
What justifies this extraordinary ? mistreatment
What justifies this mistreatment extraordinary ?
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume.
These animals have the to misfortune produce substance a that useful is manufacture in the of perfume .
Animals the these have misfortune to produce a substance that is in useful the manufacture perfume of .
Musk, which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive, makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application.
, musk which is from scraped their genitals once a day for as long as can they ive surv , makes scent the of last perfume a bit longer after each . application
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for long as as they can ive surv , the scent of makes perfume last a longer bit each after application .
(The heat increases their "production" of musk.)
( The heat their increases " production of musk " . )
( heat The increases their production " " of . musk )
Here Kant's rule--"Animals are merely means to an end; that end is man"--is applied with a vengeance.
Here Kant ' rule - s - Animals " are merely means an to end ; end that is man " - is applied - with vengeance a .
Kant here ' s rule - - " Animals merely are an means to end that ; end is man " - applied - with is a vengeance .
To promote one of the most trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives."
Promote to one of the trivial most we interests , thousands have of are animals tormented for their whole lives . "
Promote to one of the trivial most we interests , have thousands of animals are for tormented whole their lives . "
This article, and specifically this piece, effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic.
This article , and specifically piece this , me effected enough to try build a song to around topic the .
Article this , and this specifically piece , me effected enough try to to a build song around topic the .
If anyone is interested in listening to this song, and in offering their opinion, whether it be positive or negative, I'd appreciate it.
Anyone if is interested in listening this to song , in and their offering opinion , it whether positive be or negative , I ' d appreciate it .
If anyone is in interested listening to this song , and in offering their opinion whether , be it or positive negative , I ' appreciate it d .
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download, especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine (28k).
I but also hope no one any feels obligation to download , especially if you have internet an as connection slow mine ( ) 28k .
But also I hope no one feels any to obligation download , especially have if you an internet connection as slow mine 28k ( ) .
The url for the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/TragiCore-TheCivetCat.mp3
The url the for is song http : / www / . net sonic . / fsjob ~ TragiCore / - TheCivetCat . mp3
For the url the is song http : / / www sonic . . net / ~ fsjob TragiCore / - mp3 TheCivetCat .
Although there are no human vocals/lyrics, I think it's subject matter is audible.
Although there human are no vocals lyrics / , think I it ' s subject matter is . audible
Although there are no human / vocals lyrics I , think it ' s matter subject is audible .
Again, if anyone wants to read Rachels' entire article, let me know.
Again , if anyone wants Rachels read to entire ' article , let me know .
Again if , anyone wants to read ' entire Rachels article , let know me .
It's also on the net.
' it also s on the net .
' it also s on the net .
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago, but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan.
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a ago year , but it was of one the bigger factors me for in vegan going completely .
Was already I a vegetarian when read I it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the factors bigger me in for completely going vegan .
I hope all are well.
I all hope are well .
Hope I all are well .
Farewell for now...
For farewell now . . .
Farewell now for . . .
Travis Job
Job travis
Job travis
icq uin: 5249025
icq : uin 5249025
uin icq : 5249025
"Note to Wigner: Do you think your friend could feed my cat?
" to Note Wigner : you Do think your feed friend could my cat ?
Note " Wigner to : Do you your think friend feed could my cat ?
Heisenberg wasn't sure.
Heisenberg wasn t ' sure .
Heisenberg wasn ' sure t .
Thanks,
, thanks
, thanks
--Shrodinger"
- - " Shrodinger
- Shrodinger - "
-------------------
-------------------
-------------------
.: GO VEGAN :.
. GO : VEGAN : .
. : VEGAN GO : .
MAKE THOUSANDS!!! --
! MAKE THOUSANDS ! ! - -
MAKE THOUSANDS ! ! ! - -
THIS IS NOT A SCAM!!!
IS THIS NOT SCAM A ! ! !
THIS NOT A IS SCAM ! ! !
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: I don't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says.
Found I this on bulletin a and board decided to it try : I don ' care t the about useless pre - crap fabricated this message usually says .
I this found on a bulletin board decided and to try it : don I ' t care the about useless - pre fabricated crap message this usually . says
All I say is, it works.
All I say , is works it .
I all say is , works it .
Continue pre-fab crap.
Continue pre fab - crap .
Pre continue - fab crap .
WELL GUESS WHAT!!!
WELL GUESS ! WHAT ! !
GUESS WELL WHAT ! ! !
Within seven days, I started getting money in the mail!!
Seven within days , I money started getting in the mail ! !
Within seven , days I started money getting the in mail ! !
I was shocked!!
I shocked was ! !
Was I shocked ! !
I figured it would end soon, but the money just kept coming in.
Figured it I end would soon , but the money just kept coming . in
Figured I it would end soon , but the money just kept coming . in
In my first week, I made about $25.00.
My in first week I , about made $ 25 . 00 .
My in first week , about I made $ 25 . 00 .
By the end of the second week I had made a total of more than $1000.00!!
By the end of the second week I total made had a of than $ more 1000 . 00 ! !
The by end of the second week made had I a total more of than 1000 $ . 00 ! !
In the third week I had more than $10,000.00 and it's still growing!!
The in week third I had more $ than , 10 000 . 00 and it ' still s ! growing !
In third the week I more than had 10 $ , 000 . it 00 and ' s still growing ! !
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $42,000.00 and it's still coming rapidly.
Is this now my week fourth I and have made a of total $ 42 , 000 and . 00 it ' s still coming rapidly .
This is now my week fourth and have I made a total $ of 000 42 , 00 . it and ' s still coming . rapidly
It's certainly worth $6.00 and six stamps, and I have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning!!!
It ' s certainly worth $ 6 . and 00 stamps six , I and spent have more that the than on lottery without ever ! winning ! !
' s it worth certainly $ 6 . 00 six and stamps , and I spent have more than that on the lottery without winning ever ! ! !
Let me tell you how this works and most important, why it works..........
Me let you tell this how works important and most , it why . works . . . . . . . . .
Let me you tell works this how most and important , why it works . . . . . . . . . .
also make sure you print this out NOW, so you can get the information off of it, as you will need it.
Make also you sure print this NOW out , you so can the get information off it of , as you will it need .
make also you sure print out NOW this , you so can get the information off of it , as will need you it .
I promise you that if you follow the directions exactly that you will start making more money than you thought possible by doing something so easy!!
I promise you that you if follow the exactly directions you that start will making money more than you possible thought something by doing so easy ! !
Promise I you that if you follow the directions that exactly you start will money making more than you thought possible something by so doing easy ! !
Suggestion: Read this entire message carefully!!
Suggestion Read : this entire carefully message ! !
: suggestion Read this entire carefully message ! !
(Print it out or download it)
Print ( it out download or it )
( it Print out or it download )
Follow the simple directions and watch the money come in!!
Follow the simple and directions watch come the money in ! !
The follow simple directions watch and the money in come ! !
It's easy.
It ' easy s .
' it s easy .
It's legal.
It ' s . legal
It ' legal s .
And, your investment is only $6.00 (Plus postage) !!!
, and is your only investment $ . 6 00 ( Plus postage ) ! ! !
And investment , your only is $ 6 . 00 Plus ( ) postage ! ! !
IMPORTANT:
: IMPORTANT
: IMPORTANT
This is not a rip-off, it is decent; it's legal; and it is virtually no risk - it really works!!
This is a not rip off - , is it decent ; it ' s ; legal it and is virtually no risk it - ! really works !
This is not a rip - off , it decent is it ; ' legal s ; and it virtually is risk no it - really works ! !
If all the following instructions are adhered to, you will receive extraordinary dividends.
If the following all instructions are adhered to , you will receive extraordinary dividends .
If the all following instructions are adhered to , will you dividends receive extraordinary .
PLEASE NOTE:
NOTE PLEASE :
PLEASE : NOTE
Please follow the directions EXACTLY, and $50,000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days.
Please follow the , directions EXACTLY and $ , 50 or 000 more be can yours in 20 60 to days .
Please the follow directions EXACTLY , and $ 50 , or 000 can be more 20 yours in to 60 days .
This program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants.
This remains program successful because of the honesty integrity and participants of the .
Program this remains because successful of the honesty and the integrity of participants .
Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions.
Continue please its by success adhering carefully to the instructions .
Please continue success its adhering by carefully to the instructions .
You will now become apart of the Mail Order business.
You will apart now become of the Mail business Order .
You will become now of apart Mail the Order business .
You are in the business of developing Mailing Lists.
You in are the business developing of Lists Mailing .
You in are the business of developing Mailing Lists .
Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists.
Many are large corporations happy pay to big bucks for quality lists .
Large many corporations are happy pay to big bucks for quality . lists
However, the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list.
, however money the made from mailing lists the is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in list that .
However , the money from made the mailing lists secondary is income to which made is from people like you me and to be asking included in that list .
Here are the four easy steps to success.
Are here the four easy steps success to .
Here are the four steps easy success to .
STEP ONE:
STEP : ONE
ONE STEP :
Get six separate pieces of paper and write the following on each piece of paper "PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST."
Six get separate pieces of paper and write the following on piece each paper of " PUT PLEASE ME MAILING ON YOUR . LIST "
Six get pieces separate paper of and write the following on each piece of paper " PLEASE PUT ME ON MAILING LIST YOUR . "
Now get 6 U.S. $1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope (to prevent thievery).
Get now 6 U . S . $ 1 . 00 bills and ONE place of inside EACH of six the pieces paper so of the will bill not be through seen envelope the ( prevent to thievery ) .
Get now U 6 . S . $ 1 . 00 bills and place inside ONE of of EACH six the pieces paper of so the bill will not seen be through the ( envelope to thievery ) prevent .
Next, place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them.
, place next one paper in each of six the and envelopes seal them .
, next paper place one in each of the envelopes six and seal them .
You now should have six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00 bill.
You now should six have envelopes sealed , with each a piece paper of stating the above phrase , your name address and a , and $ 1 . 00 bill .
You should have now six sealed envelopes , each a with piece of paper above stating the , phrase your name and address , and a $ 1 . 00 . bill
What you are doing is creating a service.
You what are doing is a creating service .
Are what you doing is creating a service .
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL!!!!!
THIS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL IS ! ! ! ! !
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL ! ! ! ! !
You are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying for it!!
You are requesting legitimate a you service and are paying it for ! !
Are you a requesting service legitimate and you paying are for it ! !
Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all.
Most like of us I was a skeptical little little and worried about the legal aspects it of all .
Most like of us I a was and little skeptical little worried the about legal aspects it of all .
So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office (1-800-238-5355) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal!!
I so checked out it with U the . S Post . Office ( - 1 800 - 238 - 5355 ) and they confirmed that is it indeed ! legal !
I checked so it with out the U . S . Post ( Office 1 - 800 - - 238 5355 ) they confirmed and that is it legal indeed ! !
Mail the six envelopes to the following addresses:
Mail six envelopes the to the following addresses :
The mail envelopes six to the following addresses :
1) G. Burrows 1/264 Tor St Toowoomba QLD 4350 Australia
) 1 . Burrows G 1 / Tor 264 St Toowoomba QLD 4350 Australia
1 ) . G Burrows / 1 264 Tor Toowoomba St QLD Australia 4350
2)S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove, CA 92842 USA
) 2 S Luest P . O . Box Garden 366 Grove , CA 92842 USA
S 2 ) P Luest . O . Box 366 Garden Grove , 92842 CA USA
3) G.V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St, #1 Brooklyn, NY 11222 USA
) 3 G . . V & . A 41 Bourret Broome St , 1 # Brooklyn , NY USA 11222
3 ) . V G . & A Bourret . Broome 41 St , # Brooklyn 1 , NY USA 11222
4)R. Ansems Gen. Foulkesstraat 5 4641 BW Ossendrecht Netherlands
4 ) R Ansems . Gen . Foulkesstraat 5 BW 4641 Netherlands Ossendrecht
4 ) . R Ansems Gen . 4641 Foulkesstraat 5 BW Ossendrecht Netherlands
5)W. Brumbley 4632 Hilton Ave Suite # 31 Columbus, Ohio 43228
5 ) W . 4632 Hilton Brumbley Suite Ave # Columbus 31 , Ohio 43228
) 5 W . Brumbley Ave 4632 Hilton # Suite 31 Columbus , Ohio 43228
STEP TWO:Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the other names up (six becomes 5, 5 becomes 4, and etc.) and add YOUR NAME as number 6 on the list.
TWO STEP : Now take # the 1 off name that the list you see above , move the names other ( up six becomes 5 , becomes 5 4 , and etc . ) and add YOUR NAME 6 as number on the list .
TWO STEP : Now take the # 1 name off list the that you see above , the other move names ( six becomes up , 5 5 becomes 4 , and etc . ) add and YOUR NAME as 6 number on the list .
STEP THREE:
THREE STEP :
THREE STEP :
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible.
Change you need anything but to to try keep this article close as to original as possible .
Anything change need you to but try to this keep article close as to as original possible .
Now post your amended article to at least 200 news groups. :
Now post your amended to article at least 200 news groups . :
Now post amended your article at to least 200 news . groups :
(I think there are close to 24,000 groups)
( I think are close there to 24 , groups 000 )
I ( there think close are to 24 , 000 groups )
All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make!!
You all is need 200 but , remember , more the you post , the money you more make ! !
You need all 200 is , but remember the , you more post , the money more you make ! !
This is perfectly legal!!
This is legal perfectly ! !
Is this perfectly legal ! !
If you have any doubts, refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws.
If you have doubts any refer Title , to 18 Sec . 1302 & 1341 of Postal the Lottery . laws
If you have any doubts , to refer 18 Title . Sec 1302 & of 1341 the Postal laws . Lottery
Keep a copy of these steps for yourself and whenever you need money, you can use it again, and again.
A keep of copy steps these for yourself and you whenever need money , can you it use again , and again .
Keep a copy these of steps for yourself and whenever money need you , you can again use it , and again .
PLEASE REMEMBER that this program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants and by their carefully adhering to directions.
REMEMBER that PLEASE program this remains successful because of the honesty and integrity the and of participants by their carefully adhering directions to .
PLEASE this REMEMBER that program remains successful because the honesty of and integrity the participants of and by carefully their adhering to directions .
Look at it this way.
Look at it this . way
Look at this it way .
If you were of integrity, the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way.
You if of integrity were , the program will and continue the that money so many others have will received come your . way
You were if integrity of , the program and continue will money the that so many others have received will come your way .
NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you.
NOTE You : may to want every retain name address and sent you to , either on a computer or hard and copy keep notes send the people you .
NOTE You : may want to retain name every and address sent to you , either on computer a or hard and keep copy the notes people send you .
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service.
VERIFIES this that you are providing truly service a .
VERIFIES that this you are truly a providing service .
(Also, it might be a good idea to wrap the $1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft).
( Also , might it be good a to wrap idea the $ 1 bill paper in dark to reduce risk of the mail theft ) .
( Also , might it be a to good idea wrap the $ 1 bill dark in paper reduce to the risk mail of theft ) .
So, as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed, all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each.
So , as each post and is downloaded directions the carefully followed all , members will be reimbursed participation their for as a List Developer with one dollar each .
, so as each post is downloaded the and directions followed , carefully all members will be reimbursed for their participation a as with List one Developer dollar . each
Your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the #1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH!!!
Your name move will up the geometrically list so when that name your the reaches 1 # you position will be receiving of thousands in dollars CASH ! ! !
Your name will move up the geometrically list so that when your name the reaches # position 1 will you be receiving of thousands in dollars ! CASH ! !
What an opportunity for only $6.00 ( $1.00 for each of the first six people listed above)
What for an only opportunity $ 6 . 00 ( $ 1 . 00 for each of the first people six listed ) above
What an for opportunity only $ 6 . ( 00 $ 1 . 00 for of each the first people six above listed )
Send it now, add your own name to the list and you're in business!!!
Send it now , add your own name to and the list you ' re in business ! ! !
Send it now , add your name own the to list and you ' re in business ! ! !
*****DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS!!!*****
* * * * * DIRECTIONS HOW TO FOR TO NEWS POST GROUPS ! ! ! * * * * *
* * * * * DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO NEWS POST TO GROUPS ! ! ! * * * * *
STEP ONE: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting.
STEP ONE : You not do need to re - this type entire do letter to posting your own .
STEP ONE : You do not to need re type - this letter entire to your do . own posting
Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag your cursor to the bottom of this document, and select 'copy' from the edit menu.
Your simply put cursor the at beginning of this and letter drag cursor to your the bottom of this document and , ' select copy ' from the menu edit .
Put your simply cursor at beginning the of this and drag letter your cursor to the of bottom this document , and select copy ' ' from menu the edit .
This will copy the entire letter into the computer's memory.
This will copy the entire letter into computer the ' s memory .
This will copy the letter entire the into computer ' memory s .
STEP TWO:
STEP : TWO
TWO STEP :
Open a blank 'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page.
Open a blank ' notepad ' file and your cursor place at the of the top page blank .
Open a ' blank notepad ' and file place your cursor at the top of blank the page .
From the 'edit' menu select 'paste'.
From the ' ' edit menu select ' paste ' .
The from edit ' ' menu ' select paste ' .
This will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list.
This will a paste of copy the letter into the so that notepad you will add your to name the . list
A this paste will copy the of into letter the notepad so that you will add your name to the list .
STEP THREE:
THREE STEP :
THREE STEP :
Save your new notepad file as a text file.
Save your new file notepad as file a text .
Your save new notepad file as text file a .
If you want to do your posting in different settings, you'll always have this file to go back to.
If you want to your do posting different settings in , you ll ' always have this file to go back to .
You if want do to posting your in different settings you , ' ll have always this file to go back . to
STEP FOUR:
FOUR STEP :
FOUR STEP :
Visit message boards and post this article as a new message by highlighting the text of this letter and selecting paste from the edit menu.
Visit message boards and post this as article a new message highlighting by the text of this and letter selecting paste from the edit menu .
Message visit boards and post this as article a message new highlighting by the text this of letter selecting and paste from edit the menu .
Fill in the subject, this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group, click the post message button.
In fill the subject , this the will be header that everyone as sees they scroll through the of postings list in a particular group , click the post button message .
Fill in subject the , this will be the header that everyone sees as scroll they the through list of postings in a particular group click the , post message button .
You're done.
You ' done re .
You ' re . done
Congratulations!!!!!!
! congratulations ! ! ! ! !
! congratulations ! ! ! ! !
THAT'S IT!!
THAT ' IT S ! !
THAT ' IT S ! !
All you have to do, and It Really works!!!
All you to do have and , It Really works ! ! !
You all have to do , and Really It ! works ! !
Best Wishes
Wishes best
Wishes best
Blue Planet: Who's afraid of Big Bad Wolf?
Blue Planet : Who ' afraid of s Big Wolf Bad ?
Blue Planet Who : ' afraid s of Bad Big Wolf ?
By Dan Whipple
By Whipple Dan
By Whipple Dan
UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
UNITED INTERNATIONAL PRESS
PRESS UNITED INTERNATIONAL
Boulder, CO, Feb. 23 (UPI) --
Boulder CO , Feb , 23 . ( UPI ) - -
Boulder , CO , . Feb ( 23 ) UPI - -
Ever since he ate up Red Riding Hood's grandma and blew down the houses of two-thirds of the Three Little Pigs, the Big Bad Wolf has held a persistently bad reputation.
Ever since he ate up Red Riding Hood ' s grandma and houses blew down of the - two of thirds the Pigs Three Little , the Big Bad Wolf has held a persistently bad reputation .
Ever ate since up he Red Riding Hood s ' grandma blew down and the houses two of - thirds of the Little Three Pigs , the Big Bad Wolf has held persistently a reputation bad .
In part because of that reputation, the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s, except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan's Lake Superior.
In because of part that the reputation , gray wolf was exterminated from nearly the lower 48 by states the , 1920s except for a small population remnant on Isle Royale National in Park Michigan ' s Lake Superior .
Part in of because that reputation , the wolf gray was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states the by 1920s , except for small a remnant population Isle on National Royale Park in Michigan ' Lake s Superior .
The last wolf was killed in Yellowstone National Park in 1943.
Last the wolf was in killed National Yellowstone Park in 1943 .
The last wolf was in Yellowstone killed Park National in 1943 .
Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted, gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done.
Western sheep and ranchers cattle , whose on behalf this campaign extermination conducted was , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote off him as a done job well .
Sheep western and cattle ranchers on , whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted gratefully , their of dusted hands the wolf and him wrote off a job as well done .
Their sheep could graze, their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard.
Sheep their could graze , their cows could and ruminate never a word be discouraging would heard .
Sheep their could graze , cows could their ruminate never and a discouraging word be would heard .
After the major kill-offs, wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend.
After major the kill - offs , outside wolves of and Alaska existed Canada mostly legend as .
Major after kill the - offs , outside wolves of Alaska Canada and existed mostly as legend .
Like UFOs or Sasquatch, several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves, usually in Yellowstone.
UFOs like or Sasquatch , people several claimed to see fleeting lone wolves , usually Yellowstone in .
Like UFOs or , Sasquatch people several see claimed to fleeting lone wolves usually , in Yellowstone .
In the 1960s, a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park reportedly imported some captive wolves, then released them when their shooting was done.
The in , 1960s a group shooting movie a in Wyoming park the imported reportedly some captive wolves then , released them when their was shooting done .
The in 1960s , group a shooting a movie in Wyoming the park captive reportedly imported some wolves , then released them their shooting when was done .
If so, this happy band has not been heard from since.
If so , this happy band has not heard been from since .
So if this , happy band not has been heard from since .
Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s, hoping to reestablish a breeding population.
Also rumor had some it renegade biologist caged brought a pair Yellowstone to and released into them the wild sometime in 1970s the , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .
Rumor also had it some renegade brought biologist caged a pair to and Yellowstone released them into wild the in sometime the 1970s , hoping to reestablish breeding a . population
If true, the caper failed.
True if , the caper . failed
, if true the caper failed .
Over time, the wolf's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image.
Over , time the wolf ' s seemed absence to rehabilitate its image .
Time over , the ' s wolf seemed absence to rehabilitate its image .
Eventually, a trickle of support appeared for bringing the predator back to its former home range in the northern Rocky Mountains.
, eventually trickle a of appeared support bringing for the back predator to its former home range in the Rocky northern Mountains .
Eventually , a trickle of support for appeared bringing the predator to back its former home in the range northern Rocky Mountains .
This trickle grew into a flood, resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still-continuing objections of ranchers.
This grew trickle into flood a , resulting in being 14 wolves reintroduced in Yellowstone in the 1995 by . U S . Fish and Wildlife Service - - over albeit and the strong still - continuing objections of ranchers .
This grew trickle a into flood , resulting in 14 wolves being in reintroduced Yellowstone in 1995 by U the . S Fish . and - Wildlife Service - over albeit the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .
These wolf packs have flourished, and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies, where merely 10 years ago there were none.
These wolf packs flourished have , now and there are an estimated wolves 850 roaming northern the Rockies , merely where years 10 ago were there . none
These wolf packs have flourished and , now there are 850 an estimated the wolves roaming Rockies northern , where merely years 10 ago there were . none
One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator, an animal that affects the populations, behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range.
Compelling one for argument reintroduction was wolf the acts as a keystone predator , animal an affects the that , populations behavior and ecology a of wide variety of species within its range .
One compelling for argument reintroduction was the wolf as acts a keystone , predator an animal that the affects , populations behavior ecology and of a wide variety of within species range its .
Some recent research conducted by Oregon State University has given considerable credence to this idea.
Some recent research conducted by State Oregon has University given considerable to credence idea this .
Some recent research by conducted State Oregon University has given considerable credence idea to this .
OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream-bank stabilization, although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of "the ecology of fear" -- something that smacks of the horrible PR resulting from the wolf's relationships with Riding Hood and the Three Pigs.
OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream - bank stabilization , although have they given the phenomenon the of unfortunate name " the of ecology fear " - - something that smacks of the PR horrible from resulting the ' wolf s relationships Riding with the Hood and Three Pigs .
OSU professors forestry William Ripple and Robert Beschta found have that wolves actually promote stream - bank stabilization , although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name " of the ecology of fear " - - something that smacks of the horrible resulting PR the from wolf s ' with relationships Riding and Hood the Three Pigs .
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams, a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion.
Explained they that elk in Yellowstone to used browse unmolested on young aspen and willow near growing banks the streams of , a behavior prevented that saplings the from reaching mature stages and increased possibility the of soil erosion .
They elk explained that in Yellowstone used browse to unmolested on young aspen and growing willow near the banks of streams , behavior a that prevented saplings the from reaching mature and increased stages the possibility of soil erosion .
Since reintroduction, however, Ripple and Beschta have found, fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings.
Reintroduction since , however , and Ripple have Beschta found , of fear the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending much too time stream at banks - - where they are out in the open - - munching and on the . saplings
Since reintroduction however , Ripple , and Beschta have found , of fear the wolves has apparently discouraged the elk from much spending time too stream at banks - - where they are in out the open - - and on munching the saplings .
"All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue Planet,
All " have you to do is look the photographs at , " Ed Bangs , wolf coordinator for the U recovery . S . Fish and Wildlife Service , told UPI ' s Planet , Blue
" All you have to do is look at the , photographs " Ed Bangs wolf , recovery for coordinator the . U . S and Wildlife Fish Service told , UPI s ' Planet Blue ,
"You say, 'wow!'
" You , say wow ' ! '
" say You , wow ' ! '
An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow."
Area an that used be to bald a as billiard ball now is sea a of willow . "
Area an used that to be bald a as billiard ball is a now sea willow of . "
This simple change has triggered a veritable ecological cascade in Yellowstone.
Simple this change has a veritable triggered ecological cascade in Yellowstone .
This simple change has triggered a veritable cascade ecological in Yellowstone .
More streamside willow and aspen have meant better habitat for beaver, for instance.
More streamside willow aspen and have meant habitat better for , beaver for . instance
More willow streamside and aspen have better meant for habitat beaver , instance for .
Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park's northern range before the wolves returned, now there are nine.
Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park s ' range northern before the wolves returned , now are there nine .
Where there had been beaver only one colony in the park ' s northern range the wolves before returned now , there nine . are
"It may be uninteresting to a lot of people," Beschta told Blue Planet.
" It may be uninteresting to lot people a of , " Beschta Blue told . Planet
" may It be uninteresting to a lot of people , " told Beschta Blue . Planet
"There's a lot of impact on plants and they say, 'Who cares?'
There " ' a s lot impact of on plants they and , say ' Who cares ? '
" There ' a s lot on of impact and plants they say , Who ' cares ? '
But we've been looking at streamside communities.
We but ' looking ve been at streamside communities .
But we ' ve looking been at streamside communities .
Since wolf recovery, streamside plants, willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers, a whole variety of avian species, berry-producing shrubs that bears can use.
Since wolf , recovery streamside plants willows , cottonwoods and food other provide for critters - - beavers , variety a whole of species avian , berry - producing that shrubs bears can use .
Since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods food provide other for critters - - beavers a , variety whole of species avian berry , - producing shrubs can that bears use .
It's important with regard to the quality of streams.
It ' s important with regard to the quality streams of .
It s important ' with to regard the quality of streams .
The plants provide shade and root strength for bank stability.
Plants the provide and shade root strength for stability bank .
The provide plants shade and strength root for stability bank .
Plants are critical to wildland ecosystems."
Plants critical are to ecosystems wildland . "
Plants are critical to wildland ecosystems . "
Yellowstone has a vast elk herd, one of the largest in the world.
Yellowstone has vast a elk herd , one of the the largest in . world
Has yellowstone a elk vast herd , one of largest in the the world .
Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back, their behavior appears markedly different.
The bangs said although number of has elk not declined very much the since wolves back came , behavior their appears markedly different .
Bangs said although number the elk of has declined not much very the since wolves came back , their appears markedly behavior different .
"I'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations," however, he cautioned.
" I ' m pretty suspicious of making broad , generalizations " however , he cautioned .
" ' I m pretty suspicious making broad of generalizations , " however , he cautioned .
"Wolves are still pretty new.
" are still Wolves pretty new .
" Wolves still are new pretty .
They've only been there for 10 years.
They ' ve been only there 10 for . years
They ' only ve there been for years 10 .
In 10 more years we'll have a better idea."
10 in years more we ll ' have a better idea . "
In more years 10 we ' ll have a better . idea "
Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies has been so successful the Fish and Wildlife Service has moved to reduce the animal's status from endangered to threatened and, eventually, to remove it from the endangered species list altogether.
Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies has been so successful the Fish and Service Wildlife moved has reduce to the animal ' s from status endangered and to threatened , eventually , remove to it the from endangered species list altogether .
Wolf reintroduction in the northern been Rockies has so successful the Fish and Wildlife moved Service to has reduce the animal ' s status from endangered to threatened and eventually , , to remove it from endangered the species list . altogether
Bangs said the agency has established viable wolf packs in the northern Rockies, as required by federal regulations.
Bangs the said agency established has viable wolf packs in the Rockies , northern as required regulations by federal .
Said bangs the agency viable has established wolf packs the in Rockies northern , required as by federal regulations .
Some conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can move into other states, including Colorado, Utah and Oregon, among others.
Some conservationists the protection want extended wolves so move can into other states including , Colorado Utah , Oregon and , among others .
Some the conservationists want protection so extended move wolves can into other states , Colorado including Utah , and Oregon , among others .
On Jan. 31, Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them.
On jan . 31 , Oregon District Federal Court Judge E Robert . Jones appeared to agree with them .
Jan on . 31 , Oregon Federal Judge District Court Robert E . Jones to with appeared agree them .
He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's status.
Vacated the he FWS decision to downgrade wolf the ' s status .
He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade wolf the ' s status .
Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision.
Bangs said his is still agency the reviewing decision .
Bangs said his agency still the is reviewing decision .
Regardless of the wolf's legal status, its future expansion into new areas now seems likely.
Regardless of the wolf ' legal status s , its into future expansion areas new now seems likely .
Regardless of the wolf ' legal status s , its future into expansion new areas seems likely now .
Wolves can migrate considerable distances.
Can wolves migrate considerable distances .
Wolves can migrate distances considerable .
A Yellowstone wolf was found dead, hit by a car, on a Colorado highway last year, several hundred miles from home.
Yellowstone a was wolf found dead , hit by a car on , a Colorado year highway last , several miles hundred from . home
Yellowstone a wolf found dead was , hit car by a , on a Colorado highway last year , several hundred home miles from .
Meanwhile, his reputation seems to be improving, although Bangs noted a "pretty interesting social dynamic."
Meanwhile , his reputation to seems be improving , Bangs although noted a " pretty social dynamic interesting . "
, meanwhile reputation seems his to be improving , although noted Bangs a " pretty social interesting . dynamic "
There are only about 850 wolves in the West, but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions.
There only are 850 about wolves West the in , but there are an estimated 31 , mountain 000 lions .
Are there only 850 about in wolves the West , there but are an estimated , 31 mountain 000 lions .
Pound for pound, mountain lions eat more game and more livestock than wolves.
Pound for pound , lions eat mountain game more more and livestock than wolves .
For pound pound , mountain eat lions game more more and livestock than wolves .
They even occasionally attack people, which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm.
They even attack occasionally people which , wolves do not - - the despite propaganda from the Grimm Brothers .
Even they attack occasionally people , which do wolves not - - despite the propaganda from Brothers the Grimm .
Yet people seem willing -- even eager -- to accommodate mountain lions, despite the risks.
Yet people seem willing - - eager even - to - accommodate mountain lions , the despite risks .
Yet people seem willing - - eager even - to - accommodate mountain lions , despite the . risks
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf.
It remains to seen be whether they will extend same courtesy the to the arriving gray wolf .
To it remains be whether seen they will the extend courtesy same to the arriving gray wolf .
Regarding those rumors about wolves living in Yellowstone prior to the official reintroduction?
Those regarding rumors about living wolves in prior Yellowstone to official the reintroduction ?
Regarding those rumors about wolves in living prior to Yellowstone the official ? reintroduction
They seem to be just that: rumors.
Seem they to be that just : rumors .
Seem they be to just that : rumors .
True, there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States.
True , there are about , 300 000 and wolves wolf kept hybrids pets as in the United States .
, true there are 300 about , 000 and wolf wolves hybrids kept as in pets United the States .
It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance, a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this very act not long ago.
Also it people is likely have released some of these animals into the hoping wild they survive would - - instance , for a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone this in very not act ago long .
It is also likely people have released of these some animals into the wild hoping would they survive - - instance for , a ranger Glacier in Park caught in very someone this act not long . ago
Bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in the wild, however, and they all almost certainly have died.
Said bangs these animals are not equipped to survive in wild the , however , and they all almost have died certainly .
Said bangs these are animals not equipped survive to in wild the , however , and all they almost certainly have . died
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants.
He said 10 after of years DNA testing northern on Rockies wolves , have scientists not found a strain single that did not belong to of one the wolves the agency released - - or their descendants .
He said years after 10 of testing DNA on Rockies northern wolves , scientists have not a found that single strain not did belong one to of wolves the the agency released - - or their descendants .
--
--
--
Blue Planet is a weekly series examining the relationship of humans to the environment, by veteran environmental reporter Dan Whipple.
Blue Planet a is weekly series examining the relationship humans of the to environment by , veteran environmental Dan Whipple reporter .
Planet blue is a weekly series examining relationship the humans to of the environment , by veteran environmental Whipple reporter Dan .
E-mail: sciencem...@upi.com
- e mail : sciencem . . . upi @ com .
- e mail : . sciencem . . @ upi com .
Climate: Humans fuss, animals adjust
: climate fuss Humans , animals adjust
Climate Humans : fuss animals , adjust
By Dan Whipple
Dan by Whipple
Dan by Whipple
UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
UNITED INTERNATIONAL PRESS
PRESS UNITED INTERNATIONAL
Boulder, CO, Nov. 15 (UPI) --
, boulder CO , . Nov 15 UPI ( ) - -
, boulder CO Nov , . 15 UPI ( ) - -
Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends, but meanwhile Earth's plants, insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome.
Scientists can argue all they how about want many degrees Celsius - - or Fahrenheit - - planet the is warming and what the portends trend , meanwhile Earth but ' s plants , insects animals and not are for waiting the outcome .
Can scientists argue all they want about how many degrees - Celsius - or Fahrenheit - - the is planet warming and what the trend , portends meanwhile but Earth s plants ' , insects and are not animals waiting for the . outcome
They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening.
They already are altering their patterns of behavior in to response what is . happening
Already they are altering their of patterns behavior in response to what is happening .
It turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions, and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming.
Out it turns one of the surest barometers of the warming climate response is the of the - non human natural to world changing , conditions biologists and who study the responses have aware been for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global . warming
Turns it out of one the surest barometers of the is warming climate the of response the non - human natural world changing to conditions and , who biologists study the responses have been aware for some the years biosphere is global acknowledging warming .
Nina Leopold Bradley, a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold, published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61-year uninterrupted phenological records.
Nina Leopold Bradley , plant a ecologist and of daughter pioneer the conservation Aldo Leopold published , a paper 1999 the in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61 - uninterrupted year phenological records .
Nina Leopold Bradley plant , a and ecologist daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold published , a paper in 1999 the Proceedings of the National Academy Sciences of on her - 61 year uninterrupted . phenological records
Phenology studies an organism's development and life cycle -- the pulse of life.
An phenology studies organism ' s and development life cycle - - pulse the life of .
Phenology studies an organism ' development s and life cycle - - the of life pulse .
Bradley's record of 300 phenophases found that even prior to 1999, spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks earlier than in the earlier years of her data.
Bradley ' s 300 record of found phenophases that even to prior 1999 , spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks than earlier the in years of earlier data her .
Bradley ' s of record phenophases 300 found that even to prior 1999 , was spring arriving in higher several latitudes weeks than earlier in the years earlier of her data .
Birds arrived sooner on their migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier.
Birds arrived sooner on their migrations the from south and flowered plants earlier .
Birds arrived sooner on migrations their from and the south flowered plants earlier .
The Eastern phoebe is showing up about 20 days before it used to.
The Eastern is phoebe showing about 20 up days before it to used .
The phoebe Eastern showing up about is 20 days before it used to .
The forest phlox is blooming in late April instead of mid-May.
The phlox is forest blooming late in April instead of mid - . May
The forest phlox is blooming late in instead April of - mid . May
Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming.
Of half the 300 phenophases tracked Leopold a showed consistent response with warming .
Half of the 300 phenophases tracked Leopold showed response a consistent with warming .
In England, the cuckoo returns earlier.
In England the , cuckoo earlier returns .
In England , the returns cuckoo . earlier
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one-third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago.
Analysis an 65 of bird species in the United shows Kingdom about one - third are laying eggs their four to seven than days they earlier years did 25 ago .
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom one about shows - are third eggs laying their four seven to earlier days than did they 25 years ago .
"One of the major, most well-documented and robust findings in ecology over the past century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical distribution of species and ecological communities," concluded a report titled "Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States," released by the Pew Center on Global Climate last week.
" of One the major , most well - documented and robust findings ecology in over the century past has crucial been the role of climate in determining the geographical of distribution species and ecological communities , " concluded a report titled " Impacts Observed Global Climate of Change in the United States , " released by Pew the Center on Global Climate last week .
" One of the major , most well - documented and robust findings in ecology over the past has century been the crucial role of climate geographical in determining the distribution species of and communities ecological , " concluded a report titled " Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States , " released by the Pew Center on Global Climate last week .
Pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology.
Researchers pew looked at about 40 that studies could provide an assessment of climate whether affecting biology was .
Pew researchers looked at 40 about studies that could provide an assessment of climate was whether affecting biology .
"Half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change," said Camille Parmesan, a University of Texas-Austin biologist and one of the world's leading experts on this issue.
Half " of the studies provide strong evidence causal of a between link biological the and change climate change , " said Camille Parmesan , University a of Texas - Austin biologist and one of world the ' s experts on leading this issue .
" Half the of studies provide strong evidence a of causal link between biological the change climate and change , said " Parmesan Camille , a University Texas of - Austin biologist and one the of world ' s leading experts this issue on .
These changes are occurring across all species, Parmesan told UPI's Climate.
Changes these are across all occurring species , Parmesan told UPI ' Climate s .
Changes these are occurring all across species Parmesan , UPI told ' s Climate .
"Across the United States, the northern edge of species' range is expanding," she said.
" Across the United States the northern , edge species of ' is expanding range , " said she .
" the Across United , States northern the edge of ' species is range expanding , " said she .
Parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly, which migrates between Mexico and southern California.
Has parmesan of spent much her career studying the butterfly checkerspot , which migrates Mexico and between southern California .
Has parmesan spent much of her the career studying checkerspot butterfly , between which migrates Mexico southern and California .
Some localized extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat.
Localized some have extinctions already occurred across some of its habitat .
Some localized extinctions already have across some occurred of habitat its .
"Empirical research pointed to climate as being a strong driver," she said.
" Empirical pointed research to as climate a being strong , driver " she said .
Empirical research " to pointed climate as a being strong driver , " she said .
"There have been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California in areas where the habitat is still acceptable."
" There have been numbers large of population extinctions Mexico in and southern California in areas the where is habitat acceptable still . "
" There have been large of numbers population extinctions and in Mexico southern in California areas the where is habitat acceptable still . "
According to Parmesan's earlier studies, one extinction event, for instance, was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely, relying on a warming temperature signal, then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat.
According to Parmesan ' s earlier studies , one event extinction , for instance , was when triggered a migrated checkerspot population north prematurely , on relying a warming signal temperature , was then caught in a severe snowstorm in its habitat northern .
According to Parmesan ' s studies earlier , extinction one event , for instance , was when triggered checkerspot a population north migrated prematurely , relying on a temperature signal warming , then was caught in a severe snowstorm its in northern habitat .
Throughout the United States, she said, "spring is about two weeks earlier.
Throughout the United States , said she , " is spring two weeks about earlier .
Throughout the States United she , said , " spring is weeks about two earlier .
Tree swallows are nesting nine days earlier.
Tree are nesting swallows nine days earlier .
Swallows tree are nesting days nine earlier .
Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast.
Species tropical moved have up to and Florida the Gulf Coast .
Tropical have species moved to up Florida and the Coast Gulf .
Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many, many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbean."
Bird and butterfly are seeing watchers many , new many species coming up from Mexico and Caribbean the . "
And bird butterfly watchers are seeing many , new many species up coming from and Mexico the Caribbean . "
As the Pew report concluded, "Sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within U.S. ecosystems."
Pew as the concluded report , " Sufficient studies exist now to conclude the that of consequences climate change already are detectable within U . S . ecosystems . "
As the Pew concluded report , Sufficient " now studies to conclude exist that the consequences of change are climate detectable already within U S . . ecosystems . "
Such consequences include shifting and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystems.
Such consequences include and shifting , in some , cases contraction of ranges and changes species composition in within ecosystems .
Such include consequences shifting and , some in cases , contraction of ranges changes and in species within composition ecosystems .
The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage.
The report found also of alterations ecosystem such processes as carbon and cycling storage .
The found report also alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage .
The Alaskan tundra, for instance, has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to "being a net source of CO2 (releasing more carbon than is stored) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release CO2."
The alaskan tundra , for instance , has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide - - absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases - - to " being net a of source CO2 ( releasing carbon more is than stored because ) winters warmer have allowed dead plant previously matter stored in soil the to decompose and release CO2 . "
The Alaskan tundra , for instance , has switched from being a sink net of carbon dioxide - - absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases - - " to being a net of CO2 source ( releasing more carbon than is stored ) because winters warmer have allowed dead previously plant matter stored in the to soil decompose and release CO2 . "
The Pew report coincided with the release in Iceland of the "Arctic Climate Impact Assessment."
The report Pew coincided with the release Iceland in of the " Arctic Assessment Impact Climate . "
Pew report the coincided with release the of in Iceland the " Arctic Climate Impact Assessment . "
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000.
ACIA the - - participation with by the States , United Canada Denmark , , , Finland Iceland , Norway , Russian the Federation Sweden and - - was begun in . 2000
The - ACIA - with participation the by United States , , Canada Denmark Finland , , Iceland , Norway , the Russian and Sweden Federation - - was begun 2000 in .
"The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the Arctic," said ACIA chair Robert Corell.
" impacts of The global are warming affecting people now in the Arctic , " said ACIA chair Corell Robert .
" The impacts global warming of are affecting now people in the Arctic , " said ACIA chair Robert . Corell
"The Arctic is experiencing some of the most rapid and severe climate change on Earth.
" Arctic is The experiencing some of the rapid most and climate severe change on . Earth
" Arctic The experiencing is of some the most rapid and climate severe on change Earth .
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come."
The impacts of climate change on the region the and are globe projected to increase in substantially the to years come . "
The of impacts climate on change the the region and globe are projected to increase in substantially the years come to . "
The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years.
ACIA the Arctic found winter have temperatures increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in last the 50 years and go should up about twice that much the in 100 next years .
The ACIA found winter Arctic temperatures increased have degrees 4 to 7 degrees Fahrenheit the in last 50 and years go should about up twice that much the in next years 100 .
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century, the assessment found, with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice.
Summer will arctic sea ice decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the found assessment , some with predicting models complete of disappearance summer ice sea .
Summer arctic sea decline ice will by 50 percent by end the the 21st of , century assessment the found , with some models predicting complete disappearance summer of sea ice .
"Should the Arctic Ocean become ice-free in summer, it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction," the report concluded.
" the Should Arctic Ocean become - ice free in , summer it is likely that bears and polar some species seal would driven be extinction toward , the " report concluded .
" Should the Ocean Arctic become - ice in free summer , it likely is that polar and bears some species seal would be driven extinction toward , " the report concluded .
As with so much climate research, not everyone agrees with these dire predictions.
As so with much climate research not , everyone with agrees these dire . predictions
With as so much climate research , everyone not agrees with dire predictions these .
A third report, "The Impacts of Climate Change: An Appraisal for the Future," completed by the Britain-based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously with the other two, falls somewhat into that category.
A third report , The " Climate Impacts of : Change An Appraisal for Future the , " completed the by Britain - based International Network Policy released and almost simultaneously with the two other , falls somewhat into category that .
A report third , " The Impacts Climate Change of : Appraisal for An the Future , " by completed the Britain - based International Network Policy and released simultaneously almost the with other two , falls somewhat into that . category
On the one hand, the IPN report agreed "Climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in the Arctic will substantially exceed the global rise.
The on one hand , IPN the report agreed Climate " models predict generally that temperature the rises the in Arctic substantially will exceed global the rise .
The on one , hand IPN the agreed report " Climate models generally that predict temperature the rises in the will Arctic exceed substantially the global rise .
This applies especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase."
Applies this in especially the high Arctic where the cover expected ice is to diminish the substantially effect with that the surface absorption solar of radiation will greatly increase . "
Applies this especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the that the effect absorption surface of radiation solar greatly will . increase "
On the other hand, the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fisheries.
On other the hand the thinks , report the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fisheries .
On the other hand , the report thinks the might news be so not bad for North the Atlantic fisheries .
"The impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge," the IPN report said.
" The impact global of warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge , " the report IPN said .
" impact The of global warming on stocks fish and is fisheries hard to judge , " the IPN report . said
"A warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North Atlantic."
A " warming the of magnitude predicted is more than likely not to to be the beneficial fisheries of North the Atlantic . "
" warming A of the magnitude predicted more is than likely not be to to beneficial the fisheries the of North . Atlantic "
The important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobster.
Important the commercial that species probably would from benefit include warming cod haddock , , saithe , herring , whiting blue of and several types flatfish and crustaceans - - as such the Norway lobster .
The important species commercial that probably would from benefit warming include , cod haddock , saithe , herring , blue whiting and several of types flatfish and crustaceans - such - as Norway the lobster .
Important species that probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish.
Species important that would probably decline shrimp include , capelin , Greenland halibut and some of flatfish varieties .
Important species that probably would decline include shrimp , capelin , Greenland and halibut some flatfish varieties of .
Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate.
Hidden in laundry this - list - and in the of pile examined studies by Pew the researchers - - one is of the dividing fundamental chasms in participants global the warming debate .
In hidden this list laundry - - and pile in the studies of by examined Pew the researchers - - is one of fundamental chasms the dividing participants in the global warming . debate
The IPN report examines commercial fish species, but it neglects important non-commercial animals, such as seals and polar bears.
The IPN report examines commercial fish species , but neglects it important non - animals commercial , as such polar seals and bears .
The examines IPN report commercial fish species but , it neglects important non - animals , commercial such as seals and polar bears .
In a limited economic sense, therefore, the organization can argue warming might be a good thing.
In a limited sense economic , therefore , the organization can warming might argue be good thing a .
In a limited economic sense , therefore , the organization can might argue warming be good a thing .
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears, checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables.
The is problem whether one cares what happens the to bears polar , butterflies and checkerspot other unconsumables .
The problem whether is one cares what happens to polar the bears , butterflies checkerspot other unconsumables and .
The Pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument.
The Pew to researchers tried transcend the argument economic .
Pew the researchers to tried transcend economic the argument .
They assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species, and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy.
Value assumed they a - - unspecified - - for non - commercial species , doing and in rendered so the warming news bit a less rosy .
They a assumed - value unspecified - - - for non - commercial species , and doing in so the rendered warming news bit less a . rosy
This tug-of-war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans, because animals and plants can adjust only so much.
This tug of - - war calculating economic over values the is that ultimately one will have to be decided by humans , animals because and can plants adjust only much so .
This tug of - - war economic over calculating values is the one that ultimately will have be to by decided humans because , and animals can plants adjust only much so .
"When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures, it is time to listen for the final proof of spring," wrote Aldo Leopold in "A Sand County Almanac."
" When have set dandelions mark of the May Wisconsin on pastures , it is time to listen for final the of spring proof , " wrote Aldo Leopold in " A Sand County Almanac . "
" When dandelions set have the mark of May on pastures Wisconsin , it time is to listen the for final proof spring of , " wrote Leopold in Aldo " A Sand County . Almanac "
"Sit down on a tussock, cock your ears at the sky, dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings, and soon you may hear it: the flight of the upland plover, just now back from the Argentine."
" Sit down a on tussock , cock your ears at the sky , dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks redwings and , and you soon hear may it : flight the of upland the , plover just back now from the Argentine . "
" Sit down on a tussock your , cock ears at the sky , dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and and redwings , soon you may hear it : the flight of upland the , plover just back now from Argentine the . "
Or maybe not.
Maybe or not .
Or not maybe .
--
--
--
Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate change.
Climate is a weekly series UPI by examining impacts the of global climate change .
Climate is a series weekly by examining UPI the impacts global of climate . change
E-mail sciencem...@upi.com
- e mail sciencem . . . @ upi . com
- e sciencem mail . . . @ . upi com
Preamble from BBC leading to the comments further below.
Preamble from BBC to leading the comments further below .
Preamble from BBC leading the to comments further below .
Feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments, as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event.
Feel free to cut and paste and leave your , as comments these the viewpoints cover entire gamut surrounding the event .
Feel free to cut and and paste leave your comments these , as viewpoints cover entire the gamut the surrounding . event
---->===}*{===<----
---->===}*{===<----
---->===}*{===<----
How has Katrina changed the US?
Has how Katrina the changed US ?
How has changed Katrina US the ?
What will be the lasting effects of Hurricane Katrina and what can be learnt from the response?
Will what be the effects of lasting Hurricane Katrina and what can be learnt from ? the response
What will be the lasting effects Katrina of Hurricane and can what be learnt the from ? response
Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of displaced people while authorities have vowed to restore security in New Orleans following a breakdown of law and order.
Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds thousands of of people while displaced authorities have vowed restore security to in New Orleans following a breakdown of order law and .
Agencies relief trying are to of help hundreds thousands of displaced while people authorities have vowed to security restore New Orleans in following a breakdown of law and . order
In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed.
In the press world , commentators predict that Katrina will make profound a in change the way the US perceived is at home and abroad , especially following the scenes of racial poverty and believe divisions they disaster the has . revealed
The in world press , commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived home at and abroad , especially the following of scenes and poverty racial divisions they the believe revealed disaster has .
Meanwhile, President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled.
Meanwhile , President George W Bush has said will he an lead inquiry how into the disaster was . handled
Meanwhile , President W George Bush said has he will an lead inquiry into how disaster was handled the .
How has Katrina changed the US?
Has Katrina how changed the US ?
How has Katrina US changed the ?
Has it altered your life?
Has altered it your life ?
Has altered it your life ?
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US?
Disaster has the the affected way other countries view the US ?
The has disaster affected the other way countries view the ? US
Send us your comments using the form.
Send us comments your using the . form
Send us comments your the using form .
---->===}*{===<----
---->===}*{===<----
---->===}*{===<----
Some of the better comments:
Some of better the comments :
Some of better the comments :
"As an American, I would like to take this opportunity to tell all the 'USA and Bush Bashers' that I am appalled at the number of 'allies' that are using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions.
" As an American , would like I to take this opportunity to tell all the ' USA and Bashers Bush that ' am I appalled at the number of allies ' ' are that using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless . opinions
" As an American , would I like to this take opportunity to tell the all ' USA Bush and Bashers ' that am appalled I at the number of ' allies ' that are using this as disaster their podium to their spread useless opinions .
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system, a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem.
What you New see in is Orleans a perfect of example the downfalls of the welfare system , form a socialism of that in many country know this is the true problem .
What you see New in Orleans is a example perfect the of of the downfalls welfare system , a form socialism of that many this in country is know the true problem .
You have seen the pictures.
Have you seen the pictures .
You have the seen pictures .
You people think it is race, but it is not.
You think people it is race , is but it not .
You people is think it race , but it not is .
It is the welfare society that was New Orleans."
It the is society welfare that was New . Orleans "
It the welfare is that society was New Orleans . "
--Paul, Atlanta, USA
- Paul - Atlanta , , USA
- - Paul , USA Atlanta ,
"I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush-Bashers; "Sorry chaps, but you did have it coming..."
" I am frankly revolted response by the the of Bush - Bashers ; " Sorry chaps , but you did have it coming . . . "
" am I revolted frankly the by of response the Bush - Bashers ; " chaps Sorry but you , did it have coming . . . "
The plain fact is that Bush has a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of his detractors.
The plain fact is that Bush has a more sight in way common the of humanity a than many great of his . detractors
The plain fact that Bush is has in a sight more the of way common humanity a than great many of his detractors .
At least he isn't using this disaster for cheap political point-scoring."
Least at isn he ' t this using disaster for cheap - political point scoring . "
Least at he ' isn using this t disaster cheap for political point - scoring . "
--Mac, Nottingham
- - Mac Nottingham ,
- - Mac Nottingham ,
"I do not feel it has changed the US citizens which is what was needed, even now the majority want "Gas" despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop, perhaps this natural disaster, which let's face it looks like a product of Global Warming, will change their views, why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your legs, other people in the world do it, "Gas" is not the be all and end all!"
" I do feel not it has changed the US citizens which is what was needed , even the now majority want " Gas " despite the fact they are the polluting world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop , this perhaps natural disaster , which let ' s face it looks like a product of Warming Global , will change their views , why not pick up things with your and hands walk with your legs , other people in do the world it , " Gas " not is the be all and end all ! "
" I do not feel it has changed the US citizens which what is was needed , even now the majority want Gas " " despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in world the refuse and to stop , perhaps this natural disaster , which let ' s face it looks a like Global product of Warming , will change their views , why pick not things up with hands your and walk with your legs , other in people the world do it , " Gas " is not the be all and end all ! "
--David, Kent
- - David Kent ,
- David - , Kent
<This man has clearly never visited the US.
This < man clearly has never visited US the .
< This man clearly has never the US visited .
Distances are not what they are in the old world.
Are distances not what are they the in old world .
Are distances not they what are in the world old .
Here, cars are absolutely necessary, and he'd have to have one, too.
Cars here , are necessary absolutely and , he ' d have have to one , too .
, here are absolutely cars necessary , and he ' have d have to one , too .
-Juggernaut>
- > Juggernaut
Juggernaut - >
"The US will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days.
" The work US will its way through loss the a of city and we making are after progress seven short days .
" The US will its work way through the loss and of a city we making are progress after short seven days .
Thank you for your concern, but Europe is still irrelevant."
Thank you for your concern but , Europe still is . irrelevant "
You thank for your , concern but is Europe still irrelevant . "
--John B, Windermere, Florida
- - B John , , Windermere Florida
- - John , B Windermere Florida ,
<John can come over to eat at my house anytime.
< can John come over to eat my at anytime house .
< John come can over to eat my at anytime house .
-Juggernaut>
- > Juggernaut
- > Juggernaut
It is always interesting what spin the press will take.
It is always what spin interesting press the will take .
Is it what always interesting spin the press will take .
Certainly, representation of the US in other countries will have a certain depiction.
Certainly , representation of the in US other will countries have depiction a certain .
, certainly representation of US the other in countries will a have certain depiction .
I don't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news.
I don ' t believe that folks who believe that is America the land opportunity of change will views their from recent this news .
Don I t ' believe that folks who believe that is America land the of opportunity will their change views from this recent news .
I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery.
I have friend who a came here from Bulgaria winning after a in green card a lottery .
I have a who friend came from Bulgaria here after a winning green card a in lottery .
Yes, she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country.
Yes , and she her family were delighted leave to communistic the remnants country in that .
Yes , and she family her delighted were to the leave remnants communistic in that country .
Her husband became a citizen of the US just the week before last.
Her husband became a citizen of the US the before just week . last
Her husband a became citizen of US the just the week before last .
(Believe it or not, it takes a minimum of 5 years to apply.)
( it Believe or not , takes a it minimum years of 5 to apply . )
( Believe it or not , takes it minimum a 5 of years . to apply )
The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations.
The countries are which giving America to to aid a are great the example of seed that has America sown through the years with other nations .
The countries are which to giving America to are aid a great of seed example the America that has sown the through years with other nations .
Now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue...
To now the stricken poverty the and racial issue . . .
Now to poverty the stricken the and racial . issue . .
You know, I've lived in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life.
Know you I , ' lived ve in Dallas the / Fort Worth Metroplex most my of life .
Know you , I ' ve lived the in Fort Dallas / Worth Metroplex most of life my .
When not in Texas, I lived in LA and San Francisco.
Not in when Texas , I in lived LA and San Francisco .
Not when in Texas , I lived in and San LA Francisco .
There is a lot of racial diversity in all of these places... and I've vacationed through the south... visited my folks when they lived in Mississippi, and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white (less than 20%) in northeastern Arkansas.
There is a lot racial of diversity in all of these . places . . and I ve ' vacationed through the south . . . visited my folks when they lived in Mississippi and , where they now live and are the in racial minority white being ( less 20 than % ) in northeastern Arkansas .
Lot there is a of racial diversity in all of these places . . . I and ' vacationed ve through the . south . . my visited when they folks lived in Mississippi , and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white ( less than % 20 ) in northeastern Arkansas .
The fact is, when I began traveling for business to New England, when I first visited my in-laws in Montana and Idaho, I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity.
The is fact , when began I traveling for to New business , England when I visited first my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I shocked was at the lack racial of diversity .
Fact the is , when I began for traveling business to New England , when first visited I my - in in laws and Montana Idaho , I was shocked at the of lack racial diversity .
I didn't expect to react that way, but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua, New Hampshire, and everyone else looked pretty much like me, it was really very eerie.
I didn ' t expect to react way , that but when I looking my was around workplace Nashua in , Hampshire New , and everyone else looked pretty much like , me was it really eerie very .
Didn I ' t react expect to way that , but when I looking was around my workplace Nashua in , New Hampshire , everyone and else looked much pretty like me , was it really eerie very .
So, yes, America has pockets that are more diverse than others.
So yes , , America pockets has are that more diverse than . others
, so , yes America pockets has are that more diverse than others .
Additionally, reviewing the standings of Louisiana and Mississippi in the educational stakes, you'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states.
Additionally , reviewing standings the Louisiana of and Mississippi in stakes the educational , ' you ll find they usually near land the bottom of list a of 50 states .
Additionally , the reviewing standings of Louisiana Mississippi and in the stakes educational , you ' ll find usually they near land bottom the of a list of states 50 .
Unfortunately, those left behind to be filmed, where those without transportation or means.
Unfortunately those , left to behind be filmed , where those without transportation . or means
, unfortunately those left to behind filmed be , those where without transportation or means .
Some refused to leave, but so many were unable to.
Some refused to , leave but so many to were unable .
Refused some to leave but , many so were unable to .
Yes, it's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this.
Yes it , s ' a valid reflection America of - we do have like this cities .
Yes , it s ' valid a reflection of - America we have do cities like . this
However, New Orleans also had many affluent people, people who left town early as they had the means.
However , New Orleans also had many affluent , people who people town left as early they means had the .
However , New Orleans had also many affluent people people , who left town early they as had means the .
I don't know if this will change other nation's perceptions of America.
I don ' t if know will this other change nation ' perceptions s America of .
I don ' know t this if change other will nation ' perceptions s of America .
I suspect it will not change greatly... but you never know how much stock people put in the news.
I it suspect will not change greatly . . but . you know never much people how stock put in the news .
I suspect not it change will . greatly . . but you never know how much stock people put the news in .
I do know that this will change the face of America.
I do know that this change will the face of America .
I know that do this will change face the of America .
I expect that many of the displaced people (those affluent and those not) will remain in the places they were evacuated to.
I expect that of many the people displaced ( those affluent those and ) not in will the remain places they were evacuated to .
I expect that of the many displaced people ( those and those affluent not ) will remain in they the places were evacuated . to
The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston, Dallas, San Antonio and Galveston, and the surrounding areas.
The 1 25 . million people have who been housed in stadiums and centers convention across will to Texas begin Houston populate , Dallas , San Antonio and Galveston , and the areas surrounding .
The 1 . 25 people who million been have housed stadiums in and centers convention Texas across will begin populate to Houston , Dallas , Antonio San and Galveston , the and areas surrounding .
Sure, some will return, but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing, they may be shy about returning.
, sure will some return , but have I feeling a once that many begin get to and jobs temporary housing they , may be shy about returning .
Sure , will some return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs temporary housing and , may they be about returning shy .
I'm interested in what America will look like in 5 years.
' I m interested in America what like will look in 5 years .
I ' m in interested what will America look in like 5 . years
Will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming as some people are offered jobs there?
Will racial diversity its find way to as Wyoming are some people offered jobs there ?
Will racial diversity its find way to as Wyoming some people offered are there jobs ?
Or will the nearly year-round snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives?
Will or nearly the year - snow round be too for much those who have experienced never snow in their ? lives
Or will the nearly year - snow be round too much those for have who never experienced their snow in lives ?
Will the housing market in Dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due to the influx of buyers?
Will housing the market Dallas begin in like booming the rest the nation of has due to the influx of buyers ?
Will the market housing in Dallas begin booming like the of rest nation the has due to the of influx buyers ?
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast?
Businesses will were that new in 2005 become have a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf ? coast
Will businesses that were new 2005 in have a become household due name their to efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast ?
What will the federal government do to prevent inflation in the housing and building market?
What will federal the government to do prevent in inflation housing the and building market ?
Will the what federal government do prevent to inflation the in housing and building market ?
These are some of the things I've been wondering...
Are these some the of things I ve ' wondering been . . .
Are some these the of I things ' ve been wondering . . .
Linna
Linna
Linna
Response coming soon.
Coming response soon .
Coming response soon .
Your reply is good and deserves something good in return.
Your is reply good and something deserves good return in .
Your reply is and good something deserves good return in .
Juggernaut
Juggernaut
Juggernaut
Okay, I'm new to this forum and really don't like Bush, so my view point is slanted and I admit that.
, okay ' I m this new to and forum don really ' like t Bush , my so view point is slanted and I admit that .
Okay , I ' m new to forum this and really don ' t like so Bush my , view is point slanted and I that admit .
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what's the point?
I listen rarely the to news or to what politicians lawyers or because say so many tell lies that have none credibility so what ' s point the ?
I rarely listen to news the to or politicians what or say lawyers because tell so many lies none that have credibility so what ' s point the ?
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans.
What I know is I have that a close friend who ' s disappeared aunt in New Orleans .
What know I is that I have a close friend who ' s aunt in disappeared Orleans New .
My friend didn't have computer capability, so I spent the day searching and posting online.
My friend didn ' t have computer capability , so I spent day the and searching posting . online
Friend my didn ' t capability have computer , so I the spent day searching and posting . online
The family here (California) wanted to fly any family members from there to CA, so they could remain here until things got straightened out down there.
The here family ( California ) to wanted any fly family members there from to CA , so they could here remain until things got out down straightened there .
Family the here ( ) California wanted to fly any family members there from to CA , so could they remain until here things got straightened out down there .
The cousins could not be found because no one was sure of their married names.
The cousins not could be found because one no was of sure married their names .
Cousins the could be not found no because one was sure of their names married .
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available.
The hope was anyone looking for the that Aunt would the see family post and that know help was available .
The hope that was anyone for looking the Aunt would the see post family and know that was help . available
It is Oct. 6, and not one family member has been located.
Is it Oct . 6 and , not family one member been has located .
It Oct is . , and 6 not one family member been has located .
What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation.
What I saw was dozens school of submerged buses that could have been to used people evacuate who no had . transportation
What saw I dozens was of school buses submerged have could that been used to evacuate people who no had transportation .
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans, saying that he didn't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do.
I what heard was the Mayor New of Orleans , saying that didn he t ' order the buses anything or to else be because used he was someone waiting on else to tell him to what do .
What heard I the was Mayor of New Orleans , that saying he ' didn order t buses the or anything else be to because he used was waiting on someone to else tell him what to do .
When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become?
When sense common a takes back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have become we ?
When common takes sense a back to seat politics legal and jumbo mumbo what have become we ?
Recently, Bush addressed the nation.
Recently , addressed Bush nation the .
Recently Bush , the addressed nation .
About 30 seconds into his address, he started flogging the terrorist issue just one more time.
30 about seconds into his address he , started flogging the terrorist issue just more one time .
About 30 into seconds address his , he started flogging the terrorist issue just one time more .
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk.
He almost ironically out burst laughing and it was all he could do to keep mirth his down to a barely smirk controlled .
Ironically he almost burst out and laughing it was all could he do to his keep down mirth to a barely smirk controlled .
Even he can't believe that he is trotting out this old saw again.
He even ' can believe t he that is trotting out this old saw again .
He even can ' t that believe he trotting is out old this saw again .
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour.
I guess if have you schtick a that resounding is a success once , you ' can help t but it trot out every time your is act going . sour
I if guess you have schtick a that is resounding a success once , can ' you t but help trot out it every time your act is going sour .
Meanwhile, every pocket that can be lined is golden and the poor are shunted off radar yet again.
, meanwhile pocket every that can be lined is the golden and are poor shunted off yet radar again .
Meanwhile , every pocket can that lined be golden and is poor the are shunted off radar yet . again
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries, when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together.
The gall of it all that is Bush is stumping for money more build to refineries more when , what should he do is pour into money making the US independent OPEC of or oil crude together all .
The gall of it is that all Bush for is stumping more money to build refineries more , what when he should is do pour money into making the US independent OPEC of or crude oil all together .
We have the technology; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting "FREEDOM" why not spend those billions making all of us free?
We have technology if the ; you are to going of spend billions dollars touting " FREEDOM " why not those spend making billions all of us free ?
Have we technology the if ; are going you spend to billions of dollars touting " FREEDOM " why not spend those making billions all us of free ?
Free of polution, free of oil dependency, and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good (theirs).
Free , of polution of free oil dependency and , free of business big is bleeding that us dry for short the term good ( theirs ) .
Free polution of , free of dependency oil , free and big of that is business us bleeding dry for short the term good ( theirs ) .
I'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off.
I ' m sorry he makes want me to so puke I shut him off .
I ' m he makes sorry me want to puke I shut so him off .
In the meanwhile there are still broken families that should have been safe in the home of the brave.
In the meanwhile there are still broken that families have should been safe in the home the of . brave
In the meanwhile there are broken still families that have should been in safe home of the the brave .
For those who believe....................
Those for believe who . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
For those who believe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Aries in 2005 - Flexibility
Aries 2005 in - Flexibility
In aries 2005 - Flexibility
If you want a motto for 2005, the best one to adopt would be "go with the flow."
If you want a motto for 2005 , the best one to would adopt be " go with flow the . "
You if want a motto for 2005 the , best to one adopt would be " go with the . flow "
2005 will be a year of ups and downs, and only the flexible will be able to keep from going crazy!
will 2005 a be year of ups and downs , and the only flexible will be able to keep from crazy going !
2005 a will year be of ups and downs and , the only flexible will be able to keep from going ! crazy
All Aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion.
All Aries natives may to have belts tighten their and their curb desire constant for expansion .
All Aries natives may have tighten belts to their and their curb desire constant for expansion .
You may need to play it cool and curb your spending.
May you to need play cool it and curb your spending .
You may need play to it and curb cool your spending .
You'll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself, as your creativity will be at an all-time high.
' you be ll among the first seize to upon societal new to trends create new opportunities for yourself as , your creativity will be an at all - time high .
You ll ' be among the first to seize upon new trends to societal new create opportunities yourself for , as creativity your be will at an all - time high .
You will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual, and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision.
You will more be eloquent and persuasive than , and usual others enthusiastically will identify with your vision .
You will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual and , others will identify enthusiastically your with . vision
If you want to start a new creative project or business venture, your imagination will be working overtime.
If you want to start new a creative project venture or business , your imagination will be working . overtime
If you to want start new a creative project or business venture , your imagination will be working overtime .
2005 could find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher.
2005 could you doing find well career - wise - and aspiring climb even to . higher
2005 could you find doing well career wise - - aspiring and climb to higher even .
Taurus in 2005 - Tenacity
Taurus 2005 in - Tenacity
In taurus 2005 - Tenacity
"Diligence" is the key word for you, Taurus.
" Diligence is " the key word you for Taurus , .
" Diligence is " key the word you for , Taurus .
With hard work and focus, you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time.
Hard with focus work and , you attain will at one least important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time .
With work hard and focus , you will at one attain least important aspiration that has been on your for agenda a long time .
This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life.
Is this year the you ' ll want to take stock your of career and yourself ask you if ' re doing the work you want do to the for rest your of life .
This is you year the ' to ll want take stock your of career and ask yourself if ' you re doing the want work you to do for the rest of your . life
As the year progresses, the more impressive your ideas and works become.
The year as progresses , the more impressive your ideas and works become .
As progresses the year , more the impressive your ideas and become works .
As a result, your finances improve - and your newfound confidence could attract new love into your life.
As result a , your - finances improve your and newfound confidence attract could new into love your life .
As a result , finances your improve - and your newfound confidence could attract new into love your life .
By the end of the year, you will have a whole new network of friends and group activity, stimulating new ideas and taking up your social life a notch or two.
The end by of the year , you will have a whole network new of and friends , group activity new stimulating and ideas taking up your life social a or notch two .
By the end of year the , have you will whole a network new of and group friends activity , stimulating new ideas and up taking your social life a two notch or .
Gemini in 2005 - Success
Gemini 2005 in - Success
In gemini 2005 - Success
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end, Gemini, and now you're going to start reaping the rewards these "lessons" have left in their wake.
Your of cycle learning the through of school knocks hard has come to an end , Gemini , and now you re ' going to the start reaping these rewards " lessons " left have in their . wake
Your cycle of learning through the school knocks of hard come has to end an , Gemini and , now ' you re going to reaping start the " rewards these lessons " have left in their . wake
As 2005 progresses, the road ahead will become clearer.
As progresses , 2005 the ahead road will become clearer .
2005 as , progresses the road ahead will become . clearer
You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want.
Now you have it you in create to the kind life for of yourself that you want .
You now have it in you create to the kind of life yourself for that want you .
These leaps and bounds forward include love and creativity.
These leaps and forward include bounds love creativity and .
Leaps these bounds and forward include and love creativity .
Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity, bringing your mind into a whole new space this year.
Learning your of concepts all kinds of combines with extensive group activity , bringing mind your into whole a space new year this .
Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity , mind bringing your a new into whole this space . year
By the end of 2005 you'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off!
End the by 2005 of you ' have ll a whole new start with regard to your career your and potential earning and - a possible new partnership to top off it !
By the end of 2005 you ' ll have whole a new start regard with your to career your earning and potential and - a partnership new possible to top it off !
Cancer in 2005 - Balance
Cancer in 2005 Balance -
Cancer in - 2005 Balance
Finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year's strongest challenges.
A finding balance your between and personal lives may professional be one of the year s ' strongest challenges .
Finding a your balance between professional personal and lives may one be of the year ' strongest s challenges .
For the most part, your outward life this year will go in fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome rest.
For the most part , outward your life year this go in will fits and starts - alternating of periods activity intense with of times rest welcome .
The for part most , your outward life this year will go in starts fits and - alternating periods of intense activity of with times welcome rest .
Enjoy the restful periods when you can.
Enjoy the restful you periods when can .
Enjoy restful the when periods you can .
The active ones will be hectic!
Active the ones will hectic be !
Active the ones be will hectic !
You'll be making radical changes in your work habits, but you'll be a lot happier for it, and in the end you'll know it was worth it.
You ' be making ll radical changes in work your habits , but you ' be ll lot happier a for it and , in the end you ' ll know it was worth . it
You ll ' be radical in making changes your work habits , but ' you be ll a lot happier for , it in and end you the ' ll know it was worth it .
Your love life is full, and any dissatisfaction with career and money matters fades into the background.
Your love life is , full and any with dissatisfaction career and money matters fades the into background .
Your love life full , is and dissatisfaction any with career and money matters fades into background . the
By the end of 2005, you'll feel more confident, more determined, and far more capable of making the mountains come to you!
The end by of , 2005 you ' ll feel more , determined confident more , and far more of capable making mountains the come to you !
By end the of 2005 , you ' ll feel more confident , more determined , and far more of making the capable mountains to come ! you
Leo in 2005 - Abundance
In leo 2005 - Abundance
Leo in 2005 Abundance -
Pursuing a successful career, along with the usual social and financial advantages, will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you, Leo!
A pursuing successful , career along with the social usual and financial advantages , be will easier year this it than has in long a time for , you ! Leo
Successful pursuing a career with , along the usual social and financial advantages , will be easier this than year it has a in long for time you , Leo !
The most difficult thing might be deciding which path means the most to you, and where to put your focus.
The most difficult thing deciding might be which path means the most to you , and where to put your focus .
Most the difficult thing might be deciding which path means to the most you , and where put to your focus .
You'll be able to create opportunities for advancement almost out of thin air.
You ' ll be able to create opportunities for advancement of out almost air thin .
You ' ll be able to create opportunities advancement for almost of out thin air .
Romance in 2005 will make it a year to remember - and you'll be the envy of all your friends.
In romance 2005 will make it year a to remember - you and ' be ll envy the of all friends your .
In romance 2005 will make year it a to remember - and ' you ll be the envy all of friends your .
Love comes willingly and easily.
Comes love willingly and easily .
Comes love willingly and easily .
Money may suddenly become tight at a very inconvenient time.
May money become suddenly tight at a inconvenient very time .
Money may become suddenly tight a at inconvenient very time .
Yet, this is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of 2005, you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness.
This yet , is to no comparison advancements the you ' make ll overall , and by the end 2005 of , you ' look back ll in sheer wonder and happiness .
Yet , is this no to comparison the advancements you ' overall make ll , by and end the of 2005 , you ' ll look back sheer in wonder happiness and .
Virgo in 2005 - Perseverance
In virgo 2005 - Perseverance
In virgo 2005 - Perseverance
Your working life might not go so smoothly this year, Virgo.
Your working life might go not so smoothly year this , . Virgo
Your working not life might so go smoothly this year , Virgo .
For much of 2005, you'll be putting your nose to the grindstone.
For of much , 2005 you ' ll be nose putting your to the grindstone .
For much 2005 of , you ' be putting ll your nose to grindstone the .
On the bright side, your finances will be pretty stable.
On the side bright , finances your be will pretty stable .
On the bright side your , will finances pretty be stable .
Just don't take it for granted - you still need to be cautious this year.
Just don ' t it for take - granted you need still be to cautious this year .
Just ' don take t it for - granted you still need to be cautious this year .
Your love life will thrive for most of the year, and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one.
Your love life thrive will for most of the year , and any relationship begun reaffirmed or in 2005 very likely is to lasting be a one .
Your life love thrive will most for of the year , and any begun relationship or reaffirmed in 2005 very is to be likely a lasting . one
And, you're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak.
, and you ' re develop going to a hopeless romantic streak .
And , you ' to re going develop a hopeless streak romantic .
In spite of a lot of worry over your career, by the year's end, you'll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments.
In spite a of worry lot of over your career , the by year ' s end you , ' see ll that 2005 has filled life with your prosperity accomplishments and .
In spite of lot a worry over your of career , by year the ' end s , you ' ll see that 2005 has filled your with prosperity and life accomplishments .
Libra in 2005 - Expansion
Libra 2005 in - Expansion
In libra 2005 - Expansion
Flex your muscles, friend Libra, and prepare for a relatively easy ride.
Flex muscles your , friend , Libra and prepare a for relatively ride easy .
Muscles flex your , friend Libra , and a prepare for relatively easy ride .
With beneficent Jupiter in your sign, this is definitely your year, especially where your social life is concerned.
With beneficent in Jupiter your sign , is this your definitely year especially , where your life social concerned is .
With Jupiter beneficent in your sign this , is definitely your year , especially where your life social concerned is .
Happiness and enjoyment lie ahead.
And happiness enjoyment lie ahead .
Happiness enjoyment and lie ahead .
If you're not presently married, and want to be, you just might wed by the end of the year.
If you ' re not presently , married and to be want , you just might wed the by end of the . year
If you re ' married not presently , and want to be , you wed just might the by end of year the .
This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme.
Is this the year you ' re to going be doing a of lot travel and about learning your world , as expansion the theme is .
This is year the you ' re to going doing be of a lot travel and learning about world your , expansion as the is theme .
The one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you'd like could be your career, where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare.
One the department life of may not that quite as hopeful be as you ' like d be could your career , where advancement may slow be and satisfaction rare .
Department the one of that may not life quite be as hopeful you as ' d like could be career your , where may advancement be slow and rare satisfaction .
By year's end, you may find yourself seriously considering a major change - all for the best.
By year ' end , s you may find yourself seriously considering a major change - all for the best .
By ' year s end , you may yourself find seriously considering a change major all - for the best .
Scorpio in 2005 - Transmutation
Scorpio in 2005 Transmutation -
In scorpio 2005 - Transmutation
Scorpio, you can still expect changes - perhaps major ones - in your life this year, almost to the point of total transformation.
Scorpio , you can expect still changes perhaps - ones major - life in your this , year almost to the point total of transformation .
, scorpio expect you can still changes - perhaps major ones - in your life this , almost year to point the of total transformation .
While this is most apparent in the area of your career, you'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life.
While this is apparent most in the of area your career , you ll ' see showing it other up in aspects important your of life .
While this most apparent is the in of area your career , you ' ll see it showing up in aspects other important of your life .
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed of.
Your might life take an on new entirely direction you ' never ve dreamed of .
Your life might take on an new entirely direction you ' ve dreamed never of .
You may also change your residence during the year.
May you also your change during residence the year .
You also may your change residence during year the .
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner, or you've been married for many years, happiness in love does lie ahead.
Whether you start year the as a single person for looking a partner , or you ve ' been for married years many , in happiness does love lie ahead .
You whether start the year a as person single for looking partner a , or ' ve you been for married many years , happiness love in does lie ahead .
Be prepared for new horizons.
Prepared be for new horizons .
Be for prepared new horizons .
They may not be familiar, but they will be fascinating.
They may be not familiar , but they will . be fascinating
They may be not familiar , but they will be fascinating .
Don't cling to the banks; instead, flow with the tide in 2005.
' don t cling the to banks ; instead , with flow the tide . in 2005
Don ' cling t to the banks instead ; , flow with tide the in 2005 .
Sagittarius in 2005 - Empowerment
Sagittarius in 2005 Empowerment -
Sagittarius in - 2005 Empowerment
Are you prepared to handle absolute power?
Are you to prepared absolute handle power ?
You are to prepared handle absolute power ?
If not, you will be soon!
If not , will be you soon !
Not if , you be will soon !
Your ruling planet, Jupiter, will be in a special relationship with Pluto - called "mutual reception" - in 2005.
Your ruling planet , , will Jupiter in be a special relationship with - Pluto called " mutual reception " - in . 2005
Your ruling planet Jupiter , , be will a in relationship special Pluto with - " called reception mutual " - in 2005 .
There's so much punch packed into this combination that it's almost scary.
There s ' so much punch into packed this combination that it s ' almost scary .
There ' so s much punch into this packed combination it that s ' almost scary .
You'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny.
' you find ll the ultimate power is the to choose ability your own destiny .
You ' find ll power the ultimate is the to ability choose your own destiny .
You'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly.
You ll ' find practical ways of effectiveness increasing your the in world by gaining new that skills allow to you live more . abundantly
' you ll practical find ways of increasing your in effectiveness the by world gaining skills new that allow you live to more . abundantly
By the second half of the year, you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two years.
The by second half the of , year you will finally feel welcome from relief the tight financial binds that have you hindered over the past years two .
By the second half the of , year will you finally welcome feel from relief the binds tight that financial have hindered you over the past two years .
And, a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like, for the rest of your life.
And , relationship a begin now you will a last very long time - like for , the rest of your . life
, and a relationship you begin now will last a very time long like - , for the rest of life your .
Overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget.
, overall 2005 is sure be to a you year won ' forget t .
, overall 2005 is sure be to a you year won ' forget t .
Capricorn in 2005 - Resolution
Capricorn 2005 in - Resolution
Capricorn in 2005 Resolution -
You've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005, friend Capricorn.
' you ve got of plenty lucky breaks headed your 2005 way in , Capricorn friend .
You ' ve got plenty lucky breaks of headed your way in 2005 friend , Capricorn .
The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general.
The awaited long relief you ' ve needed in love your life is around , the corner and by the end the of year you feel will much about clearer partnerships your in general .
The long awaited you relief ve ' needed your in love life is the around corner and , by the of end the you year will feel about much clearer your partnerships in . general
Financially, it could be a lean year, although some advance planning can help you weather the storm.
Financially , could it be lean a year , although some planning advance can help you weather storm the .
Financially , could be it a lean year , although advance some planning help can weather you storm the .
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially, and you're likely to change jobs or positions this year.
Your career expand opportunities will , exponentially and you ' re likely to jobs change or this positions . year
Your will career opportunities expand exponentially , you and re ' to likely change jobs or this positions year .
At times, the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable, but rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever, as more is revealed and resolved in 2005.
At times , the pressure on job and your home life may seem unbearable , but rest assured you come will through this stronger - and wiser - than ever as , more revealed is resolved and in 2005 .
At times , pressure the your on job home and life may seem unbearable rest , but assured you will come through stronger this - wiser and - ever than , as is more revealed resolved and in 2005 .
Aquarius in 2005 - Magic
Aquarius 2005 in - Magic
Aquarius in 2005 Magic -
2005 sees you expanding your intuitive and psychic skills even more, Aquarius.
sees 2005 you expanding your and intuitive skills psychic even more Aquarius , .
2005 you sees your expanding psychic intuitive and skills even more , Aquarius .
The mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life, especially concerning partnerships of all kinds.
The mysteries of the universe continue to intrigue attract and , you as apply you mystical your awareness to the important decisions in life upcoming your , especially concerning partnerships of all kinds .
The mysteries of the universe to attract continue and intrigue as you , you apply your awareness mystical the to important decisions upcoming in your life , especially concerning partnerships of all kinds .
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department, and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation.
is 2005 bound bring to at least one major success in love the department and , your will be career brimming with enthusiasm new and . innovation
is bound 2005 to bring at one least major success in the department love , your and career will brimming be with new enthusiasm and innovation .
Not only that, but travel, adventure, and personal expansion infuse fresh energy into all areas of your life.
Only not that , travel but , , adventure and personal expansion fresh infuse energy all into areas of life your .
Not only that , travel but , adventure , and expansion personal infuse energy into fresh all areas your of . life
By year's end, your creative decision-making will have carried you to whole new peaks - and a whole new view from above.
By s year ' , end your creative decision will - making have carried you to whole peaks new - and a whole from new view above .
By year ' s end , your creative decision - have making will carried you to whole new peaks - a and whole new view from . above
Pisces in 2005 - Self-confidence
Pisces in - 2005 Self confidence -
Pisces in - 2005 - Self confidence
It's a big year for you, friend Pisces.
It ' a big s year you for , friend Pisces .
It s ' a big for year you friend , Pisces .
No doubt, in 2005 you'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world.
No doubt , in 2005 you ll ' find yourself pushed more and out more the into world .
No doubt , in 2005 you ' ll yourself find more pushed and more out the into world .
You'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends.
' you experience ll a sense new of purpose and make of plenty new friends .
You ' ll experience new a purpose sense of make and plenty of new friends .
Expect lots of surprises and lucky breaks this year, with Uranus bringing the unexpected in your career, your love life, and the world in general.
Expect lots of surprises lucky and breaks this year , with Uranus bringing the unexpected in career your , your love life , and the world in general .
Lots expect of surprises and lucky breaks this , year bringing with Uranus the in unexpected career your , your love life , and in the world general .
At some point during the year, you could pick up a financial windfall, hear of a great career opportunity, or unexpectedly meet the love of your life.
At point the some during year , you could pick up a financial windfall hear , of great a opportunity career , or unexpectedly meet the of love your life .
At some point the year during , you could up pick a windfall financial , of hear a great career opportunity , unexpectedly or meet love the of your life .
It's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate, as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable.
' it s important that you take retreats and plenty of time yourself for to , as regenerate rate the of your change in personal professional and life will be unpredictable fast and .
It ' important s that you take retreats and of plenty time for to yourself regenerate , as the rate change of personal in your and professional life be will fast unpredictable and .
Remain calm and confident, and love is very likely to flourish in 2005.
Remain calm and confident , and is very love to likely flourish 2005 in .
Remain calm and confident , is and love very likely to flourish . in 2005
"Expect the unexpected," and enjoy the ride!
" Expect , the unexpected " and enjoy ride the !
" unexpected Expect the , " and the enjoy ride !
"Success comes before work" only in the dictionary
" comes Success before work " only dictionary in the
Success " before comes work " only the in dictionary
Mayur ? <>
? mayur < >
? mayur < >
Get Mails Everyday <>
Get Everyday Mails < >
Mails get Everyday < >
Share Your Mails <mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com> mayur...@yahoo.com
Share your Mails < mailto : . mayur . . @ yahoo com . mayur > . . . yahoo @ . com
Your share Mails mailto < mayur : . . . yahoo @ . com > mayur . . . @ com yahoo .
SMS Me... 09819602175
Me SMS . . . 09819602175
SMS . Me . . 09819602175
Talk to me <ymsgr:sendIM?mayursha&__Hi+Mayur...>
To me talk < : ymsgr ? sendIM mayursha & + __Hi Mayur . . . >
To me talk ymsgr < : sendIM ? mayursha & Mayur __Hi + . . . >
[send offline as well ]
[ offline send as well ]
[ send offline as ] well
online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1
? online u = mayursha & m = g & 1 t =
online ? = u & mayursha m = g t & = 1
1K Download
Download 1K
Download 1K
-------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------
The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ (1504-06)
RAPHAEL the mysterious Holinshed named was for mysterious the Italian Neoplatonic painter RAPHAEL Sanzio painted who _St . George Fighting the Dragon_ ( - 1504 ) 06
Mysterious RAPHAEL the Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio painted who . _St Fighting George Dragon_ the ( 1504 - 06 )
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Like William Shakspere RAPHAEL (the painter) died on his April birthday Laura & Bridget's day:
William like RAPHAEL Shakspere ( painter the ) died on his birthday Laura April & Bridget ' day s :
Like William RAPHAEL ( Shakspere painter the died ) on April his birthday Laura & Bridget s ' day :
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
ARCHILOCHUS solar eclipse: April 6, 648 BC Friday
Solar ARCHILOCHUS eclipse : April 6 , Friday 648 BC
solar ARCHILOCHUS eclipse : 6 April , 648 Friday BC
Koran descends to Earth: April 6, 610 AD Monday
Descends koran to Earth : April 6 610 , Monday AD
Koran descends to Earth April : 6 , 610 AD Monday
CLEMENT's St.Methodius dies: April 6, 884 Monday
' CLEMENT s . St dies Methodius : April 6 , 884 Monday
' CLEMENT s St . dies Methodius : April 6 , Monday 884
Petrarch meets LAURA: April 6, 1327 Monday
Meets petrarch LAURA : April 6 , Monday 1327
Meets petrarch LAURA : April , 6 1327 Monday
DURER dies: April 6, 1528 Monday
dies DURER : April 6 1528 , Monday
DURER dies : April , 6 Monday 1528
BRIDGET Vere's birth: April 6, 1584 Monday
BRIDGET Vere s ' birth April : , 6 1584 Monday
Vere BRIDGET ' birth : s April 6 , 1584 Monday
Sir Francis Walsingham dies: April 6, 1590 Monday
Francis sir Walsingham dies : 6 April , Monday 1590
Sir Walsingham Francis dies : April , 6 Monday 1590
"native of Crete" EL GRECO dies: April 7, 1614 Monday
Native " of " EL Crete GRECO dies : April 7 , Monday 1614
" Crete native of " EL GRECO dies : 7 April , Monday 1614
{LUCIO: Does BRIDGET PAINT still, Pompey, ha?
{ LUCIO : Does PAINT BRIDGET , still Pompey , ? ha
{ LUCIO : Does BRIDGET still PAINT , , Pompey ? ha
[MfM Act 3, Sc. 2]}
[ MfM Act 3 , Sc 2 . ] }
[ MfM Act 3 , Sc 2 . ] }
LAURA dies of plague: April 6, 1348 Sunday
Dies LAURA plague of : 6 April , 1348 Sunday
Of LAURA dies plague : April 6 , Sunday 1348
RAPHAEL born: April 6, 1483 Sunday
RAPHAEL : born April 6 1483 , Sunday
born RAPHAEL : April , 6 1483 Sunday
RAPHAEL dies: April 6, 1520 Good Friday
dies : RAPHAEL April 6 , 1520 Good Friday
RAPHAEL dies : April , 6 Good 1520 Friday
Thomas Hobbes' birth: April 5, 1588 Good Friday
Hobbes thomas ' birth April : 5 , 1588 Friday Good
Thomas Hobbes birth ' April : , 5 1588 Good Friday
Start of _The SOUND & the FURY_: April 6, 1928 Good Friday
Start of SOUND & _The FURY_ the : 6 April , 1928 Good Friday
Start of _The SOUND & FURY_ the : April 6 1928 , Good Friday
Kent EARTHQUAKE: April 6, 1580 Wednesday
Kent EARTHQUAKE : April 6 , 1580 Wednesday
EARTHQUAKE kent : 6 April , 1580 Wednesday
Historian John Stow dies: April 6, 1605 Sat/Wed.
Historian Stow John : dies April 6 , 1605 / Sat Wed .
John historian Stow : dies April 6 , 1605 Sat Wed / .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
<< Upon the sixth of April, Alexander the Great was born.
< < Upon sixth the of April Alexander , the Great was born .
< < the Upon sixth of April , Alexander Great the was born .
Upon the same day he conquered Darius, won a great victory at sea, & died the same day.
The upon same day he Darius , won a conquered great victory at sea , & died same the day .
Upon the day he same Darius conquered , won a great victory at , sea & died the same day .
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip; for on the same day he took Potidea; >> - JOHN AUBREY, F.R.S.
Neither this was day less his fortunate to father ; Philip for on same the he day took Potidea ; > > - AUBREY JOHN F , . R . . S
This neither was day less fortunate to his Philip father ; on for same the he day Potidea ; took > > - JOHN , AUBREY F . R . S .
---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------
ANTONIO PEREZ 1535-1611 [Philip II's renegade Secretary of State]
PEREZ ANTONIO 1535 - Philip 1611 [ II s ' renegade Secretary of State ]
ANTONIO PEREZ 1535 - 1611 [ II Philip s ' renegade Secretary of State ]
<<In "Love's Labour's Lost" we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho, full of affection and bombast.
< < In " ' Love s Labour ' s Lost " find we character a Adriana de Don , Armatho full of bombast affection and .
< < In " Love ' ' s Labour " s Lost find we a character Don Adriana Armatho de , affection full of and bombast .
A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZ, visited England in 1593 and became acquainted with Francis & ANTHONY Bacon, with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy, which did not last very long, for the Spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in Court circles.
Spanish refugee a , ANTONIO PEREZ , visited England 1593 in and became acquainted with Francis & Bacon ANTHONY , whom with for a time he to have seems been on terms intimacy of , which did not very last , long for the Spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in Court circles .
A , Spanish ANTONIO refugee PEREZ , visited in England 1593 became and Francis acquainted with & ANTHONY Bacon , with whom a for time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy , which did not last very long , for Spaniard the developed so much affectation & bombast that he unpopular became in Court circles .
In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of "RAPHAEL PEREGRINO."
1594 PEREZ in & wrote published a under the book assumed name of " RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . "
1594 in PEREZ wrote & published a under book the assumed of name " RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . "
In the play Holofernes is ridiculing Don Adriana "the traveler from Spain" and says of him: "He is too picked, too spruce, too affected, Too odd, as it were, too PEREGRINate, as I may call it."
In the play Holofernes is ridiculing " Don the Adriana traveler from Spain " of and says : him " He is too picked , spruce too , too affected , odd Too , as it were , too PEREGRINate , may as I call it . "
The in play Holofernes is Don ridiculing Adriana the " traveler from Spain " and says him of : " He is picked too , spruce too , affected too , Too odd , as it were , too PEREGRINate as , I call it may . "
-Act 5, Scene 1.
Act - , 5 Scene 1 .
- 5 Act , 1 Scene .
To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable, Sir Nathaniel replies "a most singular & choice epithet," and at once enters it in his note book.
Make to the reference more pointed and unmistakable , Nathaniel Sir " replies a most & choice singular epithet , " at and once enters it his in note book .
The to reference make more pointed unmistakable and , Sir Nathaniel " replies a most singular & choice epithet , " and at once enters in it note . his book
This parody on PEREZ' sobriquet clearly identifies PEREZ with Armatho.>>
This parody on ' sobriquet PEREZ clearly identifies with Armatho PEREZ . > >
This parody PEREZ on sobriquet ' identifies clearly with PEREZ Armatho . > >
----------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------
Shakespeare Electronic Conference, Vol. 6, No. 0832. Monday, 23 October 1995.
Shakespeare Electronic Conference , Vol 6 . No , . 0832 . , Monday 1995 23 October .
Electronic Conference shakespeare , . Vol 6 No , . 0832 . , Monday 23 October 1995 .
From: Martin Green <MGr...@usa.pipeline.com>
From Martin : Green < MGr . . . @ . usa . pipeline > com
: Martin from Green < MGr . . . usa @ . pipeline com . >
Date: Sunday, 22 Oct 1995 10:57:32 -0400
Date Sunday : , 22 1995 Oct : 10 57 32 : - 0400
: date Sunday , 22 1995 Oct 10 : : 57 32 0400 -
Subject: Re: Facts, Purpose of List, Italy, Jews
Subject : Re : , Facts of List Purpose , Italy , Jews
: subject Re : , Facts Purpose List of , Italy , Jews
<<There were no Jews in England to speak of in the 1590's.
< < were There Jews no in England to speak of the in 1590 ' s .
< There < were no in Jews to England speak of 1590 in the ' s .
True, but two in England that we know of were a part of the Essex entourage: Dr. Lopez, who had been physician to Essex' step-father, the Earl of Leicester, had apparently treated the young Essex for some socially unacceptable ailment, and Antonio Perez, who was a guest at Essex House in the early 1590's.
, but true two in England that we know of were a part of Essex the entourage Dr : . Lopez , had who been physician to Essex ' step - father , Earl the of Leicester , had apparently treated the young Essex for some socially unacceptable ailment , and Perez Antonio , who was guest a at Essex House in the early 1590 ' s .
True , but two in that England we know of were part the a of entourage Essex : Dr . Lopez , who had been physician to Essex step ' - father , the Earl of Leicester , apparently had treated the young Essex for some socially unacceptable ailment , Antonio and Perez , who a was guest at Essex in House the early 1590 ' s .
To be sure, both Lopez & Perez were conversos--but they were thought of in England as being, as they undoubtedly were, at least ethnically, Jews.>>
Be to sure both , Lopez & Perez conversos were - but - were thought they in of England as being , as they were undoubtedly at , least , ethnically Jews . > >
To be , sure Lopez both & conversos Perez - were - but they were of thought in England being as , as they were undoubtedly , ethnically at least , Jews . > >
---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------
<<Doctor RODERIGO LOPEZ (1525 -1594) was the Portugese Jewish doctor accused by Essex of trying to poison Queen Elizabeth.
< < Doctor RODERIGO ( LOPEZ 1525 - 1594 ) the was Portugese Jewish doctor of accused by Essex trying poison to Elizabeth Queen .
< < RODERIGO LOPEZ Doctor ( 1525 - 1594 ) was the Portugese accused Jewish doctor by of Essex to trying poison Queen . Elizabeth
The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7, 1594 at Tyburn.
The 69 year old Dr . Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung quartered and June 7 on , 1594 at Tyburn .
Year the 69 old Dr . Lopez was found guilty and was summarily and quartered hung on June 7 1594 , at Tyburn .
Long before (September 1560) Dr. Lopez had been the personal house doctor of Robert Dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for Amy Robsart (stating that she had "accidentally" fallen down the stairs).
Long before ( September 1560 ) Dr . Lopez had the personal been house doctor Robert of Dudley and good the was doctor obligated to the write death certificate for Amy Robsart ( stating that she had " accidentally " fallen down the stairs ) .
Long ( before September 1560 ) Dr . Lopez the had been house personal doctor of Robert Dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for Amy ( Robsart that stating had she " accidentally fallen " the down ) stairs .
That same year (1560) a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in Rome.
Same that year ( 1560 a ) Spanish priest RUY named handily LOPEZ beat all comers a at chess in tournament Rome .
That same year ( ) 1560 Spanish a priest RUY named LOPEZ all handily beat at comers a chess tournament in Rome .
Lopez's 1561 book "Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz" became THE classic on Chess openings, including the one that bears his name.
' lopez s 1561 " book Libro de la liberal y invencion arte del Juego del Acedraz " THE became classic on Chess openings , including one the bears that his name .
Lopez ' s 1561 book " Libro de la liberal invencion y del arte del Juego Acedraz " became THE classic on Chess , including openings the one bears his that name .
-------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Chess history 1530-1647
Chess history 1530 1647 -
History chess 1530 - 1647
[ ]
[ ]
[ ]
1530 LOPEZ, Ruy b. in Zafra, Spain.
LOPEZ 1530 , b Ruy . Zafra in , Spain .
LOPEZ 1530 , Ruy . in b Zafra , Spain .
Spanish priest & leading player.
Spanish priest & leading . player
Priest spanish & leading player .
1533 Atahualpa, inca emperor of peru, imprisoned & learns chess.
Atahualpa 1533 inca emperor , of peru , imprisoned & learns chess .
1533 , Atahualpa inca emperor of , peru imprisoned & chess learns .
1542 LEONARDO, Giovanni (a.k.a. Il Puttino/the Boy) born in Calaria.
LEONARDO 1542 , Giovanni ( . a k a . . Puttino Il / Boy the ) born Calaria in .
LEONARDO 1542 , ( Giovanni a . . k a Il . Puttino / the Boy ) born . in Calaria
1550 Valdiviesco, Don Antonio de, Bishop of Nicaragua, assassinated while playing chess in his palace at Leon.
1550 Valdiviesco , Don Antonio de , Bishop Nicaragua of , while assassinated playing in chess his palace Leon at .
1550 Valdiviesco , Antonio de Don , of Bishop , Nicaragua while assassinated playing chess in his at palace Leon .
1551 Ivan IV of Russia bans chess.
1551 Ivan IV of Russia bans chess .
1551 IV Ivan of bans Russia chess .
1555 Castling is introduced.
1555 is Castling introduced .
Castling 1555 is introduced .
1560 Ruy Lopez visits Rome and defeats all the players.
1560 Lopez Ruy visits Rome defeats and all players the .
1560 Ruy Lopez visits defeats Rome and all players the .
1561 Last time castling was 2 separate moves.
Last 1561 time castling was separate 2 moves .
Last 1561 time castling 2 was separate moves .
1561 Ruy Lopez proposes the 50-move rule to claim a draw.
Ruy 1561 Lopez proposes the rule 50 - move to claim a draw .
1561 Ruy proposes Lopez the - 50 move rule to claim a draw .
1561 Ruy Lopez writes his book on chess.
Ruy 1561 Lopez writes his book chess on .
1561 Ruy writes Lopez his on book chess .
Introduces the word gambit.
Introduces word the gambit .
Introduces the gambit word .
(Alcala, 1561)
Alcala ( , 1561 )
( Alcala , ) 1561
1562 St Teresa, a Spanish reformer, includes chess in her writings.
St 1562 Teresa , a reformer Spanish , includes in chess writings her .
1562 St Teresa a , reformer Spanish includes , in chess her writings .
1570 Gianutto della Mantia, Horatio born in Italy.
Gianutto della 1570 Mantia , Horatio in born Italy .
Gianutto 1570 Mantia della , Horatio born Italy in .
Author of Italian chess book.
Author of Italian chess . book
Author of Italian book chess .
1572 Ruy Lopez defeats several eminent players in Rome.
Ruy Lopez 1572 defeats several players eminent in Rome .
1572 Ruy Lopez several defeats eminent players in Rome .
1574 Boi and Leonardo beat Lopez & Ceron in presence of Phillip II.
1574 Boi and beat Leonardo Lopez & presence Ceron in of Phillip . II
1574 Boi Leonardo and Lopez beat & Ceron presence of in Phillip II .
1575 Leonardo beats Ruy Lopez in Madrid.
Leonardo 1575 beats Ruy Lopez in . Madrid
Leonardo 1575 beats Ruy Lopez Madrid in .
1575 After the Plague of Cremona, all games except chess were banned.
1575 the After Plague of Cremona , all except games chess . were banned
1575 After Plague the Cremona of , games all chess except were banned .
1576 Boi taken prisoner, but wins his freedom playing chess.
Boi 1576 taken prisoner , wins but freedom his playing chess .
1576 Boi prisoner taken , but wins his freedom playing chess .
1580 Catherine de Medici of France is a keen chess player.
1580 Catherine de Medici of France is a keen chess . player
1580 de Catherine of Medici France is keen a chess player .
1580 Ruy lopez died.
Ruy 1580 lopez died .
Ruy 1580 lopez died .
1584 Ivan the Terrible dies while starting a game of chess.
1584 Ivan the Terrible dies a while starting game chess of .
Ivan 1584 the Terrible while dies starting a of game chess .
1584 Lopez's book translated into Italian by Tarsia and published in Venice.
1584 Lopez ' s book translated into Italian by Tarsia published in and Venice .
1584 Lopez s ' book into translated Italian Tarsia and by published in Venice .
----------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------
<<"I have told you, friend," said the curate, "that this is done to divert our idle thoughts; and as in well-ordered states games of CHESS, fives, and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care, or are not obliged, or are unable to work, so books of this kind are allowed to be printed, on the supposition that, what indeed is the truth, there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories;>>
< < " I have told you , friend , " the said curate , " that is this done to divert our idle thoughts ; and as in well - ordered states games of CHESS , fives , and billiards are allowed the for diversion of who those do not care , or are not , or obliged are unable to work , books of so this kind are allowed to be printed , on the supposition that , what indeed the is truth , there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of for them true stories ; > >
< < " I have told you , friend , said " the curate , " that this is done to divert our idle thoughts ; and as in well - games ordered states of CHESS , fives , and billiards allowed are for the of diversion those who do not care , or are not , obliged or are unable to work , books so of this kind are to allowed be printed , on the supposition that , what indeed is the truth , there can be nobody so as ignorant to take any of them for stories true ; > >
<<"Well then," said Don Quixote, "the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play emperors, others popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought into a play; but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal in the grave."
< < " Well then , " said Don Quixote , the " same thing happens in the comedy and life of world this , where some play emperors , others popes , and , in short , the all characters that can be brought into a play ; when but it is over , is that to say when life ends , death strips them all of the that garments distinguish one the from , other and all are equal in the grave . "
< < " Well then , " Don said , Quixote " thing the same happens in the comedy and life of this world , where some play emperors , others popes , and , in short , the all characters that can be brought into a play but ; when it is over , that is to say when ends life , death strips them of all the garments that distinguish one from other the , and all are in equal the grave . "
"A fine comparison!" said Sancho; "though not so new but that I have heard it many and many a time, as well as that other one of the game of CHESS; how, so long as the game lasts, each piece has its own particular office, and when the game is finished they are all mixed, jumbled up and shaken together, and stowed away in the bag, which is much like ending life in the grave."
" A fine comparison ! " said Sancho ; " though not so new but I that have heard many it and many a time , as well that as other one of the of game CHESS ; how , long so as the game lasts , each has piece its own particular office , and when the is game finished they all are mixed , jumbled up and shaken together , and stowed away in the bag , is which much like ending life in the . grave "
" A fine comparison ! " said Sancho ; " though not so new that but I have heard it many and many a time , as well as that other one of the game CHESS of ; how long , so as the game lasts , piece each has its own particular office , and when the game is finished they are all mixed , jumbled and up shaken together , and stowed away in the bag , is which much ending like life in the grave . "
"Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day, Sancho," said Don Quixote.
Thou " art growing less and doltish shrewd more every , day Sancho , " said Quixote Don .
" art growing Thou less doltish and more shrewd day every , , Sancho " said Quixote Don .
"Ay," said Sancho; "it must be that some of your worship's shrewdness sticks to me; land that, of itself, is barren and dry, will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it>>
Ay " , " said Sancho ; " it must that be some of your worship ' shrewdness s sticks to ; me land that of , , itself barren is and dry , will come to yield good fruit if you it dung and till it > >
" Ay , " said Sancho ; " it must be some that of your worship s ' shrewdness sticks to me ; that land , of itself , is barren dry and , come will yield to good if fruit you dung it and it till > >
---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions: American, French, Bolivar, etc. . . Garibaldi's is the most blatantly Masonic:
All of sponsered Freemason revolutions : , American , French , Bolivar etc . . . Garibaldi ' is s most the blatantly Masonic :
All of sponsered Freemason revolutions : American , Bolivar French , , etc . . Garibaldi . ' s is blatantly the most Masonic :
Nostromo A Tale of the Seaboard
Nostromo A of Tale the Seaboard
Nostromo A Tale of Seaboard the
<<After having written so far, Don Martin Decoud, the exotic dandy of the Parisian boulevard, got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the Albergo of United Italy, kept by Giorgio Viola, the old companion of Garibaldi.
< < having After so written far , Martin Don Decoud the , of exotic dandy the boulevard Parisian , got and up walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end the of Albergo of United Italy , kept by Giorgio Viola , the old of companion Garibaldi .
< < After having written so far , Don Martin Decoud , exotic the dandy of Parisian the boulevard , up got and across walked the sanded floor of the cafe at one of end the of Albergo Italy United , kept by Giorgio Viola , the old of companion Garibaldi .
The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed to look dimly, in the light of one candle, at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of his own sensations.
The highly coloured lithograph of Faithful the Hero seemed to dimly look , in the light of one candle , at man the faith with no in except anything the truth his of sensations own .
The highly coloured the lithograph of to Faithful Hero seemed look dimly , the in light of one candle , the at with man no faith in anything except truth the his of own sensations .
Looking out of the window, Decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town, nor yet the buildings near the harbour; and there was not a sound, as if the tremendous obscurity of the Placid Gulf, spreading from the waters over the land, had made it dumb as well as blind. . . .
Looking out of the , window Decoud was met a by darkness so impenetrable he that could see neither the nor mountains town the , nor yet the near buildings the ; harbour and there was not a sound , as if the tremendous of obscurity the Placid Gulf , spreading from waters the over the land , had made dumb it as well as blind . . . .
Out looking of the window , Decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor town the , nor yet the buildings near the ; harbour and there was a not sound , as the if tremendous of obscurity the Placid Gulf , spreading from the waters over the land had , it dumb made well as as blind . . . .
He turned away.
Turned he away .
He away turned .
He could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss.
Could he bear longer no that and expressionless motionless , stare which seemed to have sort a of impenetrable the emptiness like black depth an of abyss .
Could he bear no that longer and expressionless motionless stare , which have seemed to sort a of impenetrable emptiness like the depth of black an abyss .
. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression, was overtopped by the big face of Don Juste Lopez, soft and white, with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud.>>
. . . in and uneasy its corporate expression , was overtopped the by big face Don of Juste Lopez , soft and white with , prominent eyelids wreathed and in impenetrable as solemnity if in a cloud dense . > >
. . . and uneasy in its expression corporate , overtopped was by the big face of Don Juste Lopez , soft and white , with and prominent eyelids wreathed solemnity in impenetrable as if in dense cloud a . > >
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------
Wisteria Lodge
Lodge wisteria
Lodge wisteria
<<He could do little during the day, for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas, or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness.
< He could < do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution never and went out save with Lucas his satellite , Lopez or as he was known in the days of his greatness .
< He < could do during little the day , Murillo for took every and precaution never out went save with his Lucas satellite , or Lopez was as he known in the days of his greatness .
At night, however, he slept alone, and the avenger might find him.
Night at , however , he slept alone , and avenger the find him might .
At , night however , he alone slept , and the might avenger find . him
On a certain evening, which had been prearranged, I sent my friend final instructions, for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room.
On a certain evening , which prearranged had been , I friend sent my final instructions , for the man forever was alert on the continually and changed his . room
On a certain evening , been which had prearranged sent , my I friend final instructions , for the man was forever on the and alert continually changed room his .
I was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed.
I was to see that the doors open were the and of signal a green light or white in a window which the drive faced to was give notice if all was safe or if attempt the had better postponed be .
I was to see the that doors were and open the signal of a green white light or in window which a faced the was drive to notice give if all was or safe the if attempt had better be postponed .
"But everything went wrong with us.
" everything But wrong went with us .
" But everything wrong went with . us
In some way I had excited the suspicion of Lopez, the secretary.
In some way I excited had the suspicion Lopez of the , . secretary
Some in way I excited had the Lopez suspicion of , the secretary .
He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note.
He crept up behind me and sprang me upon just as finished I the had . note
He up crept behind me and sprang upon me just had I finished as the note .
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress.
He and his master dragged me my to room held and upon judgment a me as convicted traitress .
He and his master me dragged to and my room judgment held upon me as a convicted . traitress
Then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed.
Then there and they have would plunged their knives into they me could seen have how to the escape consequences of deed the .
Then and they have there would plunged their knives into could me have seen they how escape to the consequences of the deed .
Finally, after much debate, they concluded that my murder was too dangerous.
Finally after much , debate , they concluded that my murder was too dangerous .
Finally , after debate much , they concluded that my was murder too dangerous .
But they determined to get rid forever of Garcia.
But they determined get to rid forever of Garcia .
But they to determined get forever rid Garcia of .
They had gagged me, and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address.
Had they gagged me , and Murillo twisted arm round my until I gave him the address .
They had gagged me , and Murillo twisted arm my until round I gave him address the .
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia.
Swear I that he might have twisted it had off I understood what it mean to would . Garcia
Swear I that might he have twisted it had off I understood what would it to mean Garcia .
Lopez addressed the note which I had written, sealed it with his sleeve-link, and sent it by the hand of the servant, Jose.
The lopez addressed note I had which , written sealed it with his sleeve - , link and sent by the it hand of the servant , Jose .
Lopez the addressed which note had I written , it with sealed his sleeve - link , and sent it by the the hand of servant , Jose .
How they murdered him I do not know, save that it was Murillo's hand who struck him down, for Lopez had remained to guard me.
How they I murdered him do not know save , that ' it was Murillo s hand who struck him down , for Lopez remained had guard me to .
How they him murdered I do not know , save was it that Murillo ' s who struck hand him , down for Lopez had remained guard to . me
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed.
Believe I he must have among the waited bushes gorse which through the path winds and struck him down he as passed .
I believe he must waited have among the bushes gorse which through path the winds and struck him down he as . passed
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks.
At first they were of a to mind let enter him house the and kill to him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up an in inquiry their own identity would be at once publicly disclosed they and would be open further to . attacks
At first they were a of to mind let him enter the house to and him kill as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they mixed were in up inquiry their an own identity would at once be publicly and disclosed they would be open further to attacks .
With the death of Garcia, the pursuit might cease, since such a death might frighten others from the task.>>
The with death of , the Garcia might pursuit cease , since such death a might frighten others from the task . > >
With death the Garcia of , the pursuit might cease since , death such a frighten might others the from task . > >
------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------
Art Neuendorffer
Neuendorffer art
Neuendorffer art
The Rock revolution happened in the Sixties (6, number of the Beast).
Rock the revolution happened the in Sixties ( 6 , number of the Beast ) .
The Rock revolution happened in Sixties the 6 ( , of number the ) Beast .
It came from Liverpool, that was the port base to the Titanic, destroyed by God because of the arrogant insult of captain Smith (also from Liverpool): "Not even God can sink my ship" (not only the captain, but also the rest of the crew and even the orchestra playing at the Titanic were from Liverpool).
From came it , Liverpool was that the port base to Titanic the , destroyed by God because of the arrogant insult of captain Smith ( from also Liverpool ) : " Not even God can sink my ship " ( not only the captain , but the also rest of the crew and even the orchestra at playing Titanic the were from Liverpool ) .
It came from Liverpool , that was the port base the to Titanic , God destroyed by because of the arrogant of insult captain Smith ( also from Liverpool ) : " Not even God can sink my ship " ( not only the captain , but also the rest of the crew and the even playing orchestra at the Titanic were from Liverpool ) .
The Rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics (as that of George Martin, ally of the Beatles).
The Rock revolution came the nation from allows that a church changed to be a to or pub to dance a room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts , homosexuals lunatics and ( as that George of Martin , ally of the Beatles ) .
Rock revolution the came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to pub a or a dance to room or to recording a studio full of drug addicts , lunatics homosexuals and ( as that George of Martin , ally of Beatles the ) .
It came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)...once again 6, number of the Beast....
It came the from nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way able be to rein give loose to the many divorces from his and wives subsequent murdering of the same ones and whom to God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( Anne Boleyn ) . . . once again 6 , number of the Beast . . . .
It came from whose the nation king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible that so divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces his from wives and subsequent murdering of same the ones and to whom God a provided wife with six fingers as abomination ( Anne Boleyn ) . . . again once 6 , of number the Beast . . . .
It is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed "the Devil's Island".
Is it interesting to that observe this is nation nicknamed " Devil the ' Island s " .
Is interesting it to that this observe nation is " nicknamed the Devil ' s Island " .
As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation, the center of London, the so well-known Piccadilly Circus, takes it's name from an old brothel (the "Piccadilla House" which means "The House of Sin"), disappeared nowadays.
As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation the , center of London , the so - well known Piccadilly , Circus takes it ' name s from an brothel old ( the " Piccadilla " House which means " The House " of Sin ) , disappeared nowadays .
As the epithet the of government of Satan on that , nation center the London of , the so well - Piccadilly known Circus , it takes ' s from name old an brothel ( the " House Piccadilla " which means " The House Sin of " ) , disappeared nowadays .
The antichrist John Lennon, one of the Devil's main puppets to destroy family, social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind, did hit Stuart Sutcliffe (the first bass player of the Beatles) in the head with a club repeatedly in Hamburg.
The antichrist Lennon John , of one the Devil ' s main to destroy puppets family , social and moral and values begin to the disintegration of mankind , did hit Stuart Sutcliffe ( first the of bass player the Beatles ) in the head with a repeatedly club in Hamburg .
The antichrist John Lennon , one of the Devil ' main s puppets to destroy family , social and moral and values begin the to disintegration of , did mankind hit Stuart Sutcliffe ( the first bass player of the Beatles ) in the head with club in a repeatedly . Hamburg
Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of John Lennon's bruises.
Months some later died Sutcliffe from brain haemorrhage of John because Lennon ' s bruises .
Some months later Sutcliffe from died brain haemorrhage of because John Lennon ' s bruises .
John Lennon entered stardom being a murderer.
John entered stardom Lennon being a murderer .
John stardom Lennon entered being a murderer .
The same demons that made captain Smith say "Not even God can sink my ship" spoke from antichrist John Lennon (from Liverpool, base port to the Titanic) saying: "Christianity is on the go.
The same that demons captain made Smith say " Not even God can sink my ship " spoke from antichrist John ( Lennon from Liverpool , port base to the Titanic saying ) : " Christianity on is the go .
The same demons made that captain say Smith " Not God even can sink ship my " spoke antichrist from Lennon John ( from Liverpool , base port to the Titanic ) saying : " Christianity is go on the .
It will vanish and shrink.
It vanish will and shrink .
It will vanish shrink and .
We are more popular than Jesus and Pope"....
Are more we popular than Jesus and " Pope . . . .
Are we popular more than Jesus and " Pope . . . .
That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock.
That was day the GOD that S ' CURSE fell upon the world of . Rock
Was that the day GOD that ' S CURSE fell the world upon of Rock .
One week after that declaration, ONLY ONE WEEK LATER, Brian Epstein, forger of the Beatle farce, died from an overdose.
One after week that declaration ONLY , ONE WEEK LATER , Brian Epstein , of forger farce the Beatle , from died overdose an .
One that week after declaration , ONLY ONE LATER WEEK , Brian Epstein , of forger the farce Beatle died , an from overdose .
From then on, the Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world.
Then from on , Beatles the began to get involved false in religions and preach to to them the . world
From then on , to the Beatles began get in religions involved false and to preach them to the world .
John Lennon's divorce followed, as well as his entering the world of black magic, as deeply as to buy the apartment. where the "Rosemary's baby" had been filmed, previous property of Roman Polansky, and in that same apartment John Lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations.
John Lennon ' s divorce followed , well as his as entering the world of black magic , as deeply to as buy the apartment . where the " Rosemary ' s baby " had been filmed , previous of property Roman , Polansky and that in same apartment John Lennon had a upholstered room black with where silk he to used do his black magic operations .
John Lennon ' divorce s followed , as well as his entering the world of black magic , as deeply as to the buy apartment . the where " Rosemary ' baby s " had been filmed , previous property of Roman Polansky , and in that same apartment John Lennon had a room upholstered black with where silk he used to do black his operations magic .
Came the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "I am the Walrus" and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "Revolution number 9".
The disintegration came of the ' Beatles minds with which LSD caused has , others among , schizophrenic such lyrics as " I am the Walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions " like Revolution number 9 " .
The disintegration of came Beatles the ' minds with LSD which has caused , others among , lyrics schizophrenic such as " the I am Walrus " incoherent and schizophrenic musical like expositions " Revolution number 9 " .
At the same time, the devil acted through his other main puppets with "Sympathy for the devil" that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of the founder of the group, the guitarist Brian Jones (who refused to be a puppet of the devil), murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger, another assassin.
At the same time , the devil acted through other his main puppets with " Sympathy for the devil " that when was the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the of life the founder of the group , the guitarist Brian Jones refused ( who to a be of puppet devil the ) , murdered by sent people Mick by Jagger , another assassin .
At the time same the , devil acted through his other main puppets with " Sympathy for the devil " was that when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the of founder life the of group the , guitarist the Brian Jones ( who refused to a be puppet of the devil ) , murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger , another . assassin
Antichrist John Lennon followed the Devil's strategy writing lyrics such as "God is a concept by which we measure our pain...I don't believe in Jesus, etc., etc.," (God) and "and no religions too..." (Imagine).
Antichrist Lennon followed John Devil the ' s strategy writing such lyrics as " God is a by concept which measure we our pain . . . don I ' t believe in Jesus , etc . , etc . , " ( God ) and " and no too religions . . . " ( Imagine ) .
Antichrist John followed Lennon ' the Devil s strategy writing lyrics such " as God is a concept by we which measure pain our . . I . don ' t believe , in Jesus etc . , etc . , " ( God ) and " and no religions too . . . " Imagine ( ) .
Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming "whatever is up there" for it (referring to God).
Antichrist Lennon John to wanted compete with Jesus Christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus of Christ role together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming " Peace " , then being when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " The ballad of John and Yoko " : " the way things are going , they ' re going to crucify me . . . " , The CURSE OF upon GOD John Lennon carried with on all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the " Rolling Stone magazine " ( today condensed in the " Lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks how about bad thing going were for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to God ) .
Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete Jesus with Christ , and he so grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ with together Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming " Peace " , being then when he was visited by the journalist Canadian who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know what about Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " The ballad John of and Yoko " : " the way are things going , they ' re going to crucify me . . . " , The CURSE GOD OF upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which Lennon made give interview the to the " Rolling Stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " Lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to God ) .
The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead.
The OF CURSE GOD carried on until he shot dead was .
The CURSE GOD OF carried on until was shot he dead .
It is interesting to notice that he was shot seven times, being seven, as well as three, the holy numbers in Holy Cabalah tradition....
It interesting is to that notice was shot he seven times , seven being , as as well three , numbers the holy Holy in Cabalah tradition . . . .
Is it to interesting that notice he was seven times shot , being seven as well , as three , the holy numbers in Holy Cabalah tradition . . . .
After George Harrison, said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at Henley on Thames: "I want to talk about the divinity of man", he was given throat cancer by GOD because of those words, which made metastasis and carried on to final death..
After George Harrison , arrogantly said a in filmed video in his studio at on Thames Henley : I " to want talk about the divinity of man " , he was given throat cancer by because GOD of those words , which made metastasis carried and to on final death . .
After George , Harrison said arrogantly video in a in filmed his studio at Henley on Thames : " I want to talk about the divinity of " man , he was throat given by cancer because GOD of those words , which made metastasis and carried on to final death . .
To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), GOD provided cancer to the wife.
To Paul McCartney whose company ' s was logo a person toying with the planets as if he was god a , and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made " Sir " ( when in England the even road is sweeper made , Sir as long as he produces money the for nation ) , provided GOD cancer to wife the .
To Paul McCartney whose company ' logo s was person a with toying the planets as if he was god a , and who was being very much deluded in his ego by trip the that fact he was made " Sir " ( in when England even road the sweeper is made Sir , as long as he produces money for the nation ) GOD provided , cancer to the wife .
The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda (woman whose quality he did not deserve), was exposed when it was known that Paul had an affair with Heather Mills, Linda's intimate friend, with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents, while he was still mourning for his "dear Linda".
The advertising of farce how he much loved Linda ( woman quality whose he did not deserve ) , was exposed when was it known that Paul had affair an with Heather Mills , Linda ' s intimate friend , with McCartney whom on went a to trip New York and to whom he bought things presents and , while he still was mourning for his " dear Linda " .
The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda ( woman whose quality did he not deserve ) , was exposed when it was that known Paul had an affair Mills with Heather , Linda ' s intimate friend , with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom bought he things and presents , while was he still for mourning his " Linda dear " .
At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity.
The at same McCartney time was going Heather out with , he Mills Linda used ' s death for promotional ends , due to his waning . popularity
Same at the McCartney going time was with out Heather Mills , he Linda ' used s death for promotional ends , due to his waning popularity .
Paul was going out with Heather, but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda, for the afore mentioned promotional ends.
Paul going out was Heather with , in but front of the he audience played faithful ' the husband masquerade s pretending to suffer for Linda , for the mentioned afore promotional ends .
Paul was going with out Heather , but in the front of audience he the played husband faithful ' masquerade s pretending to suffer for Linda for , the ends afore mentioned promotional .
Paul admitted that he made Linda suffer a lot, but he didn't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same, even though it has never been much.
Paul admitted that he made Linda suffer a lot , but he ' didn t say that it was because felt he insecure as a man due to his womanish and effeminate face manners and also with because his age his power sexual was not same the , even though it has never been . much
Paul admitted that made he Linda suffer lot a , he but ' didn say t that it was because he felt insecure as man a to due his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his his age sexual power was not the same even , though it has never much been .
The early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man....
The early days were the of competition days between Paul and his wife and John and and his wife he knew he had to compete with John ugly for the leadership of the band in of front their wives and having Yoko Ono made aware him of his lack of virility and repressed , homosexuality he grew the beard that we see in the " Let it " Be film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film , doing every effort he could to be as seen a man . . . .
The early were days the of days competition between Paul and his and and wife John wife his and he knew he had to with compete ugly John for the leadership of the band in front their of wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of virility repressed and homosexuality , he grew the beard that we see in the " Let Be it " film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film , doing every effort he could to be seen as a man . . . .
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in front of Yoko in the film.
Is it easy to note uneasiness of the McCartney when sings he : " I ' ve a got feeling , feeling a I can ' t . hide . . front " in of Yoko in film the .
It is easy to note the McCartney uneasiness of he when sings : " I ve ' got a feeling , a I feeling can ' t . hide . . " in front Yoko of the in film .
(He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners).
( He already had traumas the his that previous girlfriend Jane had caused Asher him when she made him aware his of manliness little and effeminate manners ) .
( He already the traumas had that his previous Asher girlfriend Jane had caused him she when made aware him of little his manliness and effeminate ) manners .
Paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again, as Jane and Linda did.
Paul has a such big inferiority as complex man a , due to his effeminate face , body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality , that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg , so that he stand could out , being very conscious that full a woman would make him feel the superiority of again virile men as , Jane and Linda did .
Paul has such a inferiority big complex as a man , due to his face effeminate body , and personality and due to repressed his homosexuality , that found he himself handicapped woman a only with one leg , so that he stand could out , being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of men virile again , as Jane and Linda did .
This is something that his ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore....
Is something this that his ego trip lucky of bad musician could not face anymore . . . .
This something is that ego his trip lucky of bad musician could not face anymore . . . .
He is very conscious that money and fame cannot buy virility and manliness.
Is very he conscious money that and fame cannot buy virility manliness and .
He is very that money conscious fame cannot and buy virility and manliness .
Besides being a murderer, John Lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian Epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the Cavern, trauma from which he never recovered.
Besides being a murderer , Lennon John had intercourse sexual with homosexual Brian Epstein him to get in interested going see to the band at Cavern the , from trauma he which recovered never .
Besides being murderer a , John Lennon sexual intercourse had with homosexual Brian to Epstein get interested him going in to the see at band Cavern the , trauma which from he never recovered .
Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left him, he made lyrics such as: "You can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" and gave declarations to the "Rolling Stone" magazine saying that "sometimes he wore Texan boots to feel more secure as a man".
Because of the trauma that his homosexual with relation Brian Epstein had left him , he made such as lyrics : " You can wear collar a and tie a , one thing you can ' hide t is when you ' re crippled inside " and declarations gave to the " Rolling " Stone magazine saying that " sometimes he Texan wore boots to feel more secure a as man " .
Of because the trauma that homosexual his relation with Brian had Epstein left him , he made lyrics such as : " You wear can a collar and a tie , thing one you can t ' is hide when you ' re crippled inside " and gave to declarations the " Rolling Stone " magazine saying " that sometimes he wore Texan boots feel to more secure as a man " .
The Beatles are very well known by people close to them for their arrogance and racism.
Beatles the are well very known by people close to for arrogance them their and racism .
The Beatles are well very by known people close to them for their arrogance and . racism
One of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono.
Of one the of manifestations racism their is the rejection Japanese towards Yoko Ono .
One of the manifestations of their is racism the rejection towards Japanese Ono Yoko .
That rejection got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it Be.
Rejection that got to point that the George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple the studios during filming it of Let Be .
That got to the rejection point Harrison that George kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple during studios the filming of Let it . Be
When John asked George while they were having lunch about how things were going for Paul after his separation from the Beatles and George replied that he was number one in the Swedish hit parade, John said in a despective manner: "ah!!.. in Sweden..", as if Sweden was an inferior place or something alike.
When John asked George while they were lunch having about how things were going for after Paul his separation from the George Beatles and that replied he was number one in the hit Swedish parade , John said in a despective manner : " ah ! ! . in . Sweden . . " , as if Sweden was inferior an place or something alike .
When John George asked while were having they lunch about how were things going for Paul after his separation from the Beatles and George replied that he was number in one Swedish the hit parade , John in said despective a : manner " ! ah ! . . in Sweden . . " , as if Sweden was an inferior place or something alike .
In the Beatles' song "Get Back" they advise black Joe to "get back to where you once belonged", as if England was not a place for black people.
In Beatles the ' " Get song Back " they advise black Joe to " get to back where you once belonged " as , if England was a not for place people black .
The Beatles in ' song " Back Get " they advise Joe to " black get to back where once belonged you " , as England if was not a place for black people .
Sometimes back, Paul told George in the Apple offices that the new generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people, but in any way they would have also been slaves of the Beatles.
Sometimes back , Paul George told in Apple the offices the that generations new are a bundle of idiots and useless people , but any way in they have would also slaves been the Beatles of .
Back sometimes , told Paul George in the Apple that offices new the generations are a bundle idiots of and useless , people in but any way they have would also been slaves of Beatles . the
The Jewish marriage living to the right of George's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting.
Marriage the Jewish living to the right of George ' s house said he that an is arrogant who person does return never greeting a .
Marriage the Jewish living to the of George right ' s house that he said is an arrogant person who never does return a greeting .
The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George's house (Friar Park) refers to him as an overbearing person to stay away from.
The newly married couple living the corner on front of in the entrance of George ' s ( house Park Friar ) refers to him an as overbearing to person stay . away from
Newly the married living couple the on corner in front of the entrance of George s ' house ( Friar ) Park refers to him an as overbearing person to stay from . away
The receptionist of "Hand made", the former film making company of George Harrison said: "we don't have any relation with that man anymore and we don't want to know anything about him".
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former company film making of George said Harrison : " don we ' t relation have any that with man anymore and we ' don t want to anything about know him " .
The receptionist of " made Hand " the , film former of making company George Harrison said : " we ' don t have any with relation that man anymore and we don ' t want to know anything him about " .
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison, who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him.
It is to interesting note that this company made was by bankrupt British the cinema industry due the to despotism pedantry and George Harrison of , who believed that cinema the industry have would worshiped him .
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt the by British cinema industry to due despotism the and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed the that industry cinema would worshiped have him .
Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other.
Chauvinisms their got to the even point they that themselves hated each other .
Their chauvinisms got point to the that they even themselves each hated other .
Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing.
Paul McCartney that George said Harrison is a . nothing
Paul McCartney that George said Harrison is nothing a .
George Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon....
George Harrison that said he is tired of listening talk to about people John . Lennon . . .
George Harrison that said he tired is of people listening to about talk John Lennon . . . .
George Harrison said in a video that "Oasis is a very untalented band and they shouldn't be playing at all", all of it being the truth, but the Beatles is also a band of very poor musicians, if musicians at all, who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as Oasis.
George Harrison said in a video that " Oasis is very a untalented band and they ' shouldn t be playing all at " , all of it being truth the , but the Beatles also is a band of very poor musicians , if musicians at all , could who play only a of couple elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as Oasis .
Harrison george said in a video that " Oasis is a untalented very band and shouldn they ' t be playing at all " , all of being it the truth , but the Beatles is also a band of poor very musicians , if musicians at all , who could only play a couple elementary of guitar chords and are who as as untalented . Oasis
The Beatles of the times of the "Cavern" sounded exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the Beatles is due to George Martin.
The Beatles of the the times of Cavern " sounded " exactly poorly as as Oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the Beatles to is due George Martin .
Beatles the of the times of " the Cavern " sounded exactly as poorly as and little Oasis the quality musical in songs the the of is Beatles due to George Martin .
Without George Martin the Beatles would have been just another untalented band as Oasis....
Without George Martin the would Beatles have another been just untalented band as Oasis . . . .
Without Martin George Beatles the have would been just another untalented band as Oasis . . . .
Paul McCartney said recently that he believes in using magic, and he does lots of charity, thinking that in this way he will compensate for the CURSE OF GOD that is upon him and that took his wife's life because of his Satanism and involvement in black magic.
Paul McCartney recently said that he believes in using magic and , does he lots of charity , thinking that in this way he compensate will for CURSE the OF that GOD is upon him that and took wife his ' s life because his of Satanism and involvement in magic black .
Paul said McCartney recently that he believes in using magic , and he does lots of charity , thinking that this in way will he compensate for the CURSE OF GOD that is upon him and that took his wife s ' life of because Satanism his and involvement magic in black .
He thinks he will deceive people in this way, so that the real McCartney will not be perceived.
He thinks deceive he will people in this way , so that the real McCartney not will perceived be .
Thinks he he will deceive people in , this way so that the real McCartney perceived will not be .
Is the old Devil attempting to disguise as good in front of people.
Is the Devil old attempting to disguise good as in front of people .
The is Devil old attempting disguise to as good in front of . people
Satan deceiving mankind once again, as so many other thousands of times through the centuries....
Satan mankind deceiving once , again as so many other thousands of times the through . centuries . . .
Satan deceiving once mankind again as , so many other thousands through of times the centuries . . . .
After the Devil began his devastating job from the ghostly "Devil's Island" through his nine main puppets (Beatles-Rolling Stones), he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned Island and weakening their conscience with drugs, he made them proclaimers of homosexuality, aversion to religion, destruction of family values, dissipation, mental illness, antisocialism, etc., etc.,
After the began his Devil devastating job from the ghostly " Devil ' s Island " through his nine main puppets ( - Beatles Rolling Stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of schizophrenic other bad musician in the afore mentioned and Island weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion religion to , of destruction family values , dissipation , mental illness antisocialism , , etc . , etc . ,
After the Devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " Devil ' s Island " his through nine main puppets ( Beatles - Rolling Stones ) , he possessed amount an endless of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned and Island weakening their conscience with drugs , them he made proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family , values dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism etc , . , etc . ,
The fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the Beatles and the Rolling Stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real quality musicians could achieve, was because the forces of Satan were behind everything, supporting the process.
The fact that apprentice bad such musicians as Beatles the and the Rolling Stones achieved a such giant fame that even the not real quality musicians achieve could , because was the forces of Satan were behind everything , supporting the process .
Fact the that bad apprentice such musicians as the Beatles and the Rolling Stones achieved such giant a that fame not even the real quality musicians could achieve , was the because of forces Satan were everything , behind supporting the process .
This mentally ill humanity, destroyed families, twisted moral values, manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings, anti natural feminism rebellion, drug addiction, corrupt social outlines, mad youths without direction, non respect to hierarchies, convulsed nations, misanthropy, misogyny, paedophilia, irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations, are due to the vast manoeuvre that Satan executed through his main marionettes the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, from the Devil's Island.
This mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , or manifest repressed homosexuality in beings human , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , youths mad direction without , non respect to hierarchies convulsed , nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational feeble and lasciviousness and all other of type existent aberrations , are due the to vast manoeuvre that Satan executed through his main the marionettes Beatles and the Rolling Stones , the from Devil ' s Island .
This mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral , values or manifest repressed homosexuality human in beings , anti natural rebellion feminism , drug addiction corrupt , outlines social , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all type other of existent aberrations , are due to the vast that manoeuvre Satan executed through his main marionettes the Beatles and Rolling the Stones , from Devil the ' s Island .
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house, it is because you own some L.P, CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones.
You if why wonder there is and misery curse in your house , is it some because you own L . P , CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling . Stones
You if why wonder there is misery and in curse your house it , because is you own some L . , P CD or another article to related BY the CURSED GOD Beatles and Stones Rolling .
We recommend you to take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the Devil's main nine puppets....
We recommend to you take curse that your out house of throwing away everything related to the Devil ' main s nine puppets . . . .
Recommend we to you take that curse your out house of throwing away related everything the to Devil ' main s nine puppets . . . .
You have been warned...
Have you warned been . . .
You have been warned . . .
THE HIGH COURT.
THE HIGH . COURT
THE COURT HIGH .
(The Five Judges)
The ( Five Judges )
The ( Five Judges )
For the sake of mankind, you should email our verdict to your friends.
For the of sake mankind , should you email verdict our to friends your .
For the sake mankind of , you our should verdict email to your friends .
Email: yamwhatiyam <pop...@spinach.eat>
Yamwhatiyam email : < pop . . . spinach @ . eat >
Email yamwhatiyam : < pop . . . spinach @ . > eat
Groups: alt.consumers, ba.consumers, misc.consumers, misc.consumers.frugal-living
Alt groups : . consumers , . ba , consumers misc . consumers , misc . . consumers frugal living -
Groups : . alt consumers , . ba consumers misc , . consumers , . consumers misc frugal . - living
Attack on Iran: A Looming Folly
Attack Iran on A : Looming Folly
Attack on Iran : A Looming Folly
By William Rivers Pitt
By Rivers William Pitt
By Rivers William Pitt
t r u t h o u t | Perspective
t r t h u o u | t Perspective
R t u h t u o t | Perspective
Monday 09 January 2006
Monday 09 2006 January
Monday January 09 2006
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran.
The wires have been humming the since before Year New reports with that Bush the administration is planning an on attack Iran .
The wires been have humming since before the Year New reports with the Bush that administration planning is an attack on Iran .
"The Bush administration is preparing its NATO allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in Iran in the New Year, according to German media reports, reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the Turkish media," reported UPI on December 30th.
" The Bush administration preparing is its NATO allies for possible a military strike against suspected nuclear in sites in Iran New the Year , according German to reports , media reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the Turkish media , " reported on UPI December . 30th
" Bush The administration is preparing allies its for NATO a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites Iran in in the New Year , to according media reports German , reinforcing similar earlier in suggestions the Turkish media , " reported UPI on 30th December .
"The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week," continued UPI, "quoted 'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah-led regime into line, including military options.
" The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this , week " continued UPI , " NATO quoted ' intelligence sources ' who claimed the that NATO allies had informed been that the United is States currently investigating all possibilities bringing of the mullah - led regime into , line including military options .
" Berlin daily The Der Tagesspiegel this week , " UPI continued , " quoted ' intelligence NATO sources ' who that claimed NATO allies the had been informed that United the is States currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah - led regime into line , military including options .
This 'all options are open' line has been President George W Bush's publicly stated policy throughout the past 18 months."
This ' options all are open ' been line has President George Bush W ' publicly s stated policy the throughout past months 18 . "
' this options all open are ' line has been President W George ' Bush s publicly stated policy throughout past the months 18 . "
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order.
An of examination ramifications of such the an attack is desperately in order .
Examination an the of of ramifications such an attack desperately is in order .
1. Blowback in Iraq
. 1 Blowback in Iraq
1 . Blowback Iraq in
The recent elections in Iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations, principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI).
The recent in elections Iraq were by dominated amalgam an of religiously fundamentalist Shi ' ite organizations , principally the and Dawa Party the Supreme for Council Revolution Islamic in Iraq SCIRI ( ) .
Recent the elections in Iraq were dominated by of an amalgam religiously fundamentalist Shi ' ite organizations , principally the Dawa and the Party Supreme Council Islamic for in Revolution Iraq SCIRI ( ) .
Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decades.
Both dawa and SCIRI umbilical have connections to the fundamentalist Shi ' ite in leadership that Iran back go decades .
Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical to connections the fundamentalist ' ite Shi leadership Iran in that decades go back .
In essence, Iran now owns a significant portion of the Iraqi government.
In , essence Iran now owns a portion of the significant Iraqi government .
Essence in , Iran owns now significant a portion of the government Iraqi .
Should the United States undertake military action against Iran, the ramifications in Iraq would be immediate and extreme.
Should the United States undertake military action Iran against , ramifications the Iraq in would immediate be and extreme .
Should States the United undertake military against action , Iran the ramifications in Iraq would be extreme immediate and .
In the first eight days of January, eighteen US troops have been killed in Iraq, compounded by another twelve deaths from a Black Hawk helicopter crash on Saturday.
In the first days eight of , January eighteen US troops been have killed Iraq in , by another compounded twelve deaths from a Black helicopter Hawk crash on Saturday .
In the days first eight of , January eighteen US troops been have in killed Iraq , by compounded another deaths twelve from a Hawk Black helicopter crash on . Saturday
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias, believe the last elections were a sham, and hold little political power in the government.
Much of violence the at aimed forces American is coming Sunni from disgruntled factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections sham were a , and little hold political in the power government .
Much violence of the aimed at forces American is from coming disgruntled factions Sunni that have their militias own , believe the last elections were a sham , and little hold political power in the . government
If the US attacks Iran, it is probable that American forces - already taxed by attacks from Sunni factions - will also face reprisal attacks in Iraq from Shi'ite factions loyal to Iran.
If the US attacks , Iran it is probable American that forces - already by taxed attacks from Sunni will factions - face also reprisal attacks Iraq in from Shi ' ite factions to loyal Iran .
If the attacks US Iran , probable it is that forces American - taxed already by from attacks factions Sunni - also will face reprisal attacks in Shi Iraq from ' ite factions loyal to Iran .
The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties, US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power.
The will result be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian , casualties US will forces be required bunker to themselves further into bases their , and US forces will find required themselves to the fight very just government they helping finished into power .
The result will be a dramatic escalation in and US civilian casualties , US will forces required be to bunker further themselves their into bases , US and forces will find themselves required to fight the very government finished just they helping into . power
Iraq, already a seething cauldron, will sink further into chaos.
Iraq , already a seething , will cauldron sink into further chaos .
, iraq a already seething cauldron will , sink further into chaos .
2. Iran's Armaments
2 . Iran ' Armaments s
2 . Iran ' Armaments s
Unlike Iraq, Iran has not spent the last fifteen years having its conventional forces worn down by grueling sanctions, repeated attacks, and two American-led wars.
Iraq unlike , Iran not has the last spent fifteen having years its forces conventional worn down by sanctions grueling , repeated attacks , and two American - led wars .
Unlike Iraq , not Iran has spent last the years fifteen having its forces conventional worn down by sanctions grueling , repeated attacks , and two American led - wars .
While Iran's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the Iran-Iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless.
While ' Iran s army conventional is not what it was during the heyday of the - Iran Iraq war - their armaments have and veterans deteriorated the that of last war retired have - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless .
Iran while s ' conventional army is what not it during was heyday the the of Iran - Iraq war - their armaments have and deteriorated the veterans of that last have war retired - the nation enjoys military substantial nonetheless strength .
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004, Iran "has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves.
A according to issued report the by for Center and International Strategic Studies in December of 2004 , Iran " has 540 some , 000 men under arms and over 350 000 reserves , .
According a report to by issued the Center for Strategic and International in Studies December of 2004 , Iran " has some 540 000 under , men over arms and 350 000 , reserves .
They include 120,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare.
They include 120 , Revolutionary 000 Iranian Guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare .
Include they 120 , 000 Revolutionary Iranian Guards trained land for naval and asymmetrical warfare .
Iran's military also includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks, 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles, 3,200 artillery weapons, 306 combat aircraft, 60 attack helicopters, 3 submarines, 59 surface combatants, and 10 amphibious ships."
Iran ' s also military includes of holdings 1 , 613 main battle , tanks , 21 other 600 fighting armored vehicles , 3 , 200 artillery weapons 306 , aircraft combat , 60 attack helicopters , 3 submarines , surface 59 combatants , and 10 ships amphibious . "
Iran ' s military also holdings includes of 1 , 613 main tanks battle , , 21 600 armored other fighting vehicles , 3 , 200 artillery , weapons 306 combat , aircraft 60 attack helicopters , 3 submarines , 59 combatants surface , 10 and amphibious ships . "
"Iran is now the only regional military power that poses a significant conventional military threat to Gulf stability," continued the CSIS report.
" Iran is the now only regional military power that a poses significant conventional threat to military stability Gulf , " the continued report CSIS .
" Iran is now the only regional military power that a poses significant military conventional threat to stability Gulf , " the continued report CSIS .
"Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare, and poses the additional threat of proliferation.
Iran " has significant capabilities for asymmetric , warfare and poses the additional threat of . proliferation
" Iran significant has for capabilities warfare asymmetric , and the poses additional of threat proliferation .
There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long-range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction.
There considerable is evidence that is it both developing a long - range missile and force a range of weapons of destruction mass .
There evidence is considerable that is it both developing a long - range missile and force range a weapons of of mass destruction .
It has never properly declared its holdings of chemical weapons, and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown."
It never has properly declared of its holdings chemical weapons and , the its status of biological weapons programs is unknown . "
Has it never properly its declared of holdings chemical , weapons and the status of its biological programs weapons unknown is . "
A MILNET brief issued in February 2005 reports, "Due to its position astride the Persian Gulf, Iran has constantly been a threat to the Gulf.
MILNET issued a brief in February reports 2005 , " to Due its position astride Persian the Gulf , has Iran constantly been a to threat the Gulf .
MILNET brief a issued in 2005 February reports , Due " its to astride position the Persian Gulf , has Iran been constantly a threat to the Gulf .
The so called 'Tanker' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region.
So the ' called Tanker ' wars in late the 1980s squarely put Iran the in bullseye of nations all seeking to transport oil out of region the .
The so called ' Tanker ' wars the in late 1980s put Iran squarely the bullseye in of all seeking nations transport to oil out of region the .
Even the small navy that Iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping, and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the Gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the Iranian Navy could be quite effective."
Even the navy small that Iran puts to is sea capable enough to harass shipping , and several cases of small boat operations against oil well in heads the Gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics the of Iranian Navy could be quite effective . "
Even the navy Iran small that puts sea to is capable enough to harass shipping , and several cases of small operations boat oil against well heads in the during Gulf that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics the of Iranian Navy could be quite effective . "
"More concerning," continued the MILNET brief, "is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy.
More " concerning , continued the " MILNET brief , " the is priority placed on expanding and modernizing Navy . its
More " , concerning " continued MILNET the brief , is " the priority on placed expanding and modernizing Navy its .
The CSIS report cites numerous areas where Iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, anti-shipping cruise missiles: 'Iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from China, midget submarines from North Korea, submarines from Russia, and modern mines.'"
The CSIS report cites numerous areas Iran where has funded including modernization the most troublesome aspect , anti - missiles shipping cruise : ' Iran has obtained new anti - missiles ship and missile patrol from craft , China midget submarines from , North Korea from submarines Russia , and modern mines . ' "
CSIS the cites report numerous where areas Iran has funded the including modernization most troublesome aspect , anti - shipping cruise missiles : ' Iran has obtained new anti - ship missiles and missile patrol from craft China , midget submarines North from Korea , submarines Russia from and , modern mines . ' "
It is Iran's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf, especially for the US Navy.
It is Iran ' missile s armaments pose that the concern greatest forces for American in the Gulf , for especially US the Navy .
It is Iran ' s missile armaments that greatest pose the concern American for forces in the Gulf , for especially the Navy US .
Iran's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters.
' iran s coast the facing Persian is Gulf looming a wall mountains of that look down upon any naval forces arrayed those in . waters
Iran ' coast s facing Persian the Gulf is a of wall looming mountains look that down upon any naval arrayed forces in those waters .
The Gulf itself only has one exit, the Strait of Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline.
The Gulf only itself has exit , one Strait the of Hormuz , is which also dominated by the Iranian mountainous coastline .
Itself the Gulf only has exit one , the Strait of , Hormuz which also is dominated by the mountainous coastline Iranian .
In essence, Iran holds the high ground in the Gulf.
In essence , holds Iran the high in ground Gulf the .
Essence in , Iran holds the ground high the in Gulf .
Missile batteries arrayed in those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below.
Missile arrayed batteries in those mountains could raise bloody with havoc any below fleet deployed .
Missile batteries arrayed in those mountains could raise havoc bloody any with fleet deployed below .
Of all the missiles in Iran's armament, the most dangerous is the Russian-made SS-N-22 Sunburn.
Of all missiles the in ' Iran s armament , dangerous the most the is Russian - made - SS N - Sunburn 22 .
Of all the missiles in Iran s ' armament , most dangerous the is Russian the made - SS - N - 22 Sunburn .
These missiles are, simply, the fastest anti-ship weapons on the planet.
Missiles these are , simply , the fastest anti - ship weapons planet the on .
These missiles simply are , , fastest the anti - ship weapons on planet the .
The Sunburn can reach Mach 3 at high altitude.
The can Sunburn reach Mach 3 high at . altitude
Sunburn the can Mach reach at 3 high altitude .
Its maximum low-altitude speed is Mach 2.2, some three times faster than the American-made Harpoon.
Its maximum - low altitude is speed Mach . 2 2 , some three times than faster American the - Harpoon made .
Its low maximum - altitude speed is 2 Mach . 2 , some times three faster than American the - . made Harpoon
The Sunburn takes two short minutes to cover its full range.
Sunburn the takes short two minutes to cover full its range .
The Sunburn takes two minutes short cover to its range full .
The missile's manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer, and five missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship.
The missile ' s manufacturers that state one or missiles could two cripple destroyer a , five and missiles sink could a 20 , 000 ton ship .
The missile ' manufacturers s state that one two or could missiles a cripple destroyer , and five could missiles sink a 20 , 000 ship ton .
The Sunburn is also superior to the Exocet missile.
The Sunburn is superior also to the Exocet missile .
Is the Sunburn also superior to the Exocet . missile
Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to shreds in 1987, killing 37 sailors.
Recall that it was two that Exocets ripped the USS Stark to shreds 1987 in , 37 killing . sailors
Recall that two it was Exocets that ripped USS the Stark to shreds in 1987 , killing 37 . sailors
The Stark could not see them to stop them.
Stark the could not them see stop to them .
The Stark could not them see to stop them .
The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt is currently deployed in the Persian Gulf, with some 7,000 souls aboard.
The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt currently is the deployed in Persian Gulf , 7 with some , 000 aboard souls .
US the carrier Theodore aircraft Roosevelt is currently deployed in the Persian Gulf , some 7 with , 000 souls . aboard
Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force, which includes the USS Tarawa, the USS Austin, and the USS Pearl Harbor.
With sailing the Roosevelt is the Tarawa Strike Expeditionary Force which , the includes USS , Tarawa USS the Austin , and the USS Pearl Harbor .
Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Expeditionary Tarawa Force Strike , includes which the USS Tarawa , Austin the and USS , the USS Harbor Pearl .
The USS Austin is likewise deployed in the Gulf.
The USS is Austin deployed in likewise the Gulf .
The USS Austin likewise deployed is the in Gulf .
The Sunburn missile, with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection, would do terrible damage these ships if Iran chooses to retaliate in the Gulf after an American attack within its borders.
Sunburn the missile , with its incredible speed ability and to avoid detection radar , would terrible do damage these ships if Iran retaliate chooses in to the after Gulf an attack within American its borders .
The Sunburn missile , with its speed incredible ability and to avoid detection radar , would terrible do damage these if ships Iran chooses retaliate to in the Gulf an after American attack its within borders .
Beyond the naval threat is the possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraq.
Beyond naval the the threat possibility is of Iran its throwing military muscle into ongoing the struggle in Iraq .
Beyond the threat is naval the possibility Iran of throwing its muscle military into ongoing the struggle in . Iraq
Currently, the US is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms, shoulder-fired grenades and roadside bombs.
Currently the US , is facing asymmetrical an attack from groups wielding small arms , shoulder - and fired grenades bombs roadside .
Currently , US the facing is asymmetrical an attack from groups wielding small arms , - shoulder grenades fired and bombs roadside .
The vaunted American military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare.
Vaunted the American military has 2 suffered , deaths 210 and tens thousands of of from wounded this of form warfare .
The vaunted American military has 2 suffered , deaths 210 and of tens thousands of wounded form from this warfare of .
The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war, a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days.
The of occupation has Iraq a become guerrilla , war a that siege has lasted more than thousand a days .
The of occupation has Iraq become a war guerrilla a , that siege has lasted more than thousand a days .
If Iran decides to throw any or all of its 23,000 armored fighting vehicles, along with any or all of its nearly million-strong army, into the Iraq fray, the situation in the Middle East could become unspeakably dire.
Iran if decides to any throw all or of 23 its , 000 armored fighting vehicles , along with or any all of its nearly million - army strong , into the Iraq fray the , situation in the Middle become East could unspeakably . dire
If Iran decides to throw or any all its 23 of , armored 000 vehicles fighting , along with any or its all of nearly million - strong army , into Iraq the , fray the situation in the East Middle could become unspeakably dire .
3. The Syrian Connection
3 . The Connection Syrian
3 The . Syrian Connection
In February of 2005, Iran and Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat "challenges and threats" in the region.
Of in 2005 February Iran , Syria and agreed upon a mutual protection to pact combat " challenges threats and " in the region .
February in 2005 of Iran , and Syria agreed a upon mutual protection pact to combat challenges " threats and " the in region .
This was a specific reaction to the American invasion of Iraq, and a reaction to America's condemnation of Syria after the death of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from Damascus.
Was this a specific reaction to the invasion American of Iraq , and a reaction to America s ' condemnation of after Syria the death Lebanese of Prime Minister Hariri Rafik , was which widely seen as an ordered assassination from Damascus .
This was specific reaction a to American the invasion of , Iraq and a reaction to America ' condemnation s of after Syria the of death Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , which was widely seen an as assassination ordered from Damascus .
An attack on Iran would trigger this mutual defense pact, and could conceivably bring Syria into direct conflict with American forces.
An attack on Iran would trigger mutual this pact defense , and could conceivably bring Syria direct into conflict American with forces .
An Iran attack on would this trigger defense mutual pact , and could conceivably bring into Syria direct conflict with forces American .
Like Iran, Syria's military is nothing to scoff at.
Like Iran , ' Syria military s is to nothing scoff at .
Iran like , Syria ' s military nothing is to at scoff .
Virtually every credible analysis has Syria standing as the strongest military force in the Middle East after Israel.
Every virtually credible has Syria analysis standing as the strongest military force in Middle the after East Israel .
Every virtually credible analysis has standing Syria as strongest the military in force the Middle after East Israel .
Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel's overwhelming capabilities.
Damascus has been intent years for upon establishing military significant strength to serve a as to counterweight ' Israel overwhelming s capabilities .
Damascus has intent been for upon years significant establishing military strength as to serve counterweight a to Israel ' s overwhelming capabilities .
As of 2002, Syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive artillery capability.
Of as 2002 Syria , some 215 had , 000 soldiers under arms , 4 , tanks 700 and , a artillery massive capability .
2002 as of Syria , some had 215 , soldiers 000 under arms , 4 , tanks 700 , and massive a artillery capability .
The Syrian Air Force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter/attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons, totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft.
Syrian the Air Force is comprised of ten to fighter eleven / attack squadrons and sixteen fighter , squadrons totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft .
The Syrian Air Force is comprised to of ten fighter eleven attack squadrons / and sixteen squadrons fighter , totaling somewhere near aircraft 650 .
Syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region, comprised primarily of SCUD-derived systems.
Syria possesses also one of the arsenals of largest missiles ballistic in the region , primarily comprised of SCUD - systems derived .
Syria also possesses one the of arsenals largest of ballistic in the missiles region , primarily comprised SCUD of - derived systems .
Iran, North Korea and China have been willing providers of state-of-the-art technologies.
Iran North , Korea and China have willing been providers state of - of - the - art . technologies
, iran Korea North and China been have willing providers of state - of - the - technologies art .
Compounding this is the well-based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf.
Compounding this is the well based - suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons in capability the . Persian Gulf
Compounding this is the - suspicion well based that Syria has perhaps the advanced most chemical capability weapons in the Persian . Gulf
4. China and the US Economy
4 . China and the US Economy
4 China . the and US Economy
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos, missiles in the Gulf, and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran, all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US/Iran engagement.
The while possibilities ominous of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles Gulf in , the Syrian and loom involvement large if the attacks Iran US , all pale comparison in to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .
While ominous the possibilities of heightened Iraqi , chaos missiles in the , Gulf and Syrian loom involvement if the large US attacks Iran , all pale in to comparison the involvement China of in any US / Iran engagement .
China's economy is exploding, hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry.
China ' s economy is exploding , hampered by only their thirst great for and natural petroleum gas to fuel their industry .
China s ' economy is exploding , hampered only their by thirst great for petroleum and gas natural to their fuel . industry
In the last several months, China has inked deals with Iran for $70 billion dollars worth of Iranian oil and natural gas.
In several the last months , has China inked deals with Iran for $ billion 70 worth of dollars Iranian oil and natural . gas
In the last months several , has China inked deals Iran with for $ 70 billion worth dollars Iranian of natural oil and gas .
China will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30 years, will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran, and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field.
Will purchase china 250 million tons of liquefied from natural gas Iran over the 30 next years , will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran , will receive and 150 , 000 barrels oil of per from day field that .
China will purchase 250 million of tons liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30 years will , develop the oil Yadavaran massive field Iran in , and will 150 , receive 000 barrels of oil per day field from that .
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea, where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China.
China is seeking construction the a pipeline of from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would with another link planned pipeline running Kazakhstan from to China .
China is seeking construction the of pipeline a to from Iran the Caspian Sea where , it would link with planned running another pipeline from Kazakhstan to China .
Any US attack on Iran could be perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health.
Any US attack on Iran could perceived be by as China a direct threat to its economic . health
Any US attack on Iran could perceived be China by as direct threat a to its economic . health
Further, any fighting in the Persian Gulf would imperil the tankers running China's liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz.
Further , any fighting in Persian the Gulf would imperil the tankers China running ' liquefied s gas natural of through the Strait Hormuz .
Further , any fighting in Persian the would Gulf imperil the tankers running China ' s liquefied gas natural through the Strait of Hormuz .
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran, the US would be faced with a significant threat.
Should China decide retaliate to against the US to defend its oil natural and gas deal Iran , with the US be would with faced significant a . threat
Should China decide retaliate to against US to the defend oil its and natural gas deal with Iran , the would US faced be significant with a threat .
This threat exists not merely on a military level, though China could force a confrontation in the Pacific by way of Taiwan.
Threat this exists merely not on military a level , though China force could a in confrontation the by Pacific way of . Taiwan
Exists this not threat on merely a military , level China though could force a confrontation in the Pacific by of way Taiwan .
More significantly, China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand.
Significantly more , China holds a large portion of the economy American in the palm of its . hand
Significantly more , holds China a large portion American of the economy in the of palm its hand .
Paul Craig Roberts, writing for The American Conservative, said in July of 2005 that "As a result of many years of persistent trade surpluses with the United States, the Japanese government holds dollar reserves of approximately $1 trillion.
Paul Craig Roberts writing , for American The Conservative , in said July of 2005 that " As a result of years many of persistent surpluses trade with the United , States the Japanese government dollar holds reserves approximately of $ 1 trillion .
Paul Roberts Craig , for The writing Conservative American , said in July of 2005 that As " a result of many years persistent trade of surpluses with United the States , the government Japanese holds reserves dollar of approximately $ 1 trillion .
China's accumulation of dollars is approximately $600 billion.
China s ' of accumulation dollars is approximately $ 600 . billion
' china s accumulation of is approximately dollars $ 600 billion .
South Korea holds about $200 billion.
South Korea holds about $ 200 billion .
Korea south holds about 200 $ billion .
These sums give these countries enormous leverage over the United States.
These sums give countries these leverage enormous the over United States .
These sums give countries these leverage enormous over the United . States
By dumping some portion of their reserves, these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing.
Dumping by their some portion reserves of , these countries put could dollar the under intense and pressure send U . S . interest rates skyrocketing .
By dumping some portion their reserves of , countries these could the put dollar under pressure intense and send U S . . interest rates skyrocketing .
Washington would really have to anger Japan and Korea to provoke such action, but in a showdown with China - over Taiwan, for example - China holds the cards.
Washington would really have to anger Japan Korea and to provoke such action , but a in showdown with China - Taiwan over , example - for holds China cards the .
Washington would have to really anger Japan and Korea to provoke action such , but a in showdown with China - over Taiwan for , example - the China holds cards .
China and Japan, and the world at large, have more dollar reserves than they require.
China and , Japan and world the at large , have dollar more reserves than they require .
China and Japan and , world the at large , have reserves more dollar than require they .
They would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose."
Would they have problem no teaching a hegemonic superpower a if lesson the need arose . "
They have would problem teaching no a superpower hegemonic a lesson the if need arose . "
"The hardest blow on Americans," concluded Roberts, "will fall when China does revalue its currency.
" The blow hardest on Americans , concluded Roberts " , " fall will when does China its revalue currency .
" The hardest blow on , Americans " Roberts concluded , will " China fall does when revalue its currency .
When China's currency ceases to be undervalued, American shoppers in Wal-Mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China, will think they are in Neiman Marcus.
When ' China s currency to ceases be undervalued , American shoppers in Wal Mart - , where 70 percent the of goods the on shelves are made in China , will think Neiman they are in Marcus .
China when ' s currency to , ceases be undervalued American shoppers Wal in - Mart , 70 where the percent of goods on the shelves made are in China , will think they are in Neiman Marcus .
Price increases will cause a dramatic reduction in American real incomes.
Increases price will cause dramatic reduction a in American real incomes .
Price increases a will cause dramatic in reduction American real incomes .
If this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market, American consumers will experience the hardest times since the Great Depression."
This if coincides with interest rising and rates setback a in the housing market , consumers American will experience the hardest times since the Depression Great . "
Coincides if this with interest rising rates and a setback in the market housing American , will consumers experience the since hardest times the Great Depression . "
In short, China has the American economy by the throat.
In short China , has the American economy by the throat .
Short in , has China the American economy by the . throat
Should they decide to squeeze, we will all feel it.
Should decide they to squeeze , will we feel all it .
Should they decide squeeze to we , all will feel it .
China's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States.
China ' s strong in hand this even to extends the diplomatic realm ; China a is permanent member the of United Nations Security Council , could and veto any against actions proposed Iran by the States United .
China ' s hand strong in this even extends the to realm diplomatic ; China is permanent a member the of United Nations Security , Council and could veto any actions against Iran by proposed the States United .
5. American Preparedness
5 American . Preparedness
5 . Preparedness American
American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield.
Citizens american have for decades taken it as a given that our military overwhelm can overcome any and foe the on . battlefield
Citizens american decades have for taken it as a that given our military overwhelm can and overcome any on foe the battlefield .
The rapid victory during the first Gulf War cemented this perception.
Rapid the victory during the first Gulf War this perception cemented .
The rapid victory during the first Gulf War this . cemented perception
The last three years of the Iraq occupation, however, have sapped this confidence.
Last the three years of the occupation Iraq , however , have sapped this confidence .
The last three years of the occupation Iraq however , have , this sapped confidence .
Worse, the occupation has done great damage to the strength of the American military, justifying the decrease in confidence.
, worse done the occupation has great damage to strength the the of American military , justifying the decrease in confidence .
Worse the , occupation done has great to damage strength the of the American military , the justifying decrease in . confidence
Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan, recruiting is at an all-time low.
Thanks to repeated to deployments Iraq Afghanistan and recruiting , at is an all - time . low
Thanks to repeated to deployments Iraq and recruiting Afghanistan , is an at all time - low .
Soldiers with vital training and know-how are refusing to re-enlist.
Soldiers with vital training and - know how refusing are re to - . enlist
Soldiers with vital training and - know are how refusing to re - enlist .
Across the board, the American military is stretched to the breaking point.
Across board the , the American military is to stretched breaking point the .
Across the , board the American is military stretched the to point breaking .
Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation.
Vaunted two economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other nationally a renowned expert budget - have analyzed data the at hand and tag put a price on the occupation Iraq .
Two vaunted economists - one Nobel a Prize and winner other the nationally a renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand a and put price tag on the Iraq occupation .
According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia University, the final cost of the Iraq occupation will run between $1 trillion and $2 trillion, surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the Bush administration.
According to Bilmes Linda Harvard of and Laureate Nobel E Joseph . Stiglitz of University Columbia , the final cost of the Iraq occupation will run between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion surpassing , orders by magnitude of the estimates put forth by the Bush administration .
According to Linda Bilmes and of Harvard Nobel Laureate E Joseph . Stiglitz of Columbia University , the cost of final the Iraq occupation will between run $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion , surpassing orders by magnitude of the estimates put forth by the Bush administration .
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq, and comes to involve Syria, our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously.
If an with engagement Iran envelops forces our in Iraq , comes to and involve , Syria will our likely economy shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries . simultaneously
An if with engagement envelops Iran forces our Iraq in , and comes involve to Syria , our economy will shatter likely under the of strain fighting so many countries . simultaneously
Add to this the economic threat posed by China, and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of Mideast petroleum to the globe.
Add to this the economic posed threat by China , and economic the implicit threat any in substantial disruption the of of distribution Mideast petroleum to globe the .
Add to this the economic threat by posed China , and the economic threat implicit in any substantial of disruption distribution the Mideast of to petroleum globe the .
If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments, missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq, our troops there will be fish in a barrel.
If Iran and Syria with - their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected capabilities chemical weapons decide - to engage with the US relatively undersized force , in our Iraq there troops will be fish in a barrel .
If Iran Syria and - with their significant armaments , technologies and missile chemical suspected weapons capabilities - decide to engage the relatively undersized with US force in Iraq , our will troops there fish be in a barrel .
Iran's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair.
Iran ' s position over the Gulf make resupply would ship by and support air from dangerous carriers a affair .
' iran s over position the Gulf resupply would make ship by and air support from carriers dangerous a affair .
In the worst-case scenario, the newly-minted American order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play, hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam.
In worst the - case scenario the , newly - minted order American of battle the requiring use of nuclear rescue weapons to a surrounded and imperiled force come could into , play the hurling entire planet into military diplomatic and bedlam .
In the worst case - , scenario the newly - minted American order of requiring battle the use of weapons nuclear to rescue a surrounded and force imperiled could come play into , hurling entire planet the into and military bedlam diplomatic .
Conclusion: Is Any of This Possible?
: conclusion Is Any of This ? Possible
Conclusion : Is of Any Possible This ?
The question must be put as directly as possible: what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe?
The question put must as be directly as possible : what manner maniac of undertake would a path so fraught with and peril potential economic catastrophe ?
Question the must put be as directly as possible : what manner of would maniac undertake a fraught so path with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?
It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq, Iran, Syria and China simultaneously.
It is difficult to imagine a for any justification action that envelop could the United States in a economic military and conflict with Iraq , Iran , and China Syria simultaneously .
Is it difficult imagine to justification a for any action that could envelop the United in States a military economic and conflict with Iraq , , Iran Syria and China . simultaneously
Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons, but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat.
Is iran suspected by many of nations working towards the development of nuclear weapons , this but justification even been has tossed a into cocked . hat
Is iran suspected by many nations of working towards the of development nuclear weapons , but even this has been justification tossed a into hat cocked .
Recently, Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that Iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation, and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor.
, recently Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that is Iran not developing its capability nuclear any for reasons beyond energy peaceful creation , and pledged to assisting continue in this Iran endeavor .
Recently , Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that Iran is not developing nuclear its capability any for peaceful reasons beyond energy creation , and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor .
Therefore, any attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities will bring Russia into the mess.
, therefore any attack Iran upon ' s will nuclear bring facilities Russia into the mess .
Therefore , any attack upon Iran ' nuclear s will facilities Russia bring the into . mess
Iran also stands accused of aiding terrorism across the globe.
Also stands iran accused of aiding terrorism across globe the .
Iran also stands accused aiding across of terrorism the globe .
The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so-called "War on Terror."
The dangers in implicit any upon attack nation that , however , seem significantly to whatever offset gains could made be in so the called - " War Terror on . "
Dangers the in implicit attack any upon that nation , , however seem to offset significantly whatever could gains be made in the so called - " War on Terror . "
Unfortunately, all the dangers in the world are no match for the self-assurance of a bubble-encased zealot.
Unfortunately , all the dangers in the are world match for no self the - assurance of bubble a - zealot encased .
, unfortunately the all dangers in the are world no match for the self assurance - bubble of a - encased zealot .
What manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous course?
Manner what of undertake maniac would such a dangerous course ?
What manner of maniac would undertake such dangerous a course ?
Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Look no than further Pennsylvania 1600 Avenue .
Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .
George W. Bush and his administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action in order to garner political power on the home front.
W george . Bush and have his administration consistently incredibly undertaken dangerous courses action of in to order garner political on power the home front .
George W . Bush and administration his consistently have undertaken dangerous courses incredibly of action order in garner to power political on the home front .
Recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media.
The recall terror multiple threats out lobbed by the administration whenever damaging political news in appeared the . media
Recall the multiple terror threats out lobbed by the administration political damaging whenever news appeared the in media .
More significantly, recall Iraq.
More , significantly recall Iraq .
More significantly , Iraq recall .
Karl Rove, Bush's most senior advisor, notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to "run on the war."
Karl Rove , Bush ' advisor s most senior , notoriously Republicans told on the ballot the during 2002 midterms to run " on the war . "
Rove karl , Bush ' s senior most , advisor told notoriously Republicans the on ballot during 2002 the midterms to " run the war on . "
The invasion of Iraq provided marvelous political cover for the GOP not only during those midterms, but during the 2004 Presidential election.
The invasion Iraq of provided marvelous political cover the for GOP during not only midterms those , but the 2004 during Presidential election .
Invasion the Iraq provided of marvelous political for cover GOP not the only during midterms those , but during the 2004 Presidential election .
What kind of political cover would be gained from an attack on Iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attack?
What political kind cover of be would gained from an attack on , Iran and from the diversion of attention to that attack ?
What kind of political cover be would from gained attack an on , Iran and the from diversion attention of that to attack ?
The answer lies in one now-familiar name: Jack Abramoff.
Answer the lies in one - now familiar name : Abramoff Jack .
Answer the lies in one now - familiar name : Jack Abramoff .
The Abramoff scandal threatens to subsume all the hard-fought GOP gains in Congress, and the 2006 midterms are less than a year away.
The Abramoff scandal to threatens all subsume the hard - fought GOP gains in Congress , the and 2006 midterms less are a year than away .
Scandal the Abramoff threatens subsume to hard all the - fought GOP in gains Congress and , the 2006 midterms are than less a year away .
Is any of this a probability?
Is any of this a probability ?
Is any of this ? a probability
Logic says no, but logic seldom plays any part in modern American politics.
Logic says no , but logic plays seldom in any part American modern politics .
Says logic no but , logic seldom any plays in part modern American politics .
All arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth.
All arguments that the Bush administration be would insane to Iran attack and risk a conflagration global the for sake political cover of into run one truth unavoidable .
All arguments that the administration Bush would insane to attack be Iran risk a and global conflagration for the sake political of cover run into unavoidable one truth .
They did it once already in Iraq.
They it did once already Iraq in .
Did they it once in already Iraq .
By Graydon Carter (excepted from "What We've Lost", published by Little Brown)
By Graydon Carter ( excepted " from We What ' Lost ve " , published Brown by Little )
By Graydon Carter excepted from ( What " We ve Lost ' " , published by Little Brown )
68.4 - Average Number of species added to the Endangered and Threatened Species list each year between 1991 and 2000.
. 68 4 - Number Average of species to the added Endangered and Species Threatened list each year between 1991 2000 and .
. 68 4 - Number Average species of added the Endangered to and Threatened Species list each between year 1991 and 2000 .
0 - Number of endangered species voluntarily added by the Bush administration since taking office.
- 0 Number of endangered species voluntarily added by the administration Bush since taking office .
0 - of Number endangered species voluntarily added the by Bush since administration office taking .
408 - Number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global-warming trend continues.
408 - Number of species could that be extinct by 2050 the if global - warming trend . continues
408 Number - species of that could be extinct by 2050 if global the - warming trend continues .
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water, pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech.
- 0 Number times of Bush global mentioned warming , clean air clean , water , pollution or his environment in 2004 State of Union speech the .
- 0 Number of Bush times warming mentioned global , air clean , clean water , pollution environment his or in 2004 State of the Union speech .
His father was the last president to go through an entire State of the Union address without mentioning the environment.
His father was the president last to through go an entire State the of Union without mentioning address environment the .
His father was last the president to through go an entire State of the Union address without mentioning the environment .
1 - Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the EPA's 600-page "Draft Report on the Environment" presented in 2003.
1 - of Number paragraphs devoted to global in warming the ' EPA 600 s page - " Draft Report on Environment the " in presented . 2003
1 - Number of paragraphs to devoted global in warming EPA the s ' 600 - page " on Draft Report the Environment " presented . in 2003
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012.
68 - of Number days after Bush taking office that Not decided to the ratify Kyoto Protocol , the treaty international to reduce greenhouse gases by 5 roughly . 2 cent per 1990 below levels by 2012 .
68 - Number of days office after taking that Bush decided to ratify Not the Kyoto , Protocol the international treaty to reduce gases greenhouse by 5 roughly per . cent 2 below 1990 levels by 2012 .
The United States was to cut its level by 7 per cent.
United the States to was cut its level by per 7 cent .
United States the to was cut its level by 7 per cent .
1 The rank of the United States worldwide in terms of greenhouse gas emissions.
1 The rank of the United States worldwide in terms of greenhouse emissions . gas
1 The rank of States the United worldwide in terms greenhouse of gas . emissions
25 - Percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the United States is responsible for.
25 - Percentage overall of worldwide carbon emissions dioxide the States United is for responsible .
25 - Percentage of carbon overall worldwide dioxide the emissions United is States responsible for .
53 - Number of days after taking office that Bush reneged on his campaign promise to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from power plants.
- Number 53 days of after taking office Bush that reneged on his campaign to promise regulate carbon emissions dioxide from plants power .
- 53 of Number days after taking office that Bush reneged his on campaign promise to regulate dioxide carbon emissions power from plants .
14 - Percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under Bush's own global-warming plan (an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels).
14 - carbon Percentage dioxide will emissions over the increase next 10 years Bush under ' s global own - plan warming ( an increase of per 30 cent above their 1990 levels ) .
14 - Percentage carbon dioxide will emissions increase over the years next 10 under Bush ' s global own warming - ( plan an increase per 30 of cent above their levels 1990 ) .
5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken.
- 5 years Number of Bush the administration said 2003 in that global must warming be further before studied substantive action could be taken .
5 - of Number the years Bush administration said in 2003 that global must warming be further before substantive studied could action be . taken
$44m- Amount the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and mining industries.
$ 44m - Amount the Bush - 2000 Cheney campaign and the Republican Committee National received in contributions from fossil fuel the , chemical timber , , and mining industries .
$ 44m - Amount the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign and the National Republican Committee contributions received in the from fuel fossil , chemical , , timber and mining . industries
200 - Number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening environmental laws in Bush's first three years in office.
200 - of Number regulation rollbacks or downgrading weakening environmental laws in Bush ' s three years first in office .
200 - of Number rollbacks regulation downgrading or weakening environmental laws in Bush ' s first three years office . in
31 - Number of Bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry (includes four cabinet secretaries, the six most powerful White House officials, and more than 20 other high-level appointees).
31 - of Number Bush administration who appointees are alumni of energy the industry ( four includes cabinet secretaries , the six powerful most White House officials , and more 20 than other - high level ) appointees .
31 - of Number administration Bush are appointees who alumni of the energy industry ( includes four cabinet secretaries the , six most House powerful White officials , and more than 20 high other - level appointees ) .
50= Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5pm, a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience.
50 = Approximate number of changes policy and rollbacks regulation injurious to the environment have that been announced by Bush the administration on after Fridays 5pm , a time that it makes all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information the to widest audience possible .
50 = Approximate of number policy changes and regulation injurious rollbacks to the that environment have announced by been the Bush administration on Fridays after 5pm a , time that makes it but all for news impossible organisations to the relay information to the widest possible audience .
50 - Percentage decline in Environmental Protection Agency enforcement actions against polluters under Bush's watch.
50 - in Percentage decline Environmental Protection enforcement Agency actions against polluters under ' Bush watch s .
- 50 Percentage decline in Environmental Protection enforcement Agency actions against polluters under Bush ' watch s .
34 - Percentage decline in criminal penalties for environmental crimes since Bush took office.
34 - Percentage decline criminal penalties for in environmental since crimes Bush took office .
- 34 Percentage decline in criminal environmental penalties for since crimes Bush took office .
50 - Percentage decline in civil penalties for environmental crimes since Bush took office.
50 - Percentage decline civil in penalties for crimes since environmental Bush office took .
- 50 Percentage decline in civil penalties for crimes environmental Bush since office took .
$6.1m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations.
$ 6 1m . - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic of analyses proposed regulations .
6 $ 1m . - Amount historically the EPA each valued human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed . regulations
$3.7m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration.
$ 3 . 7m - Amount the EPA each valued human life when analyses conducting of proposed regulations the Bush during administration .
$ 3 . - 7m EPA Amount the valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the administration Bush .
62 - Number of members of Cheney's 63-person Energy Task Force with ties to corporate energy interests.
- 62 Number of of members Cheney ' s 63 - person Task Force Energy to with ties corporate energy interests .
62 - Number of members of Cheney ' 63 s - person Force Energy with Task to ties energy corporate interests .
0 - Number of environmentalists asked to attend Cheney's Energy Task Force meetings.
0 environmentalists - Number of asked attend to Cheney ' s Energy Task Force meetings .
0 - Number of to environmentalists asked attend Cheney ' Energy s Task Force . meetings
6 - Number of months before 11 September that Cheney's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq's oil reserves.
6 Number - of months 11 September before Cheney that ' s Energy investigated Task Force Iraq ' s oil reserves .
6 - Number of before months 11 that September Cheney ' s Energy Task Force investigated ' Iraq s oil . reserves
2 - Percentage of the world's population that is British.
- 2 Percentage the of world ' population s that is British .
2 - of Percentage the world ' population s that is . British
2 - Percentage of the world's oil used by Britain.
2 - Percentage of the world ' used s by oil Britain .
- 2 Percentage of the ' world s oil used by . Britain
5 - Percentage of the world's population that is American.
5 - of Percentage the world s ' population that American is .
5 Percentage - of the ' world s population is that American .
25 - Percentage of the world's oil used by America.
25 - Percentage the of world ' s by oil used America .
25 - Percentage world of the ' s oil used by . America
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003, a record high.
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in , 2003 a record . high
63 - of Percentage oil United the States imported in 2003 a , high record .
24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush's Clear Skies initiative.
24 , 000 Estimated - number of premature that deaths will under occur ' Bush Skies s Clear initiative .
24 , - 000 Estimated of number deaths premature will that occur under ' Bush s Clear initiative Skies .
300 - Number of Clean Water Act violations by the mountaintop-mining industry in 2003.
300 - Number of Clean Water Act violations the by mountaintop mining - industry 2003 in .
300 - of Number Clean Water Act violations by the - industry mountaintop mining 2003 in .
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military, the world's biggest polluter, generates around the world each year.
750 000 , Tons - of waste toxic US the military , world the ' s biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .
750 000 , - Tons the of toxic waste US , military the world ' polluter s biggest , generates around the world each year .
$3.8bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 1995, the Year "polluter pays" fees expired.
$ 3 . 8bn - Amount the in fund Superfund trust for toxic site clean ups - in 1995 the , " Year pays polluter fees " expired .
$ 3 . 8bn Amount - the in fund Superfund trust toxic site for clean - ups 1995 in , Year the " polluter pays " fees expired .
$0 - Amount of uncommitted dollars in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 2003.
$ - 0 Amount of dollars uncommitted in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean ups - 2003 in .
$ 0 Amount - of uncommitted dollars in trust the Superfund fund for site clean toxic - in ups 2003 .
270 - Estimated number of court decisions citing federal Negligence in endangered-species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the Bush administration.
270 - Estimated of number decisions court federal citing Negligence in endangered - protection that species unheeded remained during first the of year the Bush administration .
- 270 Estimated number of court decisions citing Negligence federal in species endangered - protection remained that the unheeded during first year of Bush the administration .
100 - Percentage of those decisions that Bush then decided to allow the government to ignore indefinitely.
100 Percentage - of those that decisions then Bush to decided the allow government to ignore indefinitely .
100 - Percentage of decisions those that Bush decided then to allow the government to ignore . indefinitely
50- Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from long-term health problems, almost half of whom don't have health insurance.
- 50 Percentage of screened workers at Ground who Zero now suffer long from term - problems , half health almost of don whom ' t have health insurance .
50 - screened Percentage of workers Zero at Ground now who suffer long from term - problems health almost , half of whom don ' t have health insurance .
78 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from lung ailments.
78 Percentage - of workers Ground at Zero who now suffer from lung ailments .
78 - Percentage of workers Ground who at Zero suffer now from lung ailments .
88 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who Now suffer from ear, nose, or throat problems.
Percentage 88 - workers of at Ground Zero who Now suffer from , ear , nose or throat . problems
88 - of Percentage at workers Ground Zero who Now suffer , from ear nose , or throat problems .
22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times higher than the levels in Libby, Montana, where the W R Grace mine produced one of the worst Superfund disasters in US history.
22 - levels Asbestos Ground at were Zero 22 times higher the than levels in Libby , Montana , where the Grace W R mine produced one of the worst Superfund in disasters US . history
22 Asbestos - levels at Ground Zero 22 were higher times than the in levels , Montana Libby , the where W mine R Grace one produced of the worst Superfund disasters in US history .
1 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security issued between 20 January 2001 and 10 September 2001 that mentioned al-Qa'ida.
Number 1 - Bush of administration public statements on National security issued between 20 January and 10 2001 2001 September mentioned that al - ' Qa ida .
1 - Number of administration Bush public National statements security on issued between 20 January 2001 and September 2001 10 that mentioned al - Qa ' ida .
104 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned Iraq or Saddam Hussein.
104 - Number Bush of public administration National on statements security and in defense same the period that mentioned Iraq or Saddam Hussein .
104 - Number of Bush public administration statements on National defense and security in the period same that Iraq mentioned Saddam or Hussein .
101 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned missile defence.
101 - Number of Bush public administration statements on security National defense in and period the same that mentioned missile defence .
101 - Number of Bush public administration statements on National security defense and in the period same mentioned that missile defence .
65 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction.
65 - Number Bush of public administration statements on National security defense and the in that period same mentioned weapons of mass destruction .
- 65 Number of Bush administration public on statements National security and in defense the same that mentioned weapons period mass of destruction .
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union addresses.
0 - of times Number mentioned Bush Osama bin in his Laden three State of the Union addresses .
0 - Number of times Bush Osama mentioned Laden in bin his three of the State Union addresses .
73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses.
73 Number - of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in three his State the of addresses Union .
73 - Number of times that mentioned Bush or terrorism terrorists in three his State of the addresses Union .
83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam, Iraq, or regime (as in change) in his three State of the Union addresses.
83 - of Number Bush mentioned times Saddam , Iraq , regime or ( in as ) change in his three State of addresses the Union .
- 83 Number of times mentioned Bush , Saddam , Iraq or regime ( as in change ) in his three of State the Union . addresses
$1m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, received from Prince Bandar, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend.
$ 1m Estimated value of - a painting the Bush Presidential Library College in Station , Texas , received from Prince Bandar , Saudi Arabia ' s to ambassador United the States Bush and friend family .
$ 1m - Estimated value of painting a the Presidential Bush Library in College Station Texas , , received from Prince Bandar , Arabia Saudi s ' ambassador to the States United and Bush family friend .
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union addresses.
0 - Number mentioned of Bush times Arabia Saudi in his three State of the Union addresses .
0 - Number Bush of times mentioned Saudi in his three Arabia State of the Union addresses .
1,700- Percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian spending on public relations in the United States.
1 700 , - between Percentage 2001 increase 2002 and of Arabian Saudi spending on public relations in the United States .
1 , 700 - Percentage between increase 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian spending on public relations in the States United .
79 - Percentage of the 11 September hijackers who came from Saudi Arabia.
- 79 Percentage of the 11 September who came hijackers from Saudi . Arabia
- 79 Percentage of the 11 September hijackers who came Saudi from Arabia .
3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US-Saudi "Visa Express" programme.
= 3 Number 11 of hijackers September whose visas entry came through US special - Saudi Visa " Express " programme .
= 3 of Number 11 hijackers September whose entry visas through special came US - Saudi " Express Visa " programme .
140 - Number of Saudis, including members of the Bin Laden family, evacuated from United States almost immediately after 11 September.
140 of - Number Saudis , members of the including Bin Laden family , evacuated from United States immediately after almost 11 September .
140 - of Number Saudis members , of including Bin the family Laden , evacuated from United almost States immediately after 11 September .
14 - Number of Immigration and Naturalisation Service (INS) agents assigned to track down 1,200 known illegal immigrants in the United States from countries where al-Qa'ida is active.
14 - of Number and Immigration Service Naturalisation ( INS ) assigned agents track down to , 1 200 known illegal immigrants in the United States countries from where al - Qa ' ida is active .
14 Number - of Immigration and Naturalisation Service ( INS agents ) assigned to down 1 track , known 200 immigrants illegal in the United from States where countries - al Qa ' ida active is .
$3m - Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9/11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks.
$ 3m - Amount the House White was to willing grant the 9 / 11 to Commission investigate the 11 attacks September .
$ - 3m Amount House the White was willing to grant the / 9 Commission 11 to investigate 11 the September attacks .
$0 - Amount approved by George Bush to hire more INS special agents.
$ 0 - Amount by approved George Bush to more hire INS special agents .
$ 0 - Amount by approved George to more Bush hire INS special agents .
$10m- Amount Bush cut from the INS's existing terrorism budget.
$ 10m Amount Bush - cut the from INS s ' existing terrorism budget .
$ 10m - Amount cut from Bush INS the ' s existing budget terrorism .
$50m - Amount granted to the commission that looked into the Columbia space shuttle crash.
$ 50m - granted Amount to the commission that the looked into Columbia shuttle crash space .
$ 50m - Amount granted to the commission into looked that the Columbia shuttle crash space .
$5m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling.
$ - 5m Amount a 1996 federal commission given was to study legalised gambling .
$ 5m - a Amount federal 1996 commission given was to study gambling legalised .
7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay.
7 - Number Arabic linguists of fired by US the army between mid August - and mid - 2002 October for being gay .
7 - of Arabic Number linguists by fired the US army mid between - August and mid - October 2002 being for gay .
George Bush: Military man
George : Bush Military man
Bush george : Military man
1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard, Nearly two years before his six-year obligation was up.
1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his duties pilot in the Texas National Guard , Nearly years two his before six - year obligation up was .
1972 - Year that Bush walked away pilot from his in duties the National Texas , Guard Nearly two years before his six year - was obligation . up
$3,500 - Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service.
3 $ , 500 - Reward of group a veterans offered in 2000 for anyone could who confirm Bush ' Alabama s guard . service
$ 3 500 , - Reward group a veterans of offered 2000 in for anyone who could confirm s Bush ' Alabama service guard .
600-700 - Number of guardsmen who were in Bush's unit during that period.
600 - - 700 of Number guardsmen were in who Bush ' s during unit that period .
600 - 700 - Number guardsmen of who were ' in s Bush unit during period that .
0 - Number of guardsmen from that period who came forward with information about Bush's guard service.
- 0 Number of guardsmen from period that who came forward information with about Bush ' s guard . service
0 Number - of from guardsmen period that who came forward with information Bush about ' s guard service .
0 - Number of minutes that President Bush, Vice-President Dick Cheney, the Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, the assistant Defence Secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board, Richard Perle, and the White House Chief of Staff, Karl Rove - the main proponents of the war in Iraq -served in combat (combined).
0 - of Number minutes that President Bush , Vice President - Dick Cheney , the Defence Secretary , Donald Rumsfeld the , assistant Secretary Defence , Paul , Wolfowitz the former chairman of the Defence Board Policy , Richard Perle , and the White House Chief of Staff Karl , Rove - main the proponents of the war in Iraq - served in combat ( combined ) .
- 0 Number minutes of that President Bush , Vice President - Dick Cheney , Defence the Secretary Donald , Rumsfeld , the assistant Defence Secretary , Paul Wolfowitz , the former chairman the of Policy Defence Board , Richard Perle , and the White House Chief of Staff , Karl Rove the - main proponents of the war in Iraq - in served ( combat combined ) .
0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq.
- 0 Number of civilian principal or Pentagon staff members who the war planned who immediate have family members serving in in uniform . Iraq
0 Number - principal of civilian Pentagon or staff members planned who the war who have family immediate serving members uniform in in Iraq .
8 - Number of members of the US Senate and House of Representatives who have a child serving in the military.
8 - Number of of members US the and Senate House of Representatives have who a child in serving the military .
8 - of Number members of the US of Senate and House Representatives who have a child serving in the military .
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President "a joke" in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper.
- 10 Number of days the Pentagon that spent investigating a soldier had who called the " President a " joke a in letter the editor to of a Newspaper .
- 10 Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating soldier a had who called the President " a " joke a in to letter the editor a of Newspaper .
46 - Percentage increase in sales between 2001 and 2002 of GI Joe figures (children's toys).
46 - Percentage increase sales between in 2001 and 2002 GI figures of Joe ( children ' toys s ) .
- 46 Percentage increase in between sales and 2001 2002 GI of Joe figures ( children ' s toys ) .
Ambitious warrior
Warrior ambitious
Warrior ambitious
2 - Number of Nations that George Bush has attacked and taken over since coming into office.
2 - Number of Nations has that George Bush and attacked taken since over coming into office .
2 Number - of Nations that George Bush has attacked and taken since coming over into office .
130 - Approximate Number of countries (out of a total of 191 recognised by the United Nations) with a US military presence.
130 - of Approximate Number countries ( of out a of total recognised 191 by the United Nations ) with a US military presence .
130 Approximate - of Number countries ( out of a total of 191 recognised by United the Nations ) a US with military presence .
43 - Percentage of the entire world's military spending that the US spends on defence.
- 43 of Percentage the entire world ' s military spending the US that spends defence on .
43 - Percentage the of entire world ' s military the spending US that spends defence on .
(That was in 2002, the year before the invasion of Iraq.)
( That was 2002 the in year , before the invasion of Iraq . )
( That in was 2002 , the year before the of invasion Iraq . )
$401.3b - Proposed military budget for 2004.
$ 401 . 3b - Proposed budget military . for 2004
$ 401 . 3b - Proposed military budget 2004 for .
Saviour of Iraq
Saviour Iraq of
Of saviour Iraq
1983 - The year in which Donald Rumsfeld, Ronald Reagan's special envoy to the Middle East, gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift.
1983 - year The which Donald in , Rumsfeld Reagan Ronald ' s envoy special to the Middle , East gave Saddam Hussein a of pair golden as spurs a gift .
- 1983 year The in which Rumsfeld Donald Ronald , Reagan ' s special to envoy the Middle East , Hussein gave Saddam a pair of golden spurs as a gift .
2.5 - Number of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect in the 11 September attacks that he brought up reasons to "hit" Iraq.
. 2 - 5 Number of hours after Rumsfeld that learnt Osama bin Laden was a the suspect in September attacks 11 that he brought up reasons to " hit " Iraq .
2 . 5 - of Number after hours Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect the in 11 attacks that September he brought to up reasons " hit " Iraq .
237 - Minimum number of misleading statements on Iraq made by top Bush administration officials between 2002 and January 2004, according to the California Representative Henry Waxman.
- 237 Minimum number of misleading statements on Iraq by made Bush top administration between officials 2002 and January 2004 according , to the California Representative Henry . Waxman
- 237 number Minimum of misleading statements Iraq on top made by Bush administration officials between 2002 January and 2004 , according to the Representative California Waxman Henry .
10m - Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003, in opposition to the invasion of Iraq, the largest simultaneous protest in world history.
- 10m Estimated number people worldwide of who took to the streets on 21 February 2003 in , opposition to the invasion of Iraq , simultaneous the largest in protest world history .
- 10m Estimated number of people who took worldwide to the streets on February 21 2003 , opposition in the invasion to of Iraq , largest the simultaneous protest world in history .
$2b - Estimated monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq projected by the White House in April 2003.
$ - 2b monthly Estimated of cost military presence US in Iraq projected by the White in House April 2003 .
$ 2b - Estimated monthly cost US of military presence in Iraq projected the by White House in April 2003 .
$4b - Actual monthly cost of the US military presence in Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in 2004.
$ - 4b Actual monthly cost the of military US presence in Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in . 2004
4b $ - Actual cost US monthly of the military presence in Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld 2004 in .
$15m - Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq.
15m $ - Amount of a awarded contract to American an firm to build a cement factory in . Iraq
15m $ - Amount a of contract to awarded American an firm build to a cement factory Iraq in .
$80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent (using Saddam's confiscated funds) to build the same factory, after delays prevented the American firm from starting it.
$ , 000 80 - Amount an Iraqi spent firm ( Saddam using ' s confiscated funds ) to the same build , factory after delays prevented the American firm from it starting .
$ 80 , 000 - Amount an Iraqi firm ( spent Saddam ' using s confiscated funds ) build to same the factory , after the delays American prevented from firm it starting .
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was "we wouldn't do anything in Iraq".
2000 - Year Cheney said that policy his CEO of as Halliburton services oil company " was we wouldn ' do t anything in Iraq " .
2000 - Year said that Cheney his as policy of CEO oil Halliburton services company was " we wouldn ' t do anything in " Iraq .
$4.7b - Total value of contracts awarded to Halliburton in Iraq and Afghanistan.
$ 4 7b . - Total value contracts of awarded to Halliburton in Iraq Afghanistan and .
$ 4 . 7b - value Total of contracts to awarded in Halliburton Iraq and Afghanistan .
$680m - Estimated value of Iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to Bechtel.
680m $ - Estimated of value Iraq reconstruction contracts awarded Bechtel to .
$ 680m - value Estimated of reconstruction Iraq contracts awarded Bechtel to .
$2.8b - Value of Bechtel Corp contracts in Iraq.
$ 2 . 8b - Value Bechtel Corp of in contracts Iraq .
$ 2 . - 8b Value of Bechtel Corp Iraq contracts in .
$120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year.
$ 120b - the war Amount and aftermath are its projected to cost for the fiscal 2004 year .
$ 120b - Amount the war and aftermath its are to projected cost for the fiscal 2004 year .
35 - Number of countries to which the United States suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court.
- 35 Number of which countries to United the suspended States military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity prosecution from the before International Criminal Court .
- 35 of Number to countries which the United States military assistance suspended after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court .
92 - Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002.
92 - Percentage Iraq of ' s urban with areas access potable to in water 2002 late .
92 Percentage - Iraq of ' s urban areas with access potable to in water 2002 late .
60 - Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2003.
60 - Percentage Iraq of ' s urban areas access with potable to in water 2003 late .
- 60 Percentage Iraq of ' s areas urban with access potable to in water late 2003 .
55 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war.
55 - of Percentage the workforce Iraqi who unemployed were before war the .
55 Percentage - of workforce the Iraqi who were unemployed the before war .
80 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who are unemployed a Year after the war.
- 80 Percentage of Iraqi the workforce who are unemployed Year a the after war .
- 80 Percentage of the workforce Iraqi who are a unemployed Year after war the .
0 - Number of American combat deaths in Germany after the Nazi surrender in May 1945.
0 - Number combat of deaths American Germany in after the Nazi surrender in 1945 May .
0 - of Number American combat in deaths after Germany the Nazi surrender in May 1945 .
37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003, the month combat operations "officially" ended.
37 - toll Death soldiers of US in in Iraq May 2003 , month the combat operations " officially " ended .
37 - Death toll of soldiers US in in 2003 Iraq May , month the combat operations " " officially ended .
0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed.
0 - of Number coffins dead of returning soldiers that home the Bush administration permitted has to be . photographed
0 Number - of coffins dead of soldiers returning home that Bush the administration has permitted to be . photographed
0 - Number of memorial services for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the beginning of the war.
0 - Number of memorial services the for returned dead Bush has that attended beginning since the of the . war
0 Number - of memorial services for returned dead the Bush that has attended since the beginning of the war .
A soldier's best friend
Soldier a ' s best friend
Soldier a ' s best friend
40,000 - Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests, designed to stop a round from an AK-47.
40 , 000 - of Number in soldiers Iraq months seven after start the of still without war Interceptor vests , designed stop to a round from AK an 47 - .
40 , - 000 Number soldiers of in seven Iraq after months start the of war still without Interceptor vests , designed to a round stop from AK an 47 - .
$60m - Estimated cost of outfitting those 40,000 soldiers with Interceptor vests.
$ 60m - Estimated cost of outfitting 40 those , 000 soldiers Interceptor with vests .
$ 60m - cost Estimated of outfitting those 40 , 000 soldiers Interceptor with vests .
62 - Percentage of gas masks that army investigators discovered did Not work properly in autumn 2002.
- 62 Percentage gas of masks army that investigators discovered did Not work autumn properly in 2002 .
62 - of Percentage masks gas that army investigators Not did discovered work properly in autumn 2002 .
90 - Percentage of detectors which give early warning of a biological weapons attack found to be defective.
90 - Percentage of which detectors give warning of early biological a weapons attack found be to defective .
90 Percentage - of detectors give which early warning of a biological weapons found attack be to . defective
87 - Percentage of Humvees in Iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping AK-47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003.
87 Percentage - of Humvees Iraq in not equipped with armour capable of AK stopping - rounds 47 and protecting against roadside landmines bombs at and the end of 2003 .
- 87 of Percentage in Humvees Iraq not armour equipped with of capable stopping AK - 47 and rounds against protecting roadside and bombs landmines at the end of 2003 .
Making the country safer
The making country safer
The making country safer
$3.29- Average amount allocated per person Nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants.
$ 3 . 29 - amount Average allocated per person Nationwide the first in round of security homeland grants .
$ 3 . 29 - per Average amount allocated person Nationwide first in the round of security homeland grants .
$94.40 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in American Samoa.
94 $ 40 . - Amount allocated per person for homeland in security American . Samoa
$ . 94 40 - Amount allocated person per homeland for security American in Samoa .
$36 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming, Vice-President Cheney's home state.
$ 36 Amount - per allocated for homeland person security in Wyoming , - Vice President Cheney ' s home . state
$ - 36 Amount allocated per person homeland for security Wyoming in Vice , - Cheney President ' home s state .
$17 - Amount allocated per person in New York state.
$ 17 Amount allocated - per person in York New state .
$ - 17 Amount per allocated person in York New state .
$5.87 - Amount allocated per person in New York City.
$ 87 5 . - Amount allocated per person in New . York City
$ . 5 87 - allocated Amount person per in New York . City
$77.92 - Amount allocated per person in New Haven, Connecticut, home of Yale University, Bush's alma mater.
77 $ . 92 - allocated Amount person per New in Haven , , Connecticut home of University Yale Bush , ' s alma mater .
$ . 77 92 - Amount per allocated person in New , Haven Connecticut , home Yale University of , Bush ' mater s alma .
76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first-response units.
76 - Percentage of surveyed 215 cities by the Conference US of Mayors 2004 in early that had yet receive to a dime in federal homeland assistance security for their first - response . units
76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors in early that 2004 had receive yet to a dime federal in homeland security for assistance their - first units . response
5 - Number of major US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically.
5 - of major Number airports US at the of beginning 2004 that the Security Transportation admitted were Administration Not fully screening baggage electronically .
5 - Number major of airports US the at beginning 2004 of that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were fully Not baggage screening . electronically
22,600 - Number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into New York each month.
, 22 600 - of Number planes carrying unscreened cargo fly that New into York each . month
22 , 600 - Number of planes carrying unscreened cargo fly New that into York each month .
5 - Estimated Percentage of US air cargo that is screened, including cargo transported on passenger planes.
5 - Estimated Percentage of US air that cargo is , screened including cargo transported passenger on planes .
- 5 Percentage of Estimated US air that is cargo screened , including cargo transported on passenger planes .
95 - Percentage of foreign goods that arrive in the United States by sea.
95 - Percentage foreign of goods that arrive in the States sea United by .
- 95 Percentage of foreign that goods the arrive in United States by sea .
2 - Percentage of those goods subjected to thorough inspection.
Percentage 2 - of those goods subjected thorough to inspection .
2 - Percentage those of goods subjected thorough inspection to .
$5.5b - Estimated cost to secure fully US ports over the Next decade.
5 $ . - 5b Estimated cost secure to fully US over ports Next the decade .
$ . 5 - 5b cost Estimated secure to fully ports US over the Next decade .
$0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003.
$ Amount 0 - Bush allocated for port in security 2003 .
$ 0 - Amount Bush allocated for in security port 2003 .
$46m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005.
46m $ - Amount the Bush administration budgeted has port for in security 2005 .
$ 46m - Amount the administration Bush has for budgeted port in 2005 security .
15,000 - Number of major chemical facilities in the United States.
15 000 , - Number major of chemical facilities in the United States .
15 , 000 Number - chemical of major in facilities the United States .
100 - Number of US chemical plants where a terrorist act could endanger the lives of more than one million people.
- Number 100 of chemical plants US where a terrorist could act endanger lives the of more than one million people .
100 - Number US chemical of plants where a act terrorist endanger could the of lives more one than million people .
0 - Number of new drugs or vaccines against "priority pathogens" listed by the Centres for Disease Control that have been developed and introduced since 11 September 2001.
- 0 Number of new drugs or against vaccines " priority pathogens " listed the by Centres for Disease Control have that and been developed introduced since September 11 2001 .
- 0 of Number drugs or new vaccines against " priority pathogens listed " by the for Centres Control Disease that have been developed and introduced 11 since 2001 September .
Giving a hand up to the advantaged
A giving up hand to the advantaged
Giving hand a to up the advantaged
$10.9m - Average wealth of the members of Bush's original 16-person cabinet.
$ 10 9m . - wealth Average of the of members Bush ' s original 16 - person . cabinet
$ . 10 9m - Average wealth the members of of Bush s ' original 16 - person cabinet .
75 - Percentage of Americans unaffected by Bush's sweeping 2003 cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes.
75 - of Percentage unaffected Americans Bush by ' s sweeping in 2003 cuts capital and gains dividends taxes .
75 - of Americans Percentage unaffected by Bush ' sweeping s cuts 2003 capital in gains and taxes dividends .
$42,000 - Average savings members of Bush's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes.
42 $ 000 , Average - savings members of ' s Bush cabinet received 2003 in a as of result cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .
42 $ , - 000 Average savings of members Bush ' s received cabinet 2003 in as a result of cuts in capital gains and taxes dividends .
10 - Number of fellow members from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush has named to important positions (including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson).
- 10 Number fellow of members the from Yale society secret Skull and Bones that named Bush has to positions important including ( the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr . SEC chief and Bill Donaldson ) .
10 - of Number fellow from members the Yale secret society Skull Bones that and Bush to named has important ( positions including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr and . SEC Bill chief Donaldson ) .
79 - Number of Bush's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father's administration.
- 79 Number of Bush ' initial 189 s who appointees also served his in father ' administration s .
- 79 Number of Bush ' initial s 189 who appointees served also his in father ' s . administration
A man with a lot of friends
A man a with lot friends of
Man a with a lot friends of
$113m - Amount of total hard money the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign received, a record.
$ - 113m Amount total hard of money the Bush - Cheney campaign 2000 received , record a .
$ 113m - of Amount total hard money the - Bush Cheney campaign 2000 , received record a .
$11.5m - Amount of hard money raised through the Pioneer programme, the controversial fund-raising process created for the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign.
$ . 5m 11 - of Amount hard money through raised the Pioneer programme , controversial the - fund raising process for created the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign .
$ 11 5m . - of Amount hard raised through money Pioneer the programme , controversial the fund - raising process for the Bush created - Cheney 2000 campaign .
(Participants pledged to raise at least $100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to $1,000 from friends and family.
( Participants pledged at to raise least 100 $ , by 000 bundling together cheques to of up $ 1 , from 000 friends family and .
( Participants to raise at pledged least $ 100 , 000 bundling by cheques together of up to $ 1 , 000 friends from and family .
Pioneers were assigned numbers, which were included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much.)
Pioneers were numbers assigned , were which included cheques on all , enabling the campaign to track keep of who raised how much . )
Were pioneers assigned , which numbers were included cheques on all , enabling the campaign keep to track who of raised how much . )
George Bush: Money manager
George Bush : manager Money
Bush george : Money manager
4.7m - Number of bankruptcies that were declared during Bush's first three years in office.
4 . 7m - Number of were bankruptcies that declared Bush during ' s first three years office in .
4 . - 7m Number bankruptcies that of declared were Bush during ' first s three years in office .
2002 - The worst year for major markets since the recession of the 1970s.
2002 - worst The for year major markets the since recession the of 1970s .
- 2002 worst year The for major markets since the recession the of 1970s .
$489b - The US trade deficit in 2003, the worst in history for a single year.
$ 489b The - US trade in deficit 2003 , the in worst for history a single . year
$ 489b - The US deficit trade in 2003 , worst in the history for a single year .
$5.6t - Projected national surplus forecast by the end of the decade when Bush took office in 2001.
$ . 5 6t - Projected surplus national forecast by the end of the decade Bush when took office 2001 in .
$ 5 6t . - national Projected surplus forecast by the of the end decade Bush when took office in . 2001
$7.22t - US national debt by mid-2004.
$ 7 . 22t - national US debt mid by - . 2004
$ 7 22t . - US national debt by mid - 2004 .
George Bush: Tax cutter
George Bush Tax : cutter
Bush george : Tax cutter
87 - Percentage of American families in April 2004 who say they have felt no benefit from Bush's tax cuts.
- 87 Percentage American of families in April who 2004 they say have felt no from benefit Bush ' tax s cuts .
87 - Percentage of families American April in 2004 say they who have felt no benefit from ' Bush s tax . cuts
39 - Percentage of tax cuts that will go to the top 1 per cent of American families when fully phased in.
- 39 of Percentage tax cuts that will go the to top 1 per cent of American when families fully phased in .
39 - Percentage tax of cuts that go will the to top 1 cent per families of American when fully phased in .
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office.
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had gone actually since up Bush took office .
49 Percentage - of Americans in 2004 April found who their that taxes had actually gone up Bush took since office .
88 - Percentage of American families who will save less than $100 on their 2006 federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains and dividends taxes.
88 - of American Percentage families who will save less than $ 100 on their 2006 federal taxes as of result a in 2003 cut capital gains and dividends taxes .
88 - of Percentage American families will save who than less $ 100 on 2006 their federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains dividends and . taxes
$30,858 - Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003.
$ , 30 858 - Amount himself Bush saved in taxes 2003 . in
$ , 30 858 - Amount Bush saved himself in in 2003 taxes .
Employment tsar
Tsar employment
Tsar employment
9.3m - Number of US unemployed in April 2004.
9 . 3m - of Number US in unemployed April . 2004
. 9 3m Number - of US unemployed in April . 2004
2.3m - Number of Americans who lost their jobs during first three Years of the Bush administration.
. 2 3m - Number of Americans who lost their jobs during first three the Years Bush of administration .
2 . 3m Number - of Americans who lost jobs their three during first of Years Bush the administration .
22m - Number of jobs gained during Clinton's eight years in office.
- 22m Number of jobs during gained Clinton ' eight s years office in .
22m - Number jobs of gained during Clinton ' eight s years in office .
Friend of the poor
Of friend the poor
Of friend the poor
34.6m - Number of Americans living below the poverty line (1 in 8 of the population).
. 34 - 6m Number of Americans living below the poverty line ( 1 8 in of the ) population .
34 . - 6m of Number below Americans living the poverty ( line 1 in 8 of the ) population .
6.8m - Number of people in the workforce but still classified as poor.
6 8m . - Number of people the in workforce but still classified as poor .
6 . - 8m Number of in people the but still workforce classified as poor .
35m - Number of Americans that the government defines as "food insecure," in other words, hungry.
35m - Number Americans of that the government defines as food " insecure , " other in words hungry , .
35m - Number of that Americans government the defines " as food insecure , " in other words hungry , .
$300m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes.
300m $ - Amount cut federal from the that programme provides to subsidies poor families they so can heat their homes .
$ 300m - cut Amount the federal from programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can their heat homes .
40 - Percentage of wealth in the United States held by the richest 1 per cent of the population.
40 - Percentage of wealth United the in States held by the richest 1 per cent of the . population
40 - Percentage of wealth in the States United held by the richest 1 of cent per the population .
18 - Percentage of wealth in Britain held by the richest 1e per cent of the population.
- 18 of Percentage wealth in Britain held by the richest per 1e cent population of the .
- 18 of Percentage wealth Britain in held by richest the 1e per cent the of population .
George Bush And his special friend
George Bush And special his friend
George Bush And his friend special
$60b - Loss to Enron stockholders, following the largest bankruptcy in US history.
$ 60b - Loss Enron to stockholders , following the largest in bankruptcy US history .
60b $ - Loss to Enron stockholders following , the largest bankruptcy in US history .
$205m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four-year period.
205m $ - Amount Kenneth Enron CEO Lay from earned stock profits option over a four - period year .
205m $ - Amount CEO Enron Lay Kenneth earned from stock profits option over four - a year period .
$101m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt.
$ 101m Amount - Lay made from selling his shares just Enron the before went company bankrupt .
$ - Amount 101m made Lay from selling Enron his shares just before company the went bankrupt .
$59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign.
$ 59 , - 339 the Amount Bush reimbursed campaign Enron for 14 trips on corporate its during the jet 2000 campaign .
$ 59 , 339 - Amount the Bush Enron campaign reimbursed for trips 14 on its corporate during jet the 2000 campaign .
30 - Length of time in months between Enron's collapse and Lay (whom the President called "Kenny Boy") still not being charged with a crime.
30 - Length of time in between months ' Enron s Lay collapse and ( the called whom President " Kenny Boy " still ) being not charged with a crime .
- 30 Length time of in months between ' Enron s collapse Lay and whom ( the President " called Kenny Boy " ) not still charged being a with crime .
George Bush: Lawman
George Bush Lawman :
George Bush Lawman :
15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of Texas.
15 - Average number minutes of Bush spent punishment reviewing capital while governor cases of Texas .
15 - Average number Bush of minutes spent capital reviewing punishment cases while of governor . Texas
46 - Percentage of Republican federal judges when Bush came to office.
46 - of Percentage Republican federal judges when Bush came to office .
46 Percentage - of federal Republican judges when Bush came to . office
57 - Percentage of Republican federal judges after three years of the Bush administration.
57 - Percentage of federal Republican judges after three of years Bush the . administration
57 - Percentage of judges Republican federal after years three the of Bush administration .
33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes.
Percentage 33 - of the $ 15bn Bush pledged fight to Africa Aids in must that go to abstinence - only programmes .
- 33 Percentage of $ the 15bn Bush pledged to fight in Aids that Africa to must go abstinence - only programmes .
The Civil libertarian
The libertarian Civil
The libertarian Civil
680 - Number of suspected al-Qa'ida members that the United States admits are detained at Guantnamo Bay, Cuba.
- Number 680 of al suspected - Qa ' members ida that United the States admits are detained Guantnamo at Bay , . Cuba
680 - Number suspected of al - Qa ida ' members the that United States admits detained at are Guantnamo Bay , Cuba .
42 - Number of nationalities of those detainees at Guantanamo.
42 - of Number of nationalities detainees those at Guantanamo .
42 - of Number those nationalities of detainees at Guantanamo .
22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed, shackled, and made to wear surgical masks, earmuffs, and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo.
22 - Number hours of prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , made and to surgical wear masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during flight their . to Guantanamo
22 Number - of hours prisoners handcuffed were , shackled , and to made wear surgical masks , earmuffs and , blindfolds during their to flight . Guantanamo
32 - Number of confirmed suicide attempts by Guantanamo Bay prisoners.
32 - of Number confirmed suicide by attempts Guantanamo prisoners Bay .
32 - Number of confirmed suicide by attempts prisoners Guantanamo Bay .
24 - Number of prisoners in mid-2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in Guantanamo's new mental ward.
- 24 Number of prisoners in mid - 2003 monitored being by in psychiatrists ' Guantanamo s new mental ward .
24 Number - of prisoners in - mid being 2003 by monitored psychiatrists in Guantanamo ' new s ward mental .
A health-conscious president
Health a - conscious president
A health - president conscious
43.6m - Number of Americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 (more than 15 per cent of the population).
43 6m . - Number of Americans without health insurance by end the 2002 of ( more than per cent 15 the of ) population .
43 . - 6m Number of Americans without insurance health by the end of ( 2002 than more 15 per cent population the of ) .
2.4m - Number of Americans who lost their health insurance during Bush's first year in office.
. 4m 2 - of Americans Number who their lost health insurance during Bush ' s first year office in .
. 2 4m - Number of who Americans their lost insurance health Bush during ' s first year office in .
Image booster for the US
Booster image for the US
Image for booster the US
2,500- Number of public-diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further the image of the US abroad in 1991.
2 , 500 - of Number public - diplomacy officers employed the State by the Department further to image of the US abroad in 1991 .
2 500 , - Number of public - diplomacy employed officers by State the Department to further image of the the US in 1991 abroad .
1,200 - Number of public-diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004.
1 , 200 - Number of public - diplomacy officers employed the by State Department to image further US abroad 2004 in .
1 , 200 - of Number - public diplomacy employed officers by the State to Department further US image in 2004 abroad .
4- Rank of the United States among countries considered to be the greatest threats to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study (Israel, Iran, and North Korea were considered more dangerous; Iraq was considered less dangerous).
4 - Rank of the United States among considered countries be to the greatest threats to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study ( Israel , Iran , North and Korea considered were more dangerous Iraq ; considered was less dangerous ) .
- 4 Rank of United the States among countries considered to be the greatest threats to peace world according a to 2003 Global Pew study Attitudes ( Israel , , Iran and North Korea were more considered dangerous ; Iraq was considered less dangerous ) .
$66b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949.
$ 66b - the Amount States spent United on international aid and in diplomacy 1949 .
$ 66b - the Amount States United spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949 .
$23.8b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002.
$ 23 8b . - Amount the spent States United on international aid and diplomacy 2002 in .
$ 23 . 8b - Amount United the States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .
85- Percentage of Indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the United States in 2003.
- 85 of Percentage Indonesians who had an image unfavourable the of United States 2003 in .
85 - Percentage Indonesians of had who unfavourable an of image the United in States 2003 .
Second-party endorsements
- second party endorsements
Second - endorsements party
90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001.
90 - Percentage who of Americans of approved the way Bush was his handling job as president on September 26 . 2001
90 - Percentage Americans of who approved of the way Bush handling job was his as president on 26 September 2001 .
67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2002.
67 - of Percentage Americans who approved of Bush the way was handling his job president as on 26 2002 . September
- 67 Percentage of Americans who approved the of way Bush handling was his president job on as 26 September 2002 .
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September, 2003.
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved the of way handling was Bush his as president job on 30 September , 2003 .
54 Percentage - of Americans who approved the of way Bush was handling his job as on president September 30 , 2003 .
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003.
50 - Percentage of Americans who of approved the Bush was way handling job as his on president 15 October 2003 .
50 - of Percentage Americans who approved of way the Bush was handling his president job as 15 on October . 2003
49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004.
- 49 of Percentage Americans approved who of the way Bush handling was his as job president in May . 2004
49 of - Percentage Americans who approved the of Bush way was handling job his president as in May 2004 .
More like the French than he would care to admit
More like the French than he care to admit would
Like more the French he than would to care admit
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003, the second-longest vacation of any president in US history.
28 - Number of vacation Bush days took August in , 2003 the second - vacation of longest president any in history US .
28 - Number of vacation took days in Bush August 2003 , second the - longest vacation any of in president history US .
(Record holder Richard Nixon.)
( holder Record Nixon Richard . )
( holder Richard Record Nixon . )
13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year.
13 Number - vacation of days the average American each receives Year .
13 - Number of vacation the days average American each receives . Year
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets."
- 28 Number of vacation Bush days in took August 2001 the he , month a received 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed " Osama bin Laden Determined to US Strike Targets . "
- 28 Number of days vacation Bush in took 2001 August the , month he received a 6 August Daily Presidential headed Briefing " Osama bin Determined Laden to Strike US Targets . "
500 - Number of days Bush has spent all or part of his time away from the White House at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, his parents' retreat in Kennebunkport, Maine, or Camp David as of 1 April 2004.
500 - of Number days Bush has spent all or part of his away time from the White House ranch at his in Crawford , Texas , parents his ' , retreat in Kennebunkport Maine , or David Camp as of 1 2004 April .
500 - Number of days Bush spent has or part all of time his from away the White at House his ranch in , Crawford Texas , his parents ' retreat Kennebunkport in , Maine or , Camp David as of April 1 2004 .
No fool when it comes to the press
Fool no when it comes to press the
No fool it when comes to press the
11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being "trick" ones.
- 11 Number of press conferences during first his three years office in which in Bush to referred questions being as " trick ones " .
- 11 Number press of conferences during his first three years in in which office Bush referred to as questions being " trick ones " .
Factors in his favor
Factors in favor his
Factors his in favor
3 - Number of companies that control the US voting technology market.
- 3 Number of that control companies the US voting technology market .
3 Number - companies of that control the voting US technology market .
52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software, the largest voting-technology firm, a big Republican donor.
- 52 Percentage of cast votes the during midterm 2002 that elections were recorded by Election & Systems Software , largest voting the - technology firm , big a Republican donor .
52 - Percentage votes of during cast the 2002 that midterm elections were recorded by Systems Election & Software the , largest voting - firm technology , a big Republican donor .
29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that don't produce a paper record.
29 - Percentage of votes will that be cast via voting computer machines that ' don t a produce paper record .
29 - of Percentage that votes be will cast via voting computer machines don that ' t produce a paper . record
17 - On 17 November 2001, The Economist printed a correction for having said George Bush was properly elected in 2000.
17 - On 17 November 2001 , Economist The a printed correction for having said Bush George was properly elected 2000 in .
17 - On November 2001 17 , The Economist a printed correction for said having George was Bush properly elected 2000 in .
$113m- Amount raised by the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign, the most in American electoral history.
$ 113m - Amount raised the by - Bush Cheney 2000 campaign , the in most American history electoral .
$ 113m - raised Amount the by Bush - Cheney campaign 2000 the most , in electoral American history .
$185m - Amount raised by the Bush-Cheney 2004 re-election campaign, to the end of March 2004.
$ - 185m Amount the raised by Bush - 2004 Cheney re - campaign election , to the of end March 2004 .
$ - 185m Amount raised the by Bush - 2004 Cheney re - campaign election , to the end March 2004 of .
$200m - Amount that the Bush-Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004.
$ 200m - Amount that Bush the - Cheney 2004 to campaign raise expects by 2004 November .
$ - 200m Amount that the Bush - Cheney 2004 campaign to expects raise by 2004 November .
268 Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Pioneer status (by raising $100,000 each) as of March 2004.
268 Number of Bush - fund Cheney - had raisers who earned status Pioneer ( by raising $ 100 , 000 each ) March as of 2004 .
268 Number of Bush - Cheney fund - who raisers earned status had Pioneer ( by raising $ , 100 000 each ) March as 2004 of .
187 - Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Ranger status (by raising $200,000 each) as of March 2004.
- 187 of Number Bush - fund Cheney - who raisers had earned status Ranger by ( raising $ 200 , each 000 ) of as March 2004 .
- 187 Number Bush of - Cheney fund - raisers who had earned Ranger by status ( raising $ 200 000 , ) each as March of . 2004
$64.2m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush-Cheney as of March 2004.
$ 64 . 2m - Amount The and Pioneers Rangers for had raised Bush - Cheney as March of . 2004
$ . 64 2m - The Amount and Pioneers Rangers raised had Bush for - Cheney of March as 2004 .
85 - Percentage of Americans who can't Name the Chief Justice of the United States.
- 85 Percentage of Americans who can t ' Name the Chief of Justice States the United .
85 Percentage of - Americans who can ' Name t the Chief Justice of the United States .
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks.
Percentage 69 - of Americans who believed White the ' House s claims in September 2003 Saddam that Hussein was personally involved the in 11 September attacks .
69 Percentage - of Americans who believed the House White ' s in claims September that 2003 Hussein Saddam was personally the involved in 11 attacks September .
34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam's "weapons of mass destruction" had been found.
- 34 Percentage of who Americans believed June in 2003 that ' Saddam s " weapons destruction of mass had " been found .
34 - Percentage of who Americans in believed June that Saddam 2003 ' s " weapons of mass destruction had " been found .
22- Percentage of Americans who believed in May 2003 that Saddam had used his WMDs on US forces.
22 - of Percentage Americans who believed May in that 2003 Saddam used had his WMDs on US forces .
22 - of Americans Percentage believed who in 2003 May that Saddam used had his WMDs US on forces .
85 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find Afghanistan, Iraq, or Israel on a map.
- 85 American Percentage young of adults who find cannot , Afghanistan Iraq , or Israel on a map .
85 - Percentage of young American cannot adults who find Afghanistan , Iraq , or Israel on a . map
30 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the Pacific Ocean on a map.
- Percentage 30 of adults American young who cannot find the Pacific Ocean a on map .
- 30 Percentage young of adults American who cannot find Pacific the Ocean on a map .
75 - Percentage of American young adults who don't know the population of the United States.
- 75 Percentage of young American adults don who ' t know the population of United the . States
- 75 of Percentage young American adults who don ' t the population know of the United States .
53 - Percentage of Canadian young adults who don't know the population of the United States.
- 53 Percentage of Canadian young adults don who ' know t the population the United of States .
53 - young Percentage of Canadian adults who don ' t know population of the the United States .
11 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the United States on a map.
11 - Percentage of young American adults find who the United cannot States on a map .
11 Percentage - of American adults young who find cannot the on United States a map .
30 - Percentage of Americans who believe that "politics and government are too complicated to understand."
- Percentage 30 of Americans who that believe " and politics government are too complicated understand to . "
30 - of Percentage who Americans believe that " politics government and are too complicated to understand . "
Another factor in his favor
Another factor his in favor
Factor another in his favor
70m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God.
- 70m Estimated of number Americans who themselves describe as Evangelicals who Christ accept Jesus as their saviour personal and who the interpret Bible as the direct word of God .
- 70m Estimated of number Americans who describe themselves as who Evangelicals Jesus Christ accept as their personal saviour and who interpret Bible as the word the direct of God .
23m - Number of Evangelicals who voted for Bush in 2000.
- 23m of Number who Evangelicals voted for Bush in 2000 .
- 23m of Number who Evangelicals voted for Bush in 2000 .
50m- Number of voters in total who voted for Bush in 2000.
50m - Number voters of in total who voted Bush for in 2000 .
50m - of Number in voters who total voted for in Bush 2000 .
46 - Percentage of voters who describe themselves as born-again Christians.
- 46 Percentage of who themselves voters describe as born - again Christians .
- 46 of Percentage who voters describe themselves as born - Christians again .
5 - Number of states that do not use the word "evolution" in public school science courses.
5 - Number of do states that not use the word evolution " " in science school public courses .
- 5 of Number states that do not the use word " evolution " public in courses school science .
My dad just doesn't understand?
My dad doesn just ' understand t ?
My just dad ' doesn t understand ?
Ugh my dad is so stupid... he just doesn't understand anything!
Ugh my is dad so . stupid . he . doesn just ' t understand ! anything
My ugh so dad is . stupid . . he just doesn ' t understand ! anything
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom... he is the only guy in a house of six females.
Have I 5 sisters and including so my mom . . he . the is guy only a in of house six females .
I have 5 sisters so and including mom my . . he . is the only guy house in six a of females .
Now I'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it's a good thing?
Now ' I the m youngest and just I got my period now we so all have and ours he thinks it ' s a good thing ?
Now I ' m the youngest and just got I so my period we now all have ours and he it thinks s ' a thing good ?
He's always like "ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours, I wish I had mine!" and he isn't even joking.
' he s always like " ohh must be you so to happy finally have , yours I wish I had mine ! " he isn and t ' joking even .
' he s like always " you ohh be must happy so finally to have yours I , wish had mine I ! " and he isn ' t even joking .
I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy?
I think just living in a with house many so girls is making him crazy go ?
Think I just in living a house with many so girls is making go him ? crazy
Yep, the females are just getting to him... dads..
Yep the females , are getting just to . him . . dads . .
, yep the females just are getting to him . . . dads . .
Don't blame him please, he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you, please forgive and sympathy if he miss something.
Don ' t please blame him he , feels lonely and wants show to his attention all to of you to look after you please , and forgive if sympathy he miss something .
Don ' t blame him please , he feels lonely and wants show to attention his to all of look you to after you , forgive sympathy please and if miss he something .
I am sorry for him, he is a good dad
I am sorry for him , he a is good dad
I am sorry for him he is , a dad good
Equine collages uk NEED HELP!!!?
Collages equine uk NEED ! HELP ! ! ?
Equine uk NEED collages HELP ! ! ! ?
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 (degrees or foundation degrees) in either:
Somebody can give me the names collages some do that post 18 ( or degrees foundation ) degrees in : either
Somebody can give me the some names that collages do 18 post ( or degrees foundation degrees ) either in :
Horse behaviour/training or
Horse behaviour training / or
Horse behaviour / or training
Equine psychology
Psychology equine
Psychology equine
No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experience.
One no employs from people Hartpury because of what they on received work . experience
One no employs people from Hartpury of because what received they work on experience .
Merrist Wood (I'm there on a NVQ equine course) do HND in equine management.
Wood merrist ( I ' there m NVQ on a equine course ) do HND in management equine .
Wood merrist ( I ' m on there a NVQ equine course ) do HND equine in management .
Your best bet is to look on UCAS and do a course search.
Your is best bet to look on UCAS and a course do search .
Your best bet to is look UCAS on do and a search course .
Merrist Wood in Woking in Surrey.
Merrist Wood Woking in Surrey in .
Merrist in Wood in Woking Surrey .
Moreton Morrell in Coventry, Warwickshire
Moreton Morrell in Coventry Warwickshire ,
Morrell moreton in Coventry , Warwickshire
Hartpury College (I think that is the name, but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion), in Gloucestershire.
College hartpury I ( that think is name the , but you type if it in it come should up with an alternative ) suggestion , in Gloucestershire .
Hartpury ( College I think that is the name , if you but type it in should it come up an suggestion with alternative ) , Gloucestershire in .
Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do.
Go onto the UCAS website , go onto search and course the search for courses you to do want .
Onto go the UCAS , website go course onto and search search for the courses want you do to .
They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply.
' they ll you give a comprehensive of list the all universities do that courses the you want , plus all the information you need to apply .
' they ll you give comprehensive a list of all the that universities do the courses you want , plus the all information need apply you to .
Besides from Pacquiao, what else is The Philipines famous for?
Besides from Pacquiao , what else is The Philipines for famous ?
Besides from Pacquiao , is what The else Philipines famous for ?
Cheap hookers
Hookers cheap
Hookers cheap
You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene.
You shouldn ' t ask this question it ' s intimidating , if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush , thank god many i thinks ' m japanese just because of the way i keep myself , the way i talk and treat , people and i the , way dress so if you don ' want nasty t , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .
You shouldn ' t ask this question it s ' intimidating , if i tell you people what knows about Philippines you will blush , thank god many thinks i ' japanese m just because of the way keep i myself , the way i talk and treat people , and way the dress i , if so you ' don t nasty want , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , irene and .
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country.
Fact Philippines in accept is famous to people these like people mentioned i whose not but helping filipinos the Philippines to plunge in the as pit they are the rot of the country .
Fact in Philippines famous is to accept people like these i people mentioned whose not filipinos but helping Philippines the to in plunge pit as the they are rot the the country of .
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs, as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they be should entering the banned country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten overs left of dinasaurs
They need be to expulse the country from and if are they not there they should be banned the entering to country plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs
Being the texting capital of the world.
The being texting capital of the . world
Being the texting capital of the world .
Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student?
Would you recommend in Limerick living as a ? student
Would recommend living you Limerick in as a student ?
I've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part of my course..if you know about Limerick, what are the pros and cons?
I ' ve been given the opportunity in live to Limerick , Ireland , year next as part of course my . . if you know about , Limerick what the are and pros cons ?
I ' ve given been opportunity the to live Limerick in , Ireland next , year as part of my . course if . know Limerick you about , what are the pros cons and ?
and would you recommend it as a student?
and would recommend you it as a ? student
Would and you recommend as it a student ?
The L.I.T is so close to Moyross, yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross still go there.
The . L . I T is so to close , Moyross yet again the ppl who talk sh * t about Moyross go still . there
The . L I T . is close so to Moyross , again yet the who ppl talk sh t * about still Moyross there go .
Limerick's a great student city, there's loads on, you'll be spoilt for choice.
Limerick s ' a student great city , there s ' loads on , ' you ll for be spoilt choice .
' limerick s a great student city , there ' s loads on , you ' ll be for spoilt choice .
In fact, you probably won't ever want to leave.
Fact in , you won probably ' t want ever to leave .
, in fact you probably won ' ever t want to leave .
Orla got it in one.
Orla got it in . one
Orla got in it one .
Although there is 'bad press' directing at AREA'S of limerick, but nowhere near the university.
Although there is ' bad press ' directing at ' AREA S of , limerick but near nowhere university the .
Although there ' is press bad ' at directing AREA ' of S limerick , nowhere but near university the .
Limerick is such a full city, shopping, night life, career choices, social choices, I came here about 12 years ago for college.....and Orla got it spot on, I haven't left, nor would I.
Limerick such is a full city , shopping , night life career , , choices social , choices came I about here 12 years ago for college . . . . . Orla and got it spot on , haven I ' t left , nor would I .
Limerick such is a full city , shopping night life , career , choices , social choices , came I here about years 12 ago college for . . . . . and got Orla it spot on , I haven ' left t , nor I would .
Its now my home.
Its my now home .
Now its my home .
My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install.
myTouch my 4G with crashes custom most ROMs I install .
myTouch my 4G crashes most with custom ROMs install I .
Can that be fixed?
Can that be ? fixed
That can be fixed ?
I really like the MIUI, but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds.
Really I like the , MIUI a but crashes process repeatedly about every 3 seconds .
I really like the MIUI , but a process crashes repeatedly every 3 about seconds .
And I can't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod.
And I can ' even t newest load the of version Cyanogen Mod .
And I can ' t load even newest version the Cyanogen of Mod .
not by the company... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms
The not by company . . . as voided you warrenty your by installing custom roms
not by company the . . . as voided you warrenty by your installing custom roms
you are best to either recover to the standard ROM, or find one that doesn't crash.
you are best to either to recover the standard ROM , find one or doesn that ' t crash .
are you best to either recover the to standard ROM , find or doesn one that t ' crash .
cynangon mod should work.
cynangon mod work should .
cynangon mod work should .
Have you tried using clockwork recovery?
Have tried you clockwork using recovery ?
You have tried using recovery clockwork ?
Get the older version of Cynagon mod.
The get older version of mod Cynagon .
Get the version older of Cynagon . mod
Also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake.
You also use could a stable rom bugless like beast baked and snake .
Also you could use a rom like stable beast bugless and baked . snake
Those roms focus on speed and stability.
Focus those roms on speed and stability .
Roms those focus speed on and stability .
Or you could just use a home screen launcher replacement.
Or you just could a use home launcher screen replacement .
Or you could use just a screen home replacement launcher .
I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher.
I would recommend go launcher adw launcher or .
I would go recommend or launcher adw launcher .
They are both excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit.
They are both and excellent speed up phone quite the a bit .
They are both excellent and speed the up phone quite a bit .
As a mytouch 4g owner I know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom.
A as mytouch 4g I owner know the phone pretty is and fast their is point no a installing rom .
As a mytouch owner 4g I know the phone is and pretty fast their is no point a installing rom .
Hope you read through this.
You hope read through this .
You hope read through this .
are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place?
are moors the penines and Yorkshire in a lonely eerie place ?
are the moors and penines Yorkshire in a place lonely eerie ?
and how big are they?
and big how are they ?
and how are big they ?
im 33.
33 im .
im . 33
ive never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all...i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window.
never ive to been the moors yorkshire or at penines all . . i . see can the penines in the far distance my bedroom from window .
never ive been to the yorkshire moors or at penines . all . . i can the see penines in far the from my distance window bedroom .
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors.
I when watched in werewolf london ( film great ) that was only the i time saw yorkshire the moors .
I when werewolf watched london in ( great film ) that was the time only i the saw moors yorkshire .
can anyone give me information about them?
Anyone can me give information about them ?
can anyone give me information about them ?
They can be bleak and eerie, often very exposed, often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds, stone circles and settlements--until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands,then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil.
They can bleak be and eerie , often very exposed often covered , with antiquities bronze like age burial mounds , stone circles and settlements - - until late in the bronze age they rich were farmlands , a then change in climate the the caused skies to cloud and over rain wash to the goodness from the soil .
Can they be bleak and , often eerie very exposed , often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds , stone and circles settlements - - until late in the bronze were age rich they farmlands , then a in change the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to the wash from goodness the soil .
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland.
The people abandoned their farms religious and and the sites ground they stood on moorland became .
The abandoned people their farms religious and sites and ground the they on stood became . moorland
They can also be very beautiful when the purple heather is out, and they are habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflowers.
They can also be very beautiful when the purple heather out is , and they are habitat to much wildlife many and species of . wildflowers
They can be also beautiful very when the heather purple is out and , are they habitat to much wildlife many and species of . wildflowers
I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope?
I have a western appy pleasure really heavy thats on her left at lead the ? lope
Have I western pleasure a appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?
My appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope.
My appy is very on heavy lead her left at the lope .
My very appy is heavy on left her lead at the lope .
She seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat...
She seems to lope one stride trot and the next repeat and . . .
To she seems lope one stride and trot the and next . repeat . .
How could I work with her to get off her four hand,get balance, and lope smoothly and slowly??
Could how I work with her to off get her four , hand balance get , and lope slowly smoothly and ? ?
How I could work her with to get off four hand her , get balance , lope and smoothly and ? slowly ?
Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step, it's in the feeling when you feel her think trot, tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving.
Put on of a spurs pair and before she makes trot that step , it ' s the in feeling when you feel think her trot , tick with her the spur and with lift your body keep to moving her .
On put a pair of and spurs before she that trot makes step , it ' s in feeling the when you feel her trot think , tick her the with spur lift and with your body her to keep moving .
If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant.
You if that concentrate on feel just before the trot can you figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant .
If you concentrate on that feel just the trot before you can it figure and out the timing is push essential to her at that instant .
Lope her to the left in circles, keep her head to the inside of the circle and push her but out, keep doing this if she breaks to a jog go a little bit bigger circle, till she can get enough balance to go small and small.circles
Her lope to the left in circles , keep her to head the inside the of circle push and her but out , keep doing this she if to breaks jog a go little a bit bigger circle , till she can get enough balance to go small and small . circles
Her the lope to left in circles , keep head her to the inside the of circle and push but her out , keep doing this if she breaks jog to a go a little bit bigger circle , till she can get enough balance small to go and small . circles
my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA...?
new my OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA . . . ?
new my X940 OLYMPUS DIGITAL . CAMERA . . ?
hi everyone....just hav my hands on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera..wel,i always wanted 2 hav one by sony..but anyways,ended up having olympus X940 from my dad.......does any1 already has it?
hi everyone . . . . hav just my hands on new my X940 OLYMPUS digital camera . . wel i , always 2 wanted hav one by sony . . but anyways , ended having up olympus X940 from my dad . . . . . . . any1 does already it has ?
hi everyone . . . . hav just my hands on my new X940 OLYMPUS digital camera . . wel , i always wanted 2 one hav by sony . . anyways but , ended having up olympus from X940 my . dad . . . . . does . any1 already has it ?
how has ur experience with it?
how ur has experience it with ?
how has ur experience with it ?
is it a gud option for casual/formal functions photography?????
Is it a gud for option casual / functions formal photography ? ? ? ? ?
it is a gud for option casual / formal functions photography ? ? ? ? ?
wht abt its picture quality???
wht its abt picture ? quality ? ?
abt wht its picture ? quality ? ?
is it comparable to sony products or not??
it is to comparable sony or products not ? ?
is it comparable products to sony not or ? ?
it has 14 mega pixel camera...n 4xwide optical zoom...
it has 14 mega camera pixel . . n . optical zoom 4xwide . . .
has it 14 pixel camera mega . . . n optical 4xwide zoom . . .
ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated.......thanks!!!!!!!
ur and answers highly wud reviews be . appreciated . . . . . . thanks ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Answers ur reviews wud and highly appreciated be . . . . . . . ! thanks ! ! ! ! ! !
Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects.
Olympus - X 940 Megapixel 14 Digital Camera has filters can and all do sorts of effects special .
X olympus - 14 940 Megapixel Camera Digital has filters and can all do of sorts special effects .
It is def worth more than the price.
It is def worth more the than . price
It def worth is more than the price .
I am VERY satisfied.
Am I VERY satisfied .
I VERY am satisfied .
A good camera for the plain point and shoot.
A good camera the for point plain shoot and .
A good camera the for plain point . and shoot
My answer is that we don't to text speak here... we type in English.
My answer that is we don ' t to text here speak . . . type we English in .
Answer my we is that don ' text t to speak here . . . we type English in .
Get your English in order before writing here again please.
Get your English in before here order writing again please .
Get your in English order before again writing here please .
dead pixel of my photos?
pixel dead of my photos ?
dead pixel of photos my ?
just want to ask..i have an nikon dslr..im wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200-300percent..i can see some dead pixel...is there something wrong with my camera body?
To just want ask . . i have an nikon dslr . . im why wondering i if zoom my picture zoom almost like 300percent 200 - . . i can see some dead pixel . . . there is wrong something with camera my body ?
just want to ask . . an i nikon dslr have . . im wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200 - . 300percent . i can see some dead pixel . . . is something there wrong with my camera body ?
lens?
? lens
? lens
or what?
What or ?
What or ?
please help me..and what should i do to fix this problem?
please help me . . what and i should to do fix this ? problem
please me help . . and what should i do fix this to ? problem
or it is normal?
or it is ? normal
or it normal is ?
Are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor?
Are you it sure isn ' dirt t on sensor the ?
Are you it sure isn ' on t dirt the sensor ?
Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity
Put the camera on manual focus and focus to infinity set
Put the camera and on manual focus set focus to infinity
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops
Take photo a of a very light plain subject close to the lens exposure long using smallest and you aperture have - expose over a by couple of stops
Take a photo of a very plain light subject close to the lens exposure using long smallest and you aperture have - over expose a by of stops couple
You will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
Will you in see the image if there is dirt as that will the be only thing in focus
You will see in image the there if is dirt as that be the will only in thing focus
Cure is to get the sensor cleaned
Cure to get is the sensor cleaned
Cure is get to the cleaned sensor
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long exposures.
Should there be Pixel Mapping a function the menu in will that get rid of them , most sensors a have few flipped dead and pixels , some only show up on long . exposures
Should there be Pixel a Mapping function the in menu that get will rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some show only up on exposures long .
Chris
Chris
Chris
New Zealand skilled migrant visa?
New Zealand migrant skilled visa ?
New skilled Zealand migrant visa ?
If you apply for a skilled migrant workers visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you can't find something in your own field.
If apply you for a skilled migrant visa workers it and is accepted you do have to find in work the same sector your as skills your on application or can you up other take work if you ' can t find something in your own field .
You if apply for a skilled migrant workers visa it and is accepted have you do to find work in the same sector as your skills on application your or can take you up other if work you can ' t find in something your field own .
I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and can't get any info, does anyone know.???
Have I posted this question the on NZ site visa and ' can get any t info , does know anyone . ? ? ?
Have I posted question this on the NZ site visa and ' can t get any info , does know anyone . ? ? ?
Watch out the poles are coming.....my little butterfly
Out watch the poles are . coming . . . . butterfly my little
Watch the out poles coming are . . . . my . butterfly little
That would be preferable but it doesn't matter, could be something similar
Would that be preferable it but doesn t ' matter could , be something similar
Would be that preferable but it ' doesn matter t , could be something similar
It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa.
On it the depends conditions of your skilled migrant visa .
It on depends the conditions your of skilled migrant . visa
Your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector.
Your visa should say or whether you not restricted are to work a in specific . sector
Visa your should say or whether not you restricted are to work in sector a specific .
If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector.
If your visa not does you restrict from taking any work New in can Zealand then you work in any sector .
If your visa does not you restrict taking from work in New any Zealand then can you work in any sector .
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa.
It only if matters received you an offer of employment or you if are currently working in New and used Zealand that job in your application get to your migrant skilled visa .
It only matters if received offer you an of employment if or are you currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled . migrant visa
In Chicago, what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget?
In Chicago what , is the best restaurant dine at to a on budget ?
Chicago in , what is best the to restaurant at dine on a budget ?
Downtown Chicago, Loop, North
Downtown Chicago Loop , , North
Chicago downtown , Loop , North
Take the red line to Clark, then you turn right.
Take the line red to Clark , then you turn right .
Take the red line to Clark , you then turn right .
Walk 2 blocks then turn right again.
Walk 2 blocks right then turn again .
Walk 2 turn blocks then right again .
Walk 2 more blocks then cross the street.
2 walk more blocks then the cross street .
Walk 2 more cross blocks then the street .
You will get to a place called "BIG BOWL".
You get will to a place called " BIG BOWL " .
You will get to a place called " BOWL BIG " .
THAI FOOD AND ASIAN.
THAI FOOD ASIAN AND .
THAI AND FOOD ASIAN .
BEST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
PLACE BEST EVER ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
BEST EVER PLACE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
McDonalds
McDonalds
McDonalds
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go.
Not necessarily restaurant the but what you order you when get there and time what . you go
Necessarily not the restaurant but order what you when you get and there what time go you .
A lunch will be less expensive than a dinner.
Lunch a will be less than a expensive dinner .
Lunch a will less be expensive than dinner a .
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner.
You can order appetizers than a rather meal full and have just good as dinner a .
You can order rather than appetizers a full have meal and just as a good dinner .
But the best way is to use coupons.
But best way the is to use coupons .
But best way the is to use coupons .
Check out http://www.restaurant.com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices.
Check out : http / / . www restaurant . lots com restaurants of you can at look the menu check and prices out .
Check out http : / www / . restaurant . com of lots restaurants you look can at the menu and check out prices .
Yo also may want to try "small neighborhood" restaurants and support family run places rather than the large corporate chains.
Yo also want may to try " small neighborhood " and restaurants support family run places rather the than large corporate . chains
Yo may also want to try " small neighborhood restaurants " and support run family rather places than the large corporate chains .
Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area.
Not there is that anything with wrong that because also they employ local people that and live shop in area the .
Not there that is anything with wrong that because they also employ people that and local live shop in the area .
Is there any cure for mouse poison?
There any is cure for mouse poison ?
Is any there for cure mouse poison ?
I found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house, and since I was able to catch it very easily (normally mice move at the speed of light), and since it was acting unresponsive, I thought it was infected with mouse poison, since my friend uses it.
Found I a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house since , and I was able to catch it very easily ( mice normally move the speed at of light ) , since and it was unresponsive acting , I thought it was infected with mouse poison , since my friend uses it .
I found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house , and since was I able catch to very it easily ( normally mice move at the speed of light ) , and since it was unresponsive acting , I thought was it infected with mouse poison , since uses my friend . it
I know that the mouse will probably die, but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison?
I know that the mouse will probably , die I but was wondering if there is any cure mouse for ? poison
I know that mouse the probably will die , but was I if wondering is there cure any for mouse poison ?
I just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .
I hate just to see poor the dears experience a death slow painful way that : ( .
I hate just see the to poor dears experience a slow painful death that way : ( .
Without knowing the exact poison, no.
Knowing without the exact poison , . no
Without knowing exact the , poison no .
A common one is arsenic and there really isn't a way to cure that.
Common a one is arsenic and there isn really ' a t way to cure that .
A common is one arsenic there and really isn ' t a way cure to that .
Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use CO2 to put the mouse to sleep.
The take to mouse an emergency vet and have them use to CO2 the put mouse sleep to .
Take the mouse an to emergency vet and them have CO2 use put to the mouse to . sleep
Or, you can put the animal in a snap trap designed for rats or mice since that is the only really humane kill method for invasive animals.
, you or can the animal a put in trap snap designed for rats or mice that since is the only really humane kill method for invasive animals .
Or , you can put animal the a in trap snap designed or for rats since mice that is only the really humane method kill for invasive animals .
A quick cure would be Arm & Hammer to it's head.
Quick a would cure & be Arm Hammer to it ' s head .
A quick cure would be & Arm Hammer to it s ' head .
Crayola Air- Dry Clay?
Crayola Air - Clay Dry ?
Crayola Air - Clay Dry ?
Ok.
. ok
. ok
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend.
So have I a VERY long list of people want I to make Xmas gifts and for of one my them is friend best .
Have so I a VERY list long of people I want to make Xmas gifts for one and of them is my best . friend
She loves giraffes and homemade things!
She giraffes loves and homemade ! things
Loves she and giraffes homemade things !
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture.
I very am so decided artistic I I was going to make her a sculpture giraffe .
I very am so artistic decided I I was going to make a her sculpture giraffe .
I don't have much money so I bought Crayola Air-Dry Clay.
I don t have ' much so I money bought Crayola Air - Dry Clay .
Don I have ' t much money so bought I Crayola Air - Dry Clay .
I have sculpted the giraffe laying down.
Have I the sculpted giraffe laying down .
I have sculpted the laying giraffe . down
The key is...I have a few problems:
The is key . . . I a have problems few :
The key is . . . a I have problems few :
1. I tested it out by making a figure boat
1 . I it tested out by making a figure boat
1 . I out tested it by making a boat figure
And after 4 days when it dried it was very fragile!
And 4 after days when it dried was it fragile very !
After and days 4 when it dried it was fragile very !
(like VERY not in a good way)
( like not VERY a in good way )
( like VERY in not good a way )
Is there any way to strengthen it?
There is way any to strengthen it ?
There is any way strengthen to it ?
2. What kind of paint do I use to paint the giraffe?
2 . What of kind paint do use to I paint the ? giraffe
What 2 kind . of paint do I use to the paint giraffe ?
3. Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln?
3 . Is there way any cheap to give it shine a like made I a it in kiln ?
. 3 Is there cheap any way to it give a shine I like it made in a ? kiln
air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent, so you can leave the wire armature inside, paint with acrylic paint
Dry air clay works on armatures , the clay a has minor shrink , so percent you can leave the wire armature inside , acrylic paint with paint
clay air dry works armatures on , the clay a has minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside paint , with paint acrylic
taking young cat with me for a week out of state?
young taking with cat me for a week of out state ?
taking cat young with me for a out week state of ?
good idea?
Idea good ?
idea good ?
i have a 3-4 month old kitten and i live in forida.
i have a - month 3 4 old kitten and i live forida in .
a I have - 3 4 month old kitten and i live forida in .
i am going to my grandmas in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia.
am going I to my grandmas north in and carolina we are camping going a in cabin in west virginia .
am I going to grandmas my in north carolina and we going are camping in a cabin in virginia west .
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside.
My cat is a cat outside she but it loves inside .
My cat is a outside cat but she it loves inside .
she is also good in a carrier.
she is also in good a . carrier
is she also good in carrier a .
Should i bring her?
I should bring her ?
Should i bring ? her
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside?
if how so quick will she adapt to a litter box inside ?
how if so quick will adapt she to a litter box inside ?
thanks
thanks
thanks
We took our cat Mitten camping.
We took our cat Mitten camping .
Took our we cat Mitten camping .
He loved it.
He loved . it
Loved he it .
But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats).
But he an was inside / outside ( cat only I one - owned rest have been 0nside 100 ) cats .
He was but inside an / outside cat ( only I one - owned rest have 100 been 0nside cats ) .
He was trained to a harness/leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside.
He trained to was harness a / leash outside for time he knew but to use the litter pan inside .
Was trained he to harness a / for leash time outside he but knew to use the litter pan inside .
If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan, you may have a problem taking her.
Your if cat is trained not use to the pan litter , you have may a problem taking . her
Your cat is if not to trained use the litter pan , may you have problem a taking her .
NO!
! NO
! NO
changing its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get depressed, mean, sick, or will not want to be around you.
changing surroundings its often will too stress it out and it will get depressed , mean , sick or , not will to want around you be .
changing its surroundings too often stress will out it it and get depressed will , mean , sick , not or will want to be around . you
What cleaners should I use for dusting around my parakeet?
What cleaners I should use for dusting my parakeet around ?
What cleaners should I dusting use for around my ? parakeet
What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie.
What cleaners I can to use around dust my budgie .
Cleaners what can I use dust to my around budgie .
Would pledge be ok?
Would be pledge ok ?
Would pledge ok be ?
If not, what is?
If not , what ? is
If not , is what ?
Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they don't require cleaner.
Best your would bet be just swiffer duster a - - they don ' t require cleaner .
Your best would bet just be a duster - swiffer - don they ' require t cleaner .
If you must use a cleaner, pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated.
You if must use cleaner a , be pledge should fine if the area that keep you your parakeet in is well ventilated .
If you use must a , cleaner should pledge be fine if the area that keep you your parakeet in is ventilated well .
I have had parakeets for a VERY long time, and I use pledge.
I have parakeets had for VERY a long time , and I use pledge .
I have had parakeets for a VERY long and time , I use pledge .
Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate.
Just keep a window for open while a for fresh air to circulate .
Just keep a window open for a for fresh while air to circulate .
I agree w the answer from Nothing.
I w agree the answer Nothing from .
I agree w the answer from Nothing .
Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is barely damp w water will work fine.
A even cotton cloth I ( like diapers that ) is barely damp w will water fine work .
Even a cloth cotton ( like I diapers ) that is barely damp water w fine will work .
Swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth is excellent.
Or swiffer any type of micro fiber - is cloth excellent .
Or swiffer type any of micro - fiber cloth excellent is .
I use Miracle Cloth, they're fantastic, just don't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them, it ruins their "grabbing" ability.
I Miracle Cloth use , they ' re fantastic , just don ' use t fabric or softener sheets dryer when cleaning them it , ruins their " grabbing " . ability
I Miracle use Cloth they , ' re fantastic don , just ' t fabric use softener dryer or sheets when , cleaning them it ruins their " " grabbing ability .
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird.
http : / / www . solutions . com / . jump jsp ? itemID = 1361 & itemType = PRODUCT & path = 1 % % 2C477 2C3 & iProductID = 1361 If you anything use has a or strong lingering fragrance can bother it potentially injure or bird the .
http : / / www . solutions . com / jump . jsp ? itemID = & 1361 itemType = PRODUCT & path = % 2C3 1 % 2C477 & iProductID 1361 = If anything use you has a strong or lingering fragrance can it bother potentially or injure bird the .
RP: Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid...?
RP Is : it wrong want to to remove contact a because are they really really stupid . . . ?
RP Is : wrong it want to remove to contact a because are they really really stupid . . . ?
I didn't get to read the answers lol :(
Didn I ' t get to the answers read lol : (
Didn I ' t get read to answers the lol : (
I'm not gonna say who, they are on now.
I ' m not gonna say who they , are on now .
' I m not gonna say who , are they now on .
I don't want them to commit suicide or something haha
I don want ' t to them commit suicide or something haha
Don ' I t them want to commit suicide or something haha
LOL Callum
Callum LOL
Callum LOL
nononononono
nononononono
nononononono
its definitely not you.
definitely its not you .
Definitely its not you .
no
no
no
Its not any of you lol
Its not any of lol you
Its not any you of lol
i emailed you saaaaaam.
i emailed saaaaaam you .
i emailed saaaaaam you .
I don't know.
Don I ' t know .
I don ' know t .
how did you know.
did how you know .
did how you know .
it's not me is it!?
it s ' not me it is ! ?
it ' s me is not it ! ?
I'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:
I ' mostly m when joking I talk suicide and about really I m ' that not stupid I just get in stupid D situations :
I ' m mostly when joking I talk about suicide and really I ' m not stupid that just get I in stupid D situations :
iguzwhat lol
lol iguzwhat
Lol iguzwhat
whoooooo?
? whoooooo
? whoooooo
sorry but i can't help my stupidity =(
But sorry i can ' help t stupidity my = (
I sorry can but ' t help my stupidity = (
EDIT: I love how she says it's not callum but doesn't deny it's me....i think we all know who she's talking about...
EDIT : I how love says she it ' not s doesn callum but ' t deny it ' me . s . . . i think we all who she know ' s about talking . . .
EDIT I : she love how says it ' not s doesn callum but ' t it deny ' s me . . . . i think we all know who ' she talking about s . . .
EDIT: now i'm curious...
EDIT now : ' i curious m . . .
: EDIT now ' i m . curious . .
EDIT: How did I know...
: EDIT How did know I . . .
: EDIT How did I . know . .
lol they really aren't that much worse than me
They lol really aren ' t much that worse me than
They lol really aren that ' t much worse than me
and their gpa was better than mine....
and gpa their was than mine better . . . .
and their gpa better than was . mine . . .
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep.ireland and put a irish pay,go dongle init?
can i buy laptop a u in . then k take and it to rep . ireland put and irish a , pay go dongle init ?
can a i buy laptop in . u and then k take to it rep . ireland and put a irish pay go , dongle ? init
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall?
i want to a buy for laptop my girlfriend in ireland would she , able be to use just the dongle she uses for her and put pc it straight in laptop the it and work like normall ?
i want to laptop buy for a my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to use just dongle the uses she for her pc and it straight put in the laptop it and like work normall ?
thanks people
people thanks
people thanks
Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere.
Yes obviously the is USB which region free means you can it use anywhere .
Yes obviously the USB is free region means which you can anywhere use it .
And every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL.
And every computer manufactured both in & Ireland UK the are 2 Region aka PAL .
And every computer manufactured in both Ireland the & UK Region are 2 aka PAL .
There won't be a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital.
There won ' a t be difference since mobile is broadband to supposed be digital .
Won there ' t be a since difference broadband mobile is supposed to be . digital
But word of advice if you're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure its a good brand a not something like DELL, Acer, Asus, eMachines etc.
Of but word advice if you re ' get your girlfriend a make laptop its sure good a brand a not something like DELL Acer , , Asus , eMachines etc .
But word of advice if you re ' your get girlfriend a make laptop its sure a brand good a not something like Acer DELL , , Asus , eMachines etc .
just a heads up.
just a up heads .
just a up heads .
yes of course you can....
yes of course . you can . . .
of course yes you can . . . .
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here
Have I many that friends have laptops bought in the use UK that them here
I have many that friends laptops have bought in the that UK use here them
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question.
If in dongle mean you USB stick then yes USB sticks are any the same were go you : ) hope answered that your question .
If dongle in you mean USB stick then sticks yes USB are the same any you were go : ) hope answered that your question .
How do I take care of my newborn baby fish?
How do I take care of newborn my fish ? baby
How do I take care of my newborn baby ? fish
I am nervous that my other fish will eat them, and I don't know what to feed them!
Am I nervous that my other fish will them eat , and I don ' know t what to them feed !
Am I that nervous my other will fish eat , them and I don ' know t what feed to them !
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank.
I have counted 25 of around them they and currently reside 20 in a gallon tank .
Counted I have around 25 of them and reside they currently in a gallon 20 tank .
You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish (also the parents) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten.
You could move all into the babies a fry breeder net or move all of the bigger fish also ( the parents ) to different a to tank avoid babies the getting . eaten
Could you move all babies the into a fry net breeder move or of all the bigger ( fish also the parents ) to a tank different avoid to the getting eaten . babies
Feed the babies 3-4 times a day with flakes.
Feed the babies 3 - 4 a times day with flakes .
Feed babies the 3 - times 4 day a with flakes .
Provide plenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc in the tank.
Provide plenty of hiding like places rocks , plants , in the etc . tank
Provide plenty of places like hiding rocks , , plants etc in tank the .
Its natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded.
Its natural some for babies to be by eaten adults if and all of them survived tank would your be very . overcrowded
For its natural some babies to be adults eaten by and if all of survived them your tank would be overcrowded very .
Look in the pet stores for "fry food" or "baby fish foods".
In pet look the for stores " fry food " or " baby fish " foods .
In the look stores pet for " fry food or " baby " fish foods " .
what kind of newborn fish you have?
of what kind newborn fish you have ?
what kind newborn of fish have you ?
some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes
parents some would not eat there fish till a certain jack age for dempsey example would not eat there offspring till they but mature would i move the into baby fish smaller a tank and feed them flakes
some parents not would eat there fish a till certain age jack dempsey for example would not there eat offspring till they mature but i would move the baby into fish smaller a tank and them feed flakes
I have a question about McDonald's Monopoly!
Have I question a about McDonald ' Monopoly s !
I have a about question McDonald ' ! s Monopoly
Please HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
! please HELP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
please HELP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If you can?
If you ? can
If can you ?
TEN POINTS!!!!!!!!!!?
! TEN POINTS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
POINTS ! TEN ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
Ok, I know that Mcdonald's has Monopoly going on right now.
Ok , I know Mcdonald that ' s Monopoly has going right on . now
Ok I , know Mcdonald that ' s Monopoly has going right on now .
& I wanna know what food has the game pieces.
& I wanna what know food the has pieces game .
& I wanna know what food has the game . pieces
And what food has EXTRA game pieces.
And food what has game EXTRA pieces .
And food what EXTRA has game pieces .
Because Large Fries give you FOUR PIECES!
Large because give Fries you FOUR PIECES !
Large because Fries you give FOUR PIECES !
When most of the food or drinks I got only included two!
When most the of food or drinks got I included only two !
Of when most the food or drinks I only got included two !
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD!
Can somebody so please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces , and number the of pieces you game get with FOOD THAT !
So can somebody please ALL of list the includes food that game the pieces , and number the of game you pieces get THAT with FOOD !
PLEASE!!!!!!
! PLEASE ! ! ! ! !
! PLEASE ! ! ! ! !
The person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS!!!!!!!
The person who best explains this , and me helps out the best with my be question will WITH REWARDED TEN POINTS ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The person who best this explains , and me helps out the with best question my will be WITH REWARDED TEN ! POINTS ! ! ! ! ! !
PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!!
! PLEASE HELP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
! PLEASE HELP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
THANK YOU ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! D :
YOU ! THANK ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! D :
scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy (:
scroll this down and website shows thing each you can buy ( :
and scroll down this website shows each you thing can buy ( :
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/Main/Gameboard
: http / www / . . playatmcd / com en - us / Main Gameboard /
: http / www / playatmcd . . com / en - us Main / Gameboard /
4 Peels:
Peels 4 :
Peels 4 :
- 20 piece Chicken McNuggets
- 20 Chicken piece McNuggets
- 20 piece McNuggets Chicken
- Large fries
- fries Large
Large - fries
2 Peels:
Peels 2 :
Peels 2 :
- Big Mac
Big - Mac
Big - Mac
- 10 piece Chicken McNuggets
10 - piece Chicken McNuggets
10 - piece Chicken McNuggets
- Medium Fountain Drink
- Medium Drink Fountain
- Medium Drink Fountain
- McCAFE Drink
- Drink McCAFE
- Drink McCAFE
- Filet-O-Fish
- Filet - O Fish -
- - Filet O - Fish
- Hash Browns
Hash - Browns
- Browns Hash
- Egg McMuffin, Sausage
- McMuffin Egg , Sausage
- McMuffin Egg , Sausage
- Fruit & Maple Oatmeal
- Fruit & Oatmeal Maple
- Fruit & Oatmeal Maple
bearded dragon spikes?
dragon bearded spikes ?
bearded spikes dragon ?
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes/spines (whatever you call them) on their side and face area ever go hard.
bit stupid of a but do question the / spikes spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face ever go hard area .
bit of a question stupid but the do spikes / spines whatever ( you call them ) side on their face and area go ever . hard
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them
Are or they just supposed to look like they are nothing so will try eat to them
They or are just supposed look to like they are nothing will so try to eat them
becca is right .
is becca right .
is becca right .
iv owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time.. they dont go hard lik eneedle hard but they arnt pillow soft.
iv owned for ovr beardies 3 and yrs i mine handle the all time . . go they dont hard lik hard eneedle but they arnt pillow soft .
Beardies iv owned for ovr 3 yrs handle and mine i all the time . . they dont hard go lik eneedle but hard arnt they pillow soft .
they use them to look prickly.. would you try to eat a cactus [if u had no knife] i know i wouldnt.
they them use to look prickly . . would you try eat to a cactus [ u if had no knife ] i know i . wouldnt
use they to them look prickly . . would try you to eat a cactus if [ had knife u no ] i know i . wouldnt
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if ur holding them to tight :)
Puff they out to bigger look and badder they and scratch can you a lil if them ur holding to tight : )
puff they out to bigger look and and badder they you can scratch a if lil ur holding them to tight : )
Theyre not really hard.
Theyre not hard really .
Theyre not hard really .
Beardies are actually quite delicate.
Are beardies actually quite delicate .
Beardies are actually delicate quite .
I'm assuming it's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies.
I ' m ' assuming it scare s to predators off / like how will they puff up their spikes neck make to them look bigger to predators enemies or .
I ' it m assuming ' s scare to off predators / like how they will up puff their neck to spikes them make look bigger predators to or enemies .
they dont hurt unless your stupid enough to press on them.
dont they hurt unless your stupid enough to them press on .
Dont they hurt unless your enough stupid to on press them .
They just are there as an adaptation.
Just they are there an as adaptation .
They are there just as an adaptation .
what is a kimberwick bit used for?
what is a kimberwick used bit ? for
is what a kimberwick bit used ? for
Used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking, hunting and doing cross country.
Used as a for help are horses that quite while strong pullers hacking , hunting and doing country cross .
Used a for as horses help that are strong quite pullers while hacking , and hunting doing cross country .
It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues.
It is a curb with bit a ported mouth and piece some horses appreciate to this give them more in room their for their . mouths tongues
Is it curb a with bit ported a piece mouth some and horses appreciate this give to them more room in their for mouths their tongues .
It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein, though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins.
It is not as precise as a pelham bit because only it uses one rein , though the modern have ones three two on or which slots to put the reins .
It is precise not as as a pelham bit because it only uses one , rein though the modern ones or have two three which slots on to put the reins .
The lower the reins, the stronger the action and the lower the reins the stronger the action on the poll too.
The lower the reins , the stronger action the the and the reins lower stronger the the action on the too poll .
The lower the reins , the the stronger action the and the lower the reins the stronger action on the too poll .
Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently.
For useful younger kids do who have not big enough hands the or to ability handle reins two independently .
Useful kids for younger who do have not big enough or hands the ability to handle two reins independently .
For horses that are strong pullers.
For horses that strong are . pullers
Horses for that strong are pullers .
It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure.
Just it gives a little you leverage and curb pressure .
It gives just you a little leverage curb and . pressure
It's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle.
' it s nice for horses need that a little more a snaffle than .
It s ' nice for horses that need little a than more snaffle a .
I know that's vague, but it depends on the horse.
I know that ' vague s , but depends it on the horse .
I that know ' s vague it , but depends the on horse .
The rider needs to have independent hands as well, because you do NOT want to pull too hard on a bit like that. ;)
The rider to needs have independent as hands well , because you do NOT want to too pull a hard on like bit that . ; )
The rider needs to have independent as hands , well because you NOT do want to too pull hard on bit a that like . ; )
How long to save up for a canon t3i?
How long to save up for canon a t3i ?
Long how to save for up canon a t3i ?
I want to save up for a canon t3i, around 750-800 + :(
I to want save up for t3i a canon , around 750 - 800 + : (
I want save to up for a canon t3i , 750 around - + 800 : (
I'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch, sometimes a bit more, I plan to save 10 dollars every week :)
I ' m currently and 12 I 20 get about dollars a for week lunch sometimes , a bit more , plan I to dollars save 10 week every : )
I ' 12 m and currently I get about 20 dollars a week for , lunch a sometimes more , bit plan I to 10 save dollars every week : )
My birthday is in november and I get about .... 150 or more since i hate my dads family.. haha
My in birthday is and november I about get . . . . 150 more or since hate i my dads family . haha .
Birthday my is november in and I about get . . . . 150 or more i since family hate my dads . . haha
Chinese new year ~ 300
New chinese year ~ 300
Chinese new year 300 ~
christmas ~ 100
christmas 100 ~
christmas 100 ~
and yeaa...
and . yeaa . .
Yeaa and . . .
Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save/gain money? :O
Can someone how cunclude long might it me take to save up for the canan or t3i some tips extra to save / money gain ? : O
Someone can how cunclude long it might me take save up to for canan the t3i or some extra tips save to gain / money ? : O
Hey,
, hey
, hey
Be happy you get a bit, many of us never got nothing :)
Happy be you get a bit , many us never of nothing got : )
Be happy you get , a bit many us of never nothing got : )
There's a Canon EOS T2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen.
There ' s a Canon EOS T2i with exact , the same sensor , just no articulating screen .
There ' s EOS a Canon T2i , with the exact same sensor , just screen articulating no .
It's around $100 less, which means you get the same camera but quicker!
It ' around s $ less 100 , means which you the get same but camera quicker !
It s ' around $ 100 less , which you means get the quicker same camera but !
Here's a DSLR Buying Guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
Here ' s DSLR a Buying Guide - http : / www / . the - - dslr photographer com . 2009 / / 11 / which dslr - to - buy - /
Here ' s a Buying DSLR http Guide - : / / . www - the dslr photographer - . / com / 11 2009 / which - - dslr to - buy /
Don't worry about it.
Don ' t about worry . it
Don ' worry t it about .
If you can't even do basic math, you'll never figure out how to use a DSLR camera properly.
You if can ' even t do basic math , you ' never ll figure out how to a use camera DSLR properly .
If can you ' t do even basic math , you ' figure ll never how out to use camera a DSLR properly .
hey kido u made me smile
hey kido u made smile me
hey u kido made me smile
does the POP drying time slow down if it not exposed to air?
The POP does drying time slow down if it to not exposed air ?
does the POP drying slow time down if it exposed not to air ?
its for a craft project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing....
For a its craft project . . . . . i want it to use the u way would use icing . . . .
Its for a project craft . . . . . i to want use it way the would u icing use . . . .
took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud"
took a bit of to searching discover that POP probably is PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster Paris of will slow way if down is it not exposed to air - in fact , if are you building up plaster ( " the way you would icing " ) to do sculpting , which is rather uncommon , you the keep plaster set damp in order to add unset more plaster you or have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster " mud "
took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP plaster - of Paris and yes of plaster Paris will way slow down if it is exposed not air to - in fact , if you are building plaster up ( " the way you would icing " ) to do sculpting , which is rather uncommon , you keep the set plaster damp in order add more to unset plaster you or have to wet the where area you will be adding plaster " mud "
Plaster of Paris does two things
Of plaster Paris does two things
Plaster Paris of does two things
- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and
- sets it chemically - gets warm to hot then cools hard down and and
- it - chemically sets gets to warm hot then cools and down hard and
- it dries out, losing the water that is soaked into the set structure
- it out dries , losing the water is that soaked the into structure set
- it dries out , the losing water that is into soaked the set structure
For example, a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#LGGOBPROJ
For example , a set plaster mold that to is be used clay for slip casting must be dry - it gets pulling wet the water out of slip the - while a set plaster mold used for wax molding must be soaking damp or wet http : / / www . mikegigi . / com castgobl . htm LGGOBPROJ #
For example , a set plaster mold that to is be used slip for clay casting must be dry - it gets wet the pulling out water the of slip - a while plaster set mold used for molding wax must be soaking damp or wet http : / / www . mikegigi com . / castgobl . htm # LGGOBPROJ
Dwarf Hamster Making Too Much Noise On Wheel at Night?
Dwarf Hamster Too Much Making Noise Wheel On at Night ?
Dwarf Making Hamster Too Noise Much On Wheel Night at ?
I'm getting a dwarf Hamster tomorrow And i was just talking to my Mom and she said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep But i told her no because i said their energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers But i heard their are wheels that dont make noise at all what would be the price of it?
I ' getting m a dwarf Hamster tomorrow And i was just to talking my Mom and she said that we have to out take the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep But i told her no because i said their at energetic night at my is room door right next to hers But i heard their are wheels that dont make noise at all what would the be price of it ?
' I m a getting dwarf Hamster tomorrow And i was just talking to my Mom she and said that we have to take out the wheel night because at it would her disturb sleep But i told her no because i said their energetic at night at my is room right next door to hers But i their heard wheels are that dont make noise at all what would the be price of it ?
I'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise .
' I m sure quite , you ' don t even have buy to another all , need you to do , is pour to some oil the on wheel , or even put some rubber it on ' s edges , the part that is making noise the .
I m ' quite , sure you don ' t even have to buy another all , to you need do , is to some pour oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber it on ' s edges the , part that is making the noise .
That might work
Might that work
Might that work
Super Pet Silent Spinner Exercise Wheel
Pet super Silent Spinner Exercise Wheel
Pet super Silent Spinner Exercise Wheel
Our Price: $10.99 to 12.99 PETSMART!
Price our : $ 10 . 99 12 to . PETSMART 99 !
Our Price : 10 $ 99 . to 12 . 99 ! PETSMART
works well lasts long.
Well works lasts long .
works lasts well long .
I have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it -
Have I a hamster dwarf who HATES his and wheel doesn ' t it use -
I have hamster a dwarf who HATES his wheel and doesn ' t use it -
he makes so much MORE noise, as he plays and digs and jumps (seriously)
he makes much so MORE , noise he as and plays and digs jumps ( seriously )
he makes so much MORE noise , as plays he and and digs jumps ( seriously )
wheels are relatively noiseless -
are wheels relatively noiseless -
Are wheels relatively noiseless -
a few squeaks from a wheel are better than the full wrath of a bored pet!
squeaks a few from wheel are a better than the full wrath of bored a pet !
few squeaks from a a wheel are than better the full wrath of a pet bored !
Change of boarding station?
Of change boarding station ?
Change of station boarding ?
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter?
Can how I change my station boarding against the I ticket booked a month back from counter ?
Can how I change my station boarding against the ticket I booked a month back counter from ?
My origin Station is Howrah, but I want to board at Asansol..
My origin Station is Howrah , I want but to at Asansol board . .
Origin my Station is , Howrah but I want board to Asansol at . .
Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah?
Does train your pass when Asansol starting from ? Howrah
Train does your pass Asansol starting when from Howrah ?
If yes, you don't need to change it because you board later.
If yes , you don ' need t to change it board because later you .
Yes if , you don ' t to need change because it you later board .
If no, you'll have to go to one of the train stations.
If , no you ' ll to have go of to one the train stations .
If no , you ll ' to have go to of the one train stations .
In Calcutta there is a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very well.
Calcutta in there is a Foreigner reservation ' s where office they speak English very . well
In Calcutta there is Foreigner s a reservation ' office where they speak English very . well
I don't remember near which station it is though.
Don I t ' remember near station which it is though .
I don ' t remember near which station it is . though
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones?
They help can you and it close is to a station train in Calcutta check so few a ones big ?
Can they help and you it is to close a station train in Calcutta so a check few ones big ?
Even if you don't find the foreigner's office you'll be fine in the normal Reservation Office of any big train station.
You even if don ' t find foreigner the ' s office you ' ll be in fine the normal Reservation Office of big any train . station
Even if don you ' t the find foreigner ' s you office ' fine ll be the in Reservation normal of Office any big train station .
This is where you can get AND change express train tickets.
Where this is you can get AND change express train . tickets
Is this you where can get AND change express train . tickets
well if your desired boarding station comes after more than 2 or 3 halts of the actual boarding point, then the TC will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to others.
well if your desired station boarding after comes than more or 2 3 halts of the actual boarding , point then the will TC cancel you ticket allot and the seat others to .
well your if desired boarding station comes after more than or 2 3 halts the of actual point boarding , then the TC cancel will ticket you allot and seat the to others .
so better inquire in railway office
so inquire better in railway office
better so inquire in railway office
Contact the Indian railways.
Contact the railways Indian .
The contact Indian railways .
You might end up as a no show passenger.
You might end as up a no show passenger .
You might end as up no a passenger show .
petsmart application?
application petsmart ?
application petsmart ?
my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in May adn of this year and i love animals and i'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister's deli and i', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i dont care about how much you guys pay and i've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i m ' 19 years old and i graduated from high in May adn of this year i and love animals i and ' m great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister ' s deli and i ' , a mormon and i hvae changed be to a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier i and ' m willing work to whenever you need me but i go to church every on sunday and i have a doctor ' s appointment this thursday at 2 ; 30 and hope i you h = guys hirier me because i work very hard and i dont care how about much you guys pay and i ' ve been looking for a job ever i since have graduated and i hate drama
my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i ' 19 m years old and i graduated from high in May adn of this year and i love animals and i ' great m at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister ' deli s and i ' , a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are to wanting hirier and i m willing ' to work whenever you me need but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor ' s appointment this thursday at 2 ; and 30 i hope you h = guys hirier because me i work very hard and i dont care about how much you guys pay and i ' ve been looking for a job ever since i graduated have and i hate drama
Jeez, work on your spelling and punctuation.
Jeez work , on your and spelling punctuation .
Jeez , on work your and spelling punctuation .
It makes a huge difference.
It makes huge a difference .
It makes a difference huge .
No one's going to hire you if you can't even spell, especially if you're a high school graduate.
No one s ' to going you hire you if can ' t even spell , if you especially ' re a high school . graduate
No one ' to s going you hire if you can ' even t spell , especially you if ' re a school graduate high .
Cover letters and resumes need to be perfect.
Cover and letters resumes need to be . perfect
Letters cover and resumes need be to perfect .
No one's going to take you seriously if they're full of typos and whatnot.
No one ' to s going take seriously you if ' they re full of and typos whatnot .
One no s ' going to take you seriously if they ' re of full whatnot typos and .
Sorry, I would put that application in the round file.
Sorry , would I put that in application the round . file
Sorry , would I that put application in the file round .
Nope
Nope
Nope
Canadian student visa, can I used for other schools?
Canadian student , visa can I for used schools other ?
Student canadian visa , I can used other for schools ?
I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada, I received one that is valid until October of 2015.
I applied to a get to student study visa in Canada , I that received one is valid until October of 2015 .
I applied to get a visa student to study in Canada I received , one is that valid October until 2015 of .
Problem is, for some reason, the visa process took longer than it should, thus I missed school this semester (visa was issued to me about 25 days after school started so I couldn't attend), now I no longer want to go into that school (because they only would accept me again on September of 2012), I found a school that accepted me for may 2012, can I use the same visa that was issued to me?
Problem is , for some reason , visa the process longer took than it should , thus I missed school this semester ( visa was issued to me about 25 days after school started so I couldn t ' attend ) , I now no want longer to go into that school ( because they would only accept me again on of September 2012 ) , I found a school accepted that me for may 2012 , can I use the visa same that was to issued me ?
Problem is , for some reason , visa the process took longer than it , should thus missed I school this semester ( visa was issued to me about days 25 after school started so couldn I ' t attend ) , now I no longer want go to into that ( school because they only would accept me again on September of 2012 ) , I found a school that accepted for me may 2012 , can I use the visa same that was to issued me ?
or do I need to reapply ?
do or I need to ? reapply
do or I to need reapply ?
(in the visa itself, it does not mention anything about which school I m suppose to attend, and problem is, the embassy here in DC are not too nice and would never answer ANY questions....) any advice please?
( visa in the itself it , does not mention anything about which I school to m attend suppose , and problem is , the embassy here in DC are not too nice would and never ANY answer questions . . . . ) advice any please ?
( in the visa itself , it does not mention anything which about school I m to suppose attend and , problem is the , embassy in here DC are too not nice and never would answer ANY questions . . . . ) any please advice ?
Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada, and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them.
Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada , and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them .
Visas and Study Permits are by administered and Citizenship Canada Immigration , and questions any applications regarding be should directed to them .
So best advice is to go to the C&IC website and click "contact us" - http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp
So best advice is go to the to & C IC website click and contact " " us - http : / / www . . cic gc ca . / index english / . asp
So best advice to is go to C the website & IC and click " us contact " - http : / / www cic . . gc . ca / / index english . asp
How Do you Prevent A Dwarf Hamster Escaping From The Cage?
How Do you A Prevent Hamster Dwarf Escaping From The ? Cage
How you Do Prevent A Dwarf Escaping Hamster From Cage The ?
Im getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT!!!
Im getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and my if escaped hamster my because FREAK mom OUT will ! ! !
Dwarf im getting a hamster tomorrow and saw i videos on of them youtube and escaping if my hamster escaped because my mom FREAK will OUT ! ! !
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it cant escape i can buy it a wheel
would it help getting aquarium an cage or a plastic see through box so it cant escape i can buy it wheel a
would help it getting aquarium an or cage a see plastic through box so it cant escape i can buy it a wheel
I've never had a dwarf hamster but I've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it can't out.
I ' ve never had a dwarf hamster but I ' ve the same had problem pet with my rat I put some wiring chicken around it the I got from home depot and it now can ' t out .
I ' ve never a had dwarf hamster I but ' had ve the same problem with my pet I rat put wiring some chicken the around I it got from home depot and now it ' can t out .
Yes I've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good
Yes I ' ve had 53 different kinds rodents of two and were dwarf hamsters they flatten a into pancake slide through and right bars the are and able to open the door so yes plastic a cage will good be
Yes I ve ' 53 had different kinds of and rodents two dwarf were hamsters they into flatten a pancake slide and right through and the bars are able open to the door yes so a plastic cage will be good
Hi
Hi
Hi
This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from:
This is the cage I have is whhich pretty much IMPOSSIBLE escape to from :
This is the I cage have is pretty whhich IMPOSSIBLE much to escape from :
http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986
: http / www / . . petsathome com shop / combi / - 1 - dwarf hamster - - cage by - - - ferplast 15986
: http / www / petsathome . . com / / shop combi 1 - - hamster dwarf - - cage - by ferplast - - 15986
I love this cage, it's easy to clean, very spacious and fun for the hamster
Love I this cage , it s easy ' to clean , very and spacious fun for hamster the
I this love , cage it ' easy s to clean , spacious very and fun for hamster the
Aquiriums are good also, but provide a mesh top for an easy airway.
Aquiriums also are good , but provide a mesh top for easy an . airway
Aquiriums good are , also but a mesh provide top for an easy airway .
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really, unless the bars have less than half a cm between them.
Cages wire are acceptable NOT for dwarfs really , unless the have less bars than half a cm between them .
Wire are cages acceptable NOT dwarfs for really , unless bars the less have than a half cm between them .
regards and have fun with your hammy
and regards have fun with hammy your
regards and have fun hammy with your
Rachel
Rachel
Rachel
Travelers guide - For the young and unknowledgeable?
Travelers guide - For the young and unknowledgeable ?
Guide travelers - For young the and unknowledgeable ?
I am 17 years old.
I 17 am years old .
I 17 am years old .
I do not get along with my family.
I do not get with my along family .
Do not I get along with my family .
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment.
I dislike this urban and society want to leave this whole enviroment .
Dislike I this urban society and want to leave whole this . enviroment
I am very unhappy here.
I am very here unhappy .
I am very here unhappy .
I don't know the best way of doing it.
I don ' t know the way best of doing it .
Don I t ' know the way best of doing it .
Would it be best for me to finish college?
It be would best for to me finish college ?
Would it best be for to me college finish ?
wait for 18th birthday?
for wait 18th birthday ?
for wait 18th birthday ?
I live in London.
I live London in .
I in live London .
I want to go travelling.
I want go to travelling .
I want to go . travelling
My parents do not like me, They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18.
My parents not do like me , reassure They constantly me that they will throw me out home when of I turn 18 .
My parents do not me like , They constantly me reassure that will they throw me out home of when I 18 turn .
I don't particularly want to stay with them atm either.
I don ' particularly t to want stay with them either atm .
I don ' particularly t want to stay them with either atm .
But right now its the most convenient thing to do.
Right but its the now most convenient thing to do .
But now right its most the convenient thing do to .
Anyway Advice for travelling.
Anyway Advice for . travelling
Advice anyway for travelling .
What is the best way of doing it?
What the is best of way doing it ?
Is what the best way of it doing ?
Hotels for travelling will be expensive.
Hotels for travelling be will . expensive
Hotels for will travelling be . expensive
anybody is open to answers but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience.
anybody is open to but answers I would much with prefere somebody experience traveling .
anybody open is but to answers I would much somebody prefere with traveling experience .
I want to go all over :) I don't have a set route yet.
I go want to all over : ) don I ' t have set a yet route .
I want to all go over : ) I ' don t a have route set . yet
Get a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanket.
Get back a and pack sleeping bag or good warm . blanket
A get pack and back sleeping bag or good warm blanket .
Wool is best.
Wool best is .
Is wool best .
Light ,warm, but also itchy.
, light warm , also but itchy .
Light , warm , but also itchy .
Hit the road.
Hit the . road
The hit road .
You can always beg for spare change when you get hungry.
You always can for beg spare when change you get hungry .
You can always beg for spare change when get you hungry .
Should get some survival skills before setting out on your own.
Should get some survival skills setting before on your out own .
Get should some survival skills before setting on out your . own
Vietnamese girl's name, Mayko?
Girl vietnamese ' s , name Mayko ?
Girl vietnamese ' name s , Mayko ?
I always thought Mayko or Meiko is a Japanese name.
I thought always Mayko or Meiko is a Japanese name .
I always thought Mayko Meiko or a is Japanese . name
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name?
The Regenesis Canadian actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection is or it her fake name ?
The Canadian Regenesis Mayko actress has Nguyen Japanese or connection is her it fake name ?
Right, I couldn't find any proven source for that.
Right I , couldn ' t any proven find source for that .
Right , I couldn ' t any find source proven that for .
And her last name, Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name...anyone?
And her name last , Nguyen is typical a name Vietnamese family . . anyone . ?
Her last and name , is a Nguyen typical Vietnamese name family . . . anyone ?
Certainly, Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam, only in Vietnam.
Certainly , Nguyen is the one of names of first many people in Vietnam only , in Vietnam .
Certainly , is Nguyen the first one of names of many in people Vietnam , only Vietnam in .
Mayko is relating to the Japanese.
Mayko to is relating the Japanese .
Mayko relating is the to Japanese .
In Vietnam, when a baby was born, they must be named "first name" according to that of their fathers.
Vietnam in , when baby a born was , they must be named " first " name according to of that . their fathers
In Vietnam , when a was baby born , must they named be " name first according " to their that of fathers .
It's principle except a number of cases, for example, the babies are orphans or not to have father.
It ' s principle except number a cases of , for example , the babies are or orphans not to father have .
It ' s principle except a number of , cases example for , the babies orphans are or not have to father .
E.g.
. e g .
. e g .
Full name of the father is: "Nguyen Thanh Luan" ===> Full name of the son/daughter certainly is " Nguyen..........", for instance, "Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan".
Name full the father of : is " Nguyen Thanh Luan " = = = > name Full of son the certainly / daughter is Nguyen " . . . . . . . . . . " , for instance , Nguyen " Thi Thuy Lan " .
Name full of father is the : " Nguyen Thanh " Luan = = = > Full of name the son / daughter certainly Nguyen is " . . . . . . . . . . " , for instance , " Thi Nguyen Thuy Lan " .
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain "First name" in order to recall about their origination.
But if the babies were born in so American they named in would other but way remain still " First in name " order to about recall their . origination
But the if born babies were in so American they would named in way other still but " remain First name " in order recall about to their origination .
I'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese.
' I m pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese .
I m ' pretty sure Mayko that Japanese is .
She is a Canadian born Vietnamese.
She is born a Canadian Vietnamese .
Is she a born Canadian Vietnamese .
I'm not sure where her first name is from...
I ' m not where sure first her is from name . . .
I ' m not her sure first where name is . from . .
I have a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph line?
I a have splitter / filter between my ADSL and ph line ?
I a have / splitter filter my between ADSL and ph line ?
I have 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filter, I'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have disconnected the other phone without one.
I have 2 phones running the on same line and the ADSL is which to connected of one phones the and the filter , I ' m still getting a noise buzzing even when I have disconnected the phone other one without .
I have 2 phones on running the same line and the ADSL which connected is to one the of phones and filter the , I ' m still getting a buzzing noise when even have disconnected I the phone other without one .
Why is it stil doing this even though I don't have the other phone connected?
Why it is stil doing even this I though don ' t the have phone other connected ?
Why it is doing stil though this even I don ' t have other the phone connected ?
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well?
Woud it better be I if another filter got connected and the other phone as well ?
It be woud better if got another I filter and connected other the phone as well ?
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there... could be static on the line... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL....
The turn modem off and see sound if the is still there . . could . be on static the . line . . if the is sound still there with the modem then off the problem is the NOT . DSL . . .
modem turn the and off see if the sound is still there . . . could be static on line the . . . the if sound is still with there modem the then the off problem is the NOT DSL . . . .
if the trouble goes away with the modem off, then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered, this would include the alarm system, fax machine, satellite boxes, phones, etc...
if the trouble away goes the with modem off , make then sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT is the modem filtered , this include would the alarm system , machine fax , satellite , boxes phones , etc . . .
if trouble the away goes with the modem off then , make sure EVERYTHING that EXCEPT modem the is filtered , this include would alarm the system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones etc , . . .
if everything is filtered, and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there, try doubling up on the filters...
everything if is filtered , you and still problem have this - try changing the filter - if it still is there try , up doubling on the filters . . .
if everything is filtered and , still you have problem this - try changing filter the - it if is still there , up doubling try the on filters . . .
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connects.
Either you need a filter for device each except the DSL modem , or a whole which home filter filters all the jacks , except the one the DSL which modem connects .
You either need filter a for each device the DSL except modem , a or home whole which filter all filters the jacks except , the one which the DSL modem connects .
Best way to change 35mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about?
Best change to way 35mm film in Holga whilst 120 out and about ?
Best way to change 35mm Holga film in 120 whilst out and about ?
I've modified my Holga 120 to take 35mm film and I know that you can't wind the film back, you have to open the back of the camera (in a darkroom) to rewind the film.
I ' modified ve my Holga take 120 to 35mm and film I that know can you ' wind t the film back , you have to open the back of the ( in camera a darkroom ) to the rewind film .
I ' ve modified Holga my 120 to take 35mm and I film know that can ' you t the wind film back you , have to open the back of the camera ( a in darkroom ) to rewind the film .
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling?
Do what other Holga owners do when need they to film change they when traveling are ?
What do other Holga owners they do when need to change film when they are ? traveling
Do you just take a changing bag with you?
Do you just take a with bag changing you ?
Do you just take a changing bag you with ?
Whats the easiest thing?
The whats easiest thing ?
Whats the easiest ? thing
Well a changing bag would be the easiest solution.
Well changing a bag would be solution the easiest .
Well changing a bag be the would easiest solution .
It's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera.
' it light proof s and makes sure you no get when problems opening the camera .
It ' s proof light and sure makes you get problems no when opening the camera .
You can work comfortably and make sure your film is not scratched etc.
Can you work comfortably and make sure your film not is scratched etc .
Can you comfortably work and make sure film your not is scratched etc .
It's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you're outside.
It ' s really difficult find to a place that absolutely is dark and accessible to when you you ' outside re .
It ' s difficult to really find place a is that dark absolutely and accessible to you you when ' re outside .
A changing bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag.
Changing a bag folds neatly and not does take much space in your bag .
A changing bag folds and neatly does take not much space in your bag .
A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field.
A film is changing bag a handy way your of unloading exposed film in the . field
A changing film bag is a handy of way exposed unloading your film in field the .
Many online stores carry them, like Adorama:
Many stores online carry , them like Adorama :
Many online stores them carry , Adorama like :
http://www.adorama.com/BLCBS.html
http : / / . www adorama . com BLCBS / html .
: http / / www . . adorama / com BLCBS . html
I have a few how to videos for DIY 35mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channel:
Have I few a how to for videos DIY film 35mm a in 120 camera on my channel YouTube :
I have a few to videos how DIY for 35mm in film a camera 120 on my YouTube : channel
http://bit.ly/kPlaylists
: http / bit / . ly / kPlaylists
http : / bit / . ly kPlaylists /
For more info on lo-fi photography, check put my website:
For more info - on lo fi photography , put check my : website
More for info on lo fi - photography , check my put : website
http://dianacamera.com
http : / / . com dianacamera
http : / / . com dianacamera
Should the statue of David be censored?
Should the statue of censored David be ?
Should of the statue David be censored ?
I'ma sophomore in highschool doing a presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher is making us censor the Statue of David.
I ' ma in sophomore highschool doing a presentation on Arts Italian and teacher my is making us censor Statue the of . David
' I sophomore ma in highschool a doing presentation on Arts Italian my and teacher is making us censor Statue the of . David
My argument is it's art and therefore should not be censored he's making us censor it who's right
My argument it is ' s and art therefore should be not censored he s ' us making it censor who ' right s
My argument it is ' s and art should therefore be not censored s he ' us making censor it who ' s right
no,it's only a body of a young man
, no it s ' only a body of a man young
no , it ' only a s of body a young man
the city of florence did at one time in the past put clothes on the statue
the city florence of did at one time the past in put on clothes the statue
the city florence of did one at in time the past put clothes on statue the
An art teacher in the mid-cities area of Dallas/Ft.Worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw "nudes" in the museum.
Art an in teacher the - mid area cities of Dallas / Ft . Worth metro got fired she because took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent that discovered they saw " nudes " in the museum .
An art teacher in the mid - cities area of Dallas / Ft . Worth metro got because fired she took an art class approved on an field trip with parental for permission each student some and hysterical parent discovered they that saw " nudes " in the museum .
You don't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls/women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display?
You don ' t think because is was of nudes female considering nearly the naked girls / women at seen pools beaches and and the completely naked that manikins show in up windows store in malls changes during in display ?
Don you ' t is think was because of female nudes considering the nearly girls naked / seen women at pools and and beaches the completely naked manikins that show in up store windows in during changes display malls in ?
No, it was guys.
, no it was guys .
, no it was guys .
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job.
Your knows teacher what goes on in community your wants and to her keep job .
Teacher your knows what goes on in your community and wants to her keep job .
Let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he/she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job.
Her let do - it argue you when are of age and can battle other the adults in your community - skipping course of telling your boss / he she is prudish ignoramus a because you want keep to your . job
Her let do it - argue when are of you age and can battle the other adults your in community - course skipping of telling boss your he / is she a prudish you ignoramus because want to keep your job .
Better Steakhouse in Philadelphia?
Better Steakhouse in ? Philadelphia
Steakhouse better in Philadelphia ?
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak.
I am my taking wife out for our year first wedding and we anniversary agree both that we a want good steak .
I am taking wife my out our for first wedding year anniversary and we both that agree we a want steak good .
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close.
Are staying we a at hotel in Center City Philadelphia I so wanted something close .
Are we at staying a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so wanted something I close .
I have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu...
Spent I the have afternoon looking from around menu to menu . . .
I have spent afternoon the around looking menu from menu to . . .
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments.
I have looked also at the photo for an galleries inside look at the decor of the restaurants and narrowed I have it down to establishments three .
Also I have looked the at galleries photo for an inside look at of the decor the restaurants and have I narrowed it down to establishments three .
I have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome.
Have I been never of to any these places so suggestions any and or advice be would most welcome .
I have been to never any of places these any so and suggestions or advice would most be welcome .
It's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del Friscos.
It s ' narrowed to down Butcher and Singer , Davio s ' and , Friscos Del .
It s ' to narrowed down and Butcher Singer , Davio ' s and , Del Friscos .
Thanks in advance for the advice.
Thanks in for advance the . advice
Thanks in advance for the advice .
Sidenote... I am familiar with the Capital Grille, Barclay Prime, The Palm, The Prime Rib, Mortons, Ruth Chris', etc.
Sidenote . . . I am Capital familiar with the Grille Barclay , , Prime Palm The The , Rib Prime Mortons , , Ruth Chris ' , etc .
Sidenote . . . I familiar with am the Grille Capital , Prime Barclay , Palm The , Rib The Prime , , Mortons Chris Ruth ' , etc .
I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste.
I have weighed those options found and three the that have I chosen to be more my wife and own my taste .
I have weighed options those found and the three that I have chosen to be more wife my my and own taste .
Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier.
Please only on reviews the I three mentioned . earlier
Only please reviews on the three I mentioned earlier .
Many thanks.
Thanks many .
Thanks many .
I am only familiar with Morton's and Ruth Chris.
I only am familiar Morton with ' s and Chris Ruth .
Am only I familiar with Morton ' and s Ruth Chris .
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has.
I never have eaten at the ones have you listed nor do I of know anyone who has .
Have I at never eaten the ones you have listed nor do I know of who anyone . has
I hope you get your answer.
I you hope get your . answer
I hope your you get answer .
Anyway, have a lovely first anniversary!
Anyway , a have lovely anniversary first !
Anyway have , lovely a first anniversary !
HAMSTERS - will a hamster be ok living in the bathroom ?
- HAMSTERS a will hamster be ok in living the bathroom ?
HAMSTERS - will hamster a be ok the living in bathroom ?
in his cage in the bathroom ?
in his cage the in ? bathroom
in his in cage bathroom the ?
or would the steam from the shower be a problem ?
or the would steam from the a shower be problem ?
would or steam the from shower the be a problem ?
thanks d
D thanks
D thanks
If space is minimal, or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets, then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there.
Space minimal if is , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away other from pets , I then can why would understand you to choose keep him there .
Space if minimal is , or you are keeping him in there be to from kept away other pets , then can I understand why you would choose keep to him there .
There are some things to consider though...
Are some there things consider to though . . .
There are things some to . consider though . .
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste, and this needs to be cleaned regularly, or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine.
Require rodents special in bedding cages their to absorb their waste , this and needs to be regularly cleaned , your or hamster could suffer problems from due the buildup of ammonia his from urine .
Require rodents special in bedding their cages to their waste absorb , and needs this to be regularly cleaned , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of from ammonia urine his .
When you take a warm shower and build up steam, his cage will collect water, the bedding will absorb much of it, and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should.
Take when you a warm and shower build steam , up his cage will collect water , the absorb bedding will much of it , and will not be able to absorb the quite urine as it should .
When you take a warm shower and up build steam his , will cage collect water , the bedding will much absorb of it , and will not be able absorb to the as urine quite should it .
You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways he may have.
You will also to have be wary of mold forming on any hide or toys - he aways have may .
You will also to have be of wary mold forming on any or hide toys - aways he may have .
You also don't want it getting too warm for him too often.
You also ' don t it getting want warm too for him too often .
You also don ' t want getting it too him warm for often too .
Overall, it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it.
Overall , it is not a solution good but you , can keep healthy him pull and off it if take you the to time give him the care extra he need will because of it .
Overall , it is not a good solution , you but can keep and him pull healthy it off if take you the to give time him the care extra he need will because of . it
It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing.
It may be problem a because the temperature is constantly changing .
It may be problem the a because temperature is constantly changing .
I would personally put him somewhere else.
I would personally him put else somewhere .
I would put personally him somewhere . else
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea?
What is most the interesting place to see South Korea in ?
What the is interesting most place see to in South Korea ?
I'm planning my trip to Asia and S.Korea is one of the destinations.
' I my m planning trip to and Asia S . Korea is one the of destinations .
I ' planning m trip my to Asia and S Korea . is of one the . destinations
What place or town would be most interesting to visit for european?
What place or would town be most interesting visit to for ? european
What or place town would be interesting most to for visit european ?
Go to Jeju island!
Go to island Jeju !
To go Jeju island !
It's so much fun over there, and I'm positive that you'll love it! :)
It ' s so much fun over , there I and ' positive that you m ' ll it love ! : )
' it so s much fun over there , and I ' m positive that you ' love ll ! it : )
If you're going to Seoul, then you should also visit a specific place called, 'The Namsan Tower'!
If you ' re to going Seoul , should then you also visit a specific called place , ' The Namsan ' Tower !
If you ' going re to , Seoul you should then also visit a place specific called , ' The Namsan Tower ' !
It's a really huge place over there, and so many visitors/foreigners went to put chains and locks over there!
It ' s a place huge really over , there so many and visitors / foreigners went to put chains locks and over there !
It ' s a really huge place over there , and many so / visitors to foreigners went chains put and locks over there !
It's so much fun!
It s ' much so fun !
It ' s so much fun !
Also, don't forget to try out Korea's famous amusement parks!: Lotte World, Everland, and Carribbean Bay!
, also don ' t to forget try out Korea ' amusement s famous ! parks : Lotte World , Everland , and Carribbean Bay !
Also don , ' t forget to try out ' Korea s famous parks amusement ! : World Lotte , Everland , and Carribbean ! Bay
Everyone loves it! ^_^
It everyone loves ! ^ _ ^
Everyone ! loves it ^ _ ^
Lotte World: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-X_e2uwT6wPw/Tkj_7UVTw6I/AAAAAAAAAGs/e_hICAdYPYI/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
: lotte World http : / / 3 bp . . . blogspot / com - / X_e2uwT6wPw Tkj_7UVTw6I / AAAAAAAAAGs / e_hICAdYPYI / / s1600 lotte_world_from_high_up jpg .
: lotte World http : / 3 / bp . blogspot . . com / X_e2uwT6wPw - / Tkj_7UVTw6I / / AAAAAAAAAGs e_hICAdYPYI / s1600 / lotte_world_from_high_up jpg .
( It's indoors and outdoors!)
( ' It s indoors outdoors and ! )
( It ' s indoors and outdoors ! )
Everland Resort: http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
: everland Resort http : / / v2 . . c cache7 . bigcache . . googleapis / com static . panoramio com . / photos original / / . 42661265 jpg ? redirect_counter 2 =
Resort everland : http : / / v2 cache7 . . c . bigcache googleapis . . / com . static panoramio . / com photos original / 42661265 / . jpg ? = 2 redirect_counter
(it's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland!)
It ( ' all s outdoors and are the pictures only a of fourth the real Everland ! )
( it ' s all and outdoors the pictures only are a fourth of the Everland real ! )
Carribbean Bay: http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg
Bay : carribbean : http / / . tong visitkorea or . . / kr cms / / resource 81 / 188181_image2_1 . jpg
Bay carribbean : : http / tong / visitkorea . . . or kr / / cms resource / 81 / 188181_image2_1 jpg .
(An outside water park!)
( An outside water park ! )
( outside water An park ! )
Namsan tower: http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg
Tower namsan : http : / farm3 / . static . . flickr com 2406 / 2527255596_db23df940f / jpg .
Namsan tower : http : / farm3 / static . . . flickr / com 2406 / jpg 2527255596_db23df940f .
Hoped I helped! ^_^
I hoped ! helped ^ _ ^
Hoped I helped ! ^ _ ^
Have fun in Korea~
Have fun in ~ Korea
Fun have in Korea ~
an island called jejudo/jeju island
an called island jejudo jeju / island
island an called jejudo / island jeju
its really amazing there, itll blow your mind
really its amazing there , itll blow mind your
amazing its really there , itll blow your mind
it's almost like paradise there
' it s almost like there paradise
it s ' like almost paradise there
I found an injured pure white bird (dove I guess?)
I found an injured pure white bird ( dove I ? guess )
I found an injured white bird pure ( dove guess I ? )
what do I feed it?
Do what I feed it ?
what do feed I it ?
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood, its wing is injured, so I'm currently taking care of it.
Found I this white pure bird my in neighborhood , its wing injured is , I so ' m taking currently care of . it
I this found white pure bird in neighborhood my its , wing is injured , so I m ' currently of taking care it .
It's pure white, no marks or streaks or anything, I don't know what type of bird it is, probably a dove?
It ' s pure white , no streaks marks or or anything , I don t ' know what type it of bird is , probably dove a ?
It ' s pure white , or no marks streaks or anything , I ' don t know type what of bird it is , a probably ? dove
What should I feed it?
Should what I feed it ?
What should I it feed ?
Is normal bird food fine?
Normal is bird food fine ?
Is normal bird fine food ?
(Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop?
( Because my apparently mom is very picky , she says the bird might sick get if it doesn ' t eat right food the ) IS specific there food any I might find at any pet ? shop
( Because apparently my is mom , very picky says she the bird might sick get if it doesn ' t eat the right food ) IS any there specific food I might find at any pet shop ?
(petco, petsmart) ..... thanks!
( , petco ) petsmart . . . . thanks . !
( , petsmart petco ) . . . . . ! thanks
Doves are a species of pigeon ,they are Seed eaters, they do not eat bread,or worms.
Are doves a of pigeon species , they are Seed they eaters do , not eat bread , or worms .
Doves are a of species pigeon they , are eaters Seed , do not they bread eat , or worms .
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it.
Sure make that have you shallow a dish of water for it .
make sure you that have a of shallow dish water for it .
as they can drink a lot.
as they drink can lot a .
as drink they can a lot .
there's these little like bait worms at jacks.petshoppe .
there s ' little these like bait at worms jacks . petshoppe .
there ' s these like little bait at jacks worms . petshoppe .
its jacks aquarium and pets I believe. ?
its jacks aquarium pets and believe I . ?
its jacks aquarium pets and I . believe ?
anyways I feed them to my road sometimes.
I anyways them feed to my road sometimes .
anyways I them feed to road my sometimes .
like a little container.
like a container little .
like a container little .
or buy small bait worms.
or buy small worms bait .
or small buy bait worms .
that should work
that work should
that work should
If you have a pet store near buy some wheat,pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do,but do not feed bread.
If you have a pet near store some buy wheat , pigeon or corn mixed even bird seed will , do do but feed bread not .
If you have a pet store near buy wheat some , corn pigeon or even mixed bird seed will do , but not feed do bread .
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse?
Do how i to get paris airport cdg to paris montparnasse ?
how do i get cdg to paris airport to montparnasse paris ?
i have two options
i have options two
i have options two
using the metro or the air france bus
using the metro or air the bus france
the using metro or air the france bus
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse?
can anybody me tell if metro the runs from directly CDG montparnasse to ?
Can anybody tell if me the metro runs directly from CDG montparnasse to ?
if not what transfers should i get on?
not if transfers what should i get on ?
not if transfers what should i get on ?
ty
ty
ty
On the RER/Metro:
On the RER Metro / :
On the RER / : Metro
In the airport, follow the signs that say "Paris by train".
In the , airport the follow signs say that Paris " by train " .
In airport the , follow the that signs say Paris " by " train .
Buy a ticket for Paris.
Buy a ticket Paris for .
Buy ticket a for Paris .
This will get you on the RER B line going into town.
This will you get on the RER B going line town into .
Will this get you the on RER B line going town into .
Stay on it until the "Saint-Michel Notre-Dame" station.
Stay until on the it " Saint - Michel Notre - Dame station " .
On stay until it the " - Saint Michel Notre - Dame station " .
Change there to the Metro 4 line going toward "Porte d'Orleans".
There change to the Metro line going 4 toward Porte " d ' Orleans " .
There change to the Metro 4 toward line going " Porte ' d Orleans " .
Get off at the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station.
Get at off the " Montparnasse " station Bienvenue .
Off get the " at Montparnasse Bienvenue " station .
On the Air France bus:
On the Air France : bus
The on Air France bus :
As I recall, this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris.
As I recall , this bus you drops off near the in Opera Paris .
Recall as , I this bus drops you off the near Opera in Paris .
You'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse.
You ' ll have still to take bus or another the down Metro to Montparnasse .
You ' still ll have to another take bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse .
On the bus: Get on Bus 95 going toward "Porte de Vanves".
On the bus : on Bus Get 95 toward going " de Porte Vanves " .
On the bus : Get on Bus 95 going toward " de Porte " Vanves .
Buy a ticket from the driver.
A buy ticket from the . driver
A buy ticket from the . driver
Stay on the bus until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stop.
On stay the bus the until " Montparnasse Bienvenue " . stop
Stay on bus the the until " Montparnasse Bienvenue " . stop
On the Metro: Get in the Metro at Opera.
The Metro on Get : in the Metro at Opera .
On the Metro Get : in the at Opera Metro .
Take the 8 line toward "Balard" until the "Invalides" station.
Line take the 8 toward " Balard " the until " Invalides " station .
Take the line 8 " toward Balard until " the " " Invalides station .
Change there to the 13 line toward "Chatillon Montrouge" and take it until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station.
To change there the 13 toward line " Chatillon Montrouge " take and until it " the Montparnasse Bienvenue " station .
The change there 13 line to toward " Chatillon Montrouge " and take it until the Montparnasse " Bienvenue " station .
What are good B&W software's Photography?
What are B good & software W ' s ? Photography
What good are B & W ' software s ? Photography
What are really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editing?
Are what really programs good for crisp smooth Black & White editing ?
What are good really programs for smooth Black crisp & editing White ?
I use GIMP and Its not cutting it, looks terrible.
Use I GIMP and not Its cutting it , terrible looks .
Use I GIMP and Its cutting not , it looks terrible .
Here's one of my shots in B&W
Here s ' of one my shots B in & W
' here s one of shots my in B W &
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/
: http / / . www flickr . com / photos adamtolle / 6094960940 / in / / set - / 72157627535453128
http : / www / . flickr . / com photos adamtolle / / 6094960940 / set in / 72157627535453128 - /
Any programs that you use please list :) Thx
Any programs that use you list please : Thx )
Programs any you that use list please : ) Thx
You could also try this in gimp.
You also could this try in gimp .
You could also this try gimp in .
It will give you a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looks:
Will give it you a more lot power , well as as control over how your white black and photo looks :
It will give lot you more a , power well as control as over how your black and white photo looks :
Open your image while it's still in color
Open image your it while ' s still color in
Open your image it while s ' still color in
Create a new layer and fill the later with black.
A create new layer and fill the later with black .
A create new layer and fill the with black later .
Set the layer mode to "color" this will make your image blak and white.
The set layer mode to " color " will this make image blak your white and .
The set layer to mode " color " this will make image your and blak . white
Click colors>>>levels and adjust each channel's color values.
Colors click > > > levels and adjust each ' channel color values s .
Colors click > > > levels and adjust each channel ' color s values .
This will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an image.
Will this the adjust brightness darkness and of specific of parts an image .
This will adjust brightness the and darkness of specific parts an of image .
For more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
For more information on the theory later behind modes check out this video tutorial gimp : http : / / gimpedblog . blogspot com . / / 2011 09 / - video gimp - - how tutorial to - - convert . html
For on information the more theory behind later check modes this out video gimp tutorial : http : / / gimpedblog . . blogspot com / 2011 / 09 / gimp - video - tutorial - how - to convert - html .
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
For on more information adjusting exposure gimp in chef out this video gimp tutorial http : : / / gimpedblog . blogspot com . / 2011 09 / / how - - to use - gimp for - - beginners - - lesson 4 . html
For information more on adjusting exposure in chef gimp out this video gimp tutorial http : : / gimpedblog / . blogspot . com / 2011 / / 09 how to - - use - gimp - for beginners - - lesson - . html 4
Hope this helps.
Hope helps this .
This hope helps .
Picasa is free and pretty good.
Is picasa and free pretty good .
Picasa is pretty free and good .
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if your on a macbook theres aperture :)
Best but is photoshop obviously or CS5 if your on a macbook aperture theres : )
Best but is photoshop obviously or CS5 if your on a theres macbook aperture : )
depends what you want from "B&W"... many programs will use a generic B&W...
you depends want what from " B & W " . . . many use programs will a B generic & . W . .
depends what you from want " B & " W . . many . programs will use a generic B & W . . .
try something like photoscape which has different options...
Try something like photoscape which has options different . . .
try something like photoscape which different has options . . .
cheapest plastic surgeons in Thailand?
cheapest surgeons plastic in Thailand ?
cheapest plastic in surgeons Thailand ?
I want to go to thailand to do my boob job from South Africa but looking for the cheapest surgeons yet also good in his artwork on a humans body .
I to want go to to thailand do my job boob from but South Africa looking for the surgeons cheapest also yet in good his on artwork a humans body .
I want to go to thailand my to boob do job from South Africa but looking the for surgeons cheapest also yet good his in artwork on humans body a .
Only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation.
Only a fool would base a decision using cheapest the surgeon to perform operation an .
Only a fool would base decision using a the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation .
Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for. .
Cheapest surgeons out work of some small clinic do and the not have skills you are looking for . .
Surgeons cheapest of work out small some clinic and do not have the skills are you for looking . .
Do you really want to put your faith in some clinic doctor.
Do you really want to put your faith clinic in some . doctor
Do you really want to your put some faith in clinic doctor .
I know I wouldn't.
I I know wouldn ' . t
I know ' I wouldn t .
You need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like Bumrungard Hospital or Yanhee Hospital.
Need you to with check one of the hospital major that performance like this procedure Bumrungard or Hospital Yanhee Hospital .
You need to check of with one the hospital that major this performance procedure like Bumrungard Hospital Yanhee or Hospital .
Would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too?
Would you the choose cheapest for brakes expensive your car race or the maybe cheapest parachute too ?
You would choose the cheapest brakes for your race expensive car maybe or cheapest the parachute ? too
Sometimes the "cheap" comes expensive!
Sometimes " the cheap " comes ! expensive
The " sometimes cheap " comes expensive !
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections, accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too!
When have you invasive surgery could you also get infections , accidental and nicks cuts cause other that problems ! too
Have when you invasive surgery you could also infections get , accidental nicks and cuts cause other that problems ! too
If they screw up you could be in worse shape than you are now!
Screw if they up you could in be worse shape you than are now !
If they screw you could up be in worse than shape you now are !
Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time.
Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but hospitals do all their have problems from time to time .
Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all hospitals have do problems their from time time to .
Maybe having an experienced doctor might be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced!
Maybe having an experienced doctor might better be than some guy is cheaper that but less experienced !
Maybe having experienced an doctor might be better guy some than that cheaper is but less experienced !
http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba
http : / / . www bumrungrad com . / / en - patient services clinics / - and - plastic centers / - surgery - - thailand bangkok / - breast augmentation ba -
: http / / www . bumrungrad . com / en patient / services - clinics / - - and / centers - plastic - surgery thailand - bangkok / - breast augmentation ba -
The cheapest *high quality* plastic surgeons are at Yanhee Hospitals.
The cheapest high * quality * surgeons plastic are Yanhee at Hospitals .
The cheapest * * high quality plastic surgeons at are Yanhee Hospitals .
They do outstanding work.
They do work outstanding .
They do work outstanding .
Check the link for a sampling of prices.
Check the link for a of prices sampling .
The check link for a of sampling prices .
my Tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can.?
Tom my cat not eat will meat just the juice the in can . ?
my Tom cat not will meat eat just the in juice can the . ?
When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay.
When I a open of can meat with gravy he licks off gravy the and the lets meat lay .
When I open can of a with meat gravy he licks off the gravy and meat lets lay the .
I must through it away .
I through must it away .
I must it through away .
Why?
? why
? why
If you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd understand this.
If knew you what kind " of meat " they put cat in canned food you ' understand d . this
If you what knew of kind " meat " they put canned in cat you food ' d understand this .
I've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food.
Ve I ' a had lot cats of who refused to eat the canned food .
' ve I had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food .
When you read the label its easy to understand why.
You when read the its easy label to understand why .
You when read the label its to easy understand . why
I've had cats for 35 years and I only feed them dry food.
' I ve had cats 35 for and years I only them feed dry food .
I ' had ve cats for 35 and I years only feed dry them food .
They have done very well and like the dry food better.
They have done and very well like the dry better food .
They very have well done and like the dry food better .
It had better nutritional value and its also less expensive.
It had better nutritional value its and also less expensive .
It better had nutritional value and also its expensive less .
Canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents and you're paying for a high moisture content instead of food content.
Canned is food often suspect as to the actual contents and you re ' a paying for content high moisture of instead food content .
Canned food often is suspect to as the actual contents and ' you re paying a for high content moisture instead food of . content
There are a lot of good quality dry cat foods.
Are there lot of a good quality dry cat foods .
There are lot a of good cat quality dry foods .
Read the labels for contents.
The read labels for contents .
Read the for labels contents .
Your cat will adjust quickly.
Your will cat adjust quickly .
Cat your will adjust quickly .
You'll also have less spoilage.
' you ll also have spoilage less .
You ' ll also spoilage have less .
He might be sick take him to the vet to see
He might sick be take him the to to vet see
He might be take sick to him the vet see to
If he always does this, welcome to the club.
If he this always does , welcome the to club .
If he does always , this welcome to club the .
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver (cooked) for the anemic one, some arthritis stuff for the oldest.
Oldest my female and male youngest do this - just I grab the and blender pop in other some for stuff chicken them like liver ( cooked for ) the anemic , one some arthritis stuff for the oldest .
My oldest female and youngest male do - I this just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver cooked ( ) the for one anemic , some arthritis stuff the for oldest .
Even if you mash it with a spoon he can't do that,
Even you if it mash with a spoon can he t ' do that ,
Even if you mash it a with he spoon can ' do that t ,
Whats your favorite part about trail riding?
Your whats favorite part trail about riding ?
Your whats favorite part about trail ? riding
My favorite part is going up hill and cantering :)
My favorite is part going up hill cantering : and )
Favorite my is part going up and hill cantering : )
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is, not how talented he is.
I how love it really depends on how a good horse horse your really is not , how talented he is .
Love I how really it on depends how good horse a your horse really is , how not he talented is .
If you took some Olympic-level horses on a trail ride, they just couldn't do it.
If you took some Olympic - level horses on a ride , trail they couldn just ' t do . it
You if took some - Olympic level on horses a trail ride , they just couldn ' do t it .
They would be too scared and spooky.
They would too be and scared spooky .
Would they be too scared and . spooky
It doesn't matter how graceful your horse is, or how high he can jump, or how well he does a sliding stop.
Doesn it ' t how matter horse graceful your is , how or he high jump can , or how well he does a stop sliding .
Doesn it ' t matter how graceful your horse is , or how he high can jump , or he how well sliding does a stop .
What matters is how well trained he is, and how good your bond it.
Matters what is how well trained is he , and how your good bond . it
Is what matters well how trained he is , and how good your it bond .
That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also.
Is that another reason I why like competitive riding trail also .
That reason is another why I like trail competitive riding also .
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week, then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good.
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in and rides shape once a week then , takes all the at ribbons the show because their horse good . is
Nobody pays keep someone to horse their in and shape rides once week a , then takes all the ribbons the at show because their horse is good .
YOU have to spend the time training.
have to YOU spend the time training .
YOU have to spend the time training .
And I have not met one stuck-up trail rider!
I and have met not one - stuck up trail rider !
I and have not one met stuck - up rider trail !
Those are just a few reasons why I love trail riding, competitive or not.
Are those just few reasons a why I love trail riding , competitive or . not
Those just are a few reasons why I trail love riding , competitive or not .
Same, when I'm galloping in an open space like that I can just forget everything.
Same , I when ' galloping m in an open space like that can I just forget everything .
Same , when I ' m galloping in open an space that like I can forget just everything .
Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal.
The seeing and nature wild life that if quiet you keep you can up get close and personal .
Seeing the nature and life wild if you that quiet you keep can get up close and personal .
I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer.
Have I had several encounters close with both foxes and deer wild .
I have had close several with encounters both and foxes wild deer .
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched.
Also woodpeckers pecking were in trees and the I just sat and . watched
Also woodpeckers pecking were in trees the and I sat just watched and .
Fascinating.
. fascinating
. fascinating
10 gallon nano reef ideas?
10 nano gallon reef ideas ?
10 nano gallon reef ideas ?
I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock, and 10 lbs of live carribean sand.
I have a 10 reef gallon nano with 10 lbs of live fiji rock , and 10 lbs of live carribean sand .
I have a gallon 10 nano reef with 10 lbs of fiji live rock , 10 and live lbs of carribean . sand
I am aware of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this size.
I of am aware the maintenance in involved keeping a tank size this .
I am aware the maintenance of involved in keeping a tank this size .
I am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1.024.
I am currently maintaining a level of gravity 1 . . 024
I am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1 . . 024
I have a 10 gallon filter on it.
I a have gallon 10 filter on it .
I have a filter 10 gallon on it .
I also have a powerhead, getting another soon.
I have also , a powerhead getting another soon .
Also have I a powerhead , getting soon another .
I have a few questions, first I want to start a sump filter, but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work.
I have a few questions , I first to start want a sump filter , but have I no how on idea the water and intake water return work would .
Have I a few questions , I first want to start a filter sump , but no I have idea on the how intake water water and return work would .
How would I need to set a sump for this 10 gallon?
How would I to set need a for sump this 10 gallon ?
How would I to need set a sump this for gallon 10 ?
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment?
I do need a protein or skimmer any equipment other ?
Do need I a skimmer protein or other any equipment ?
thanks
thanks
thanks
Unless the tank has a built in overflow box (which I'm certain it doesn't) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump.
Unless the has tank a in built overflow box ( which I ' certain m doesn it ' t ) then you have to get one those of hang on back overflow so boxes that you can install a sump .
The tank unless a has in built overflow box ( I which ' m certain doesn it ' t ) then you have to get of those one on hang back overflow boxes that so you can install a sump .
The piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box.
The piping would down lead into your sump from the overflow box .
The piping lead would down into your from sump overflow the box .
On the other end of the sump, you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank.
On the end other sump of the , you have a would return small pump a with hose that puts the water back into tank your .
The on other of end the sump , you would have a small pump return a with hose puts that water the into back your . tank
If you're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank, getting a protein skimmer wouldn't be a bad idea.
' if re you going to go the through trouble creating of a sump for this tank , a getting protein skimmer wouldn ' be t a bad idea .
If you ' going re to go through the of trouble creating a for sump this tank , a getting wouldn protein skimmer t ' be a bad idea .
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer, it's an in-tank design that could easily sit in your sump.
Hydor the SlimSkim is Nano a nano good protein skimmer , it ' s an in - design tank that could easily in sit sump your .
The Hydor Nano a SlimSkim is good protein nano skimmer , it ' an s in - design tank that could easily in sit sump your .
NOOK Color or NOOK Tablet?
NOOK Color or NOOK ? Tablet
NOOK Color or NOOK ? Tablet
From what I understand they're pretty much the same thing.
From I what understand ' they re pretty much the same . thing
From what I understand they re ' much pretty the thing same .
Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts.
Some of major the differences is I see HD the video , life longer battery , and faster processor that the Tablet NOOK boasts .
Of some the major differences see I is the HD video , battery life longer , faster and that processor the NOOK boasts Tablet .
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color?
The does Tablet major have a difference in speed compared to the ? Color
Does the have a Tablet major difference in speed compared the Color to ?
I don't want an iPad or Kindle.
I don ' want t or an iPad Kindle .
Don I ' want t an or iPad Kindle .
I just want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read.
I want just an - e reader does that a bit little more than just . read
I just e want an reader - that does little a bit than more just read .
Yes, I know about the Kindle Fire but that's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars?
Yes I know , about the Kindle Fire but that ' not s what I want ( Does : it make sense shell to out fifty the extra dollars ?
Yes , I the know about Kindle Fire but that s ' what not want I ( : Does make it to sense shell out the extra fifty dollars ?
Or just purchase the Color?
Just or purchase the Color ?
Or just the purchase Color ?
Well I recently bought the Nook Color, and I have to say that I am very happy with it.
I well recently bought the Nook , Color and I have say I to am that very happy with it .
I well recently the bought Nook Color , and I have say to I that am happy very with . it
It is like a mini tablet itself!
It is like mini a itself tablet !
Is it a like mini tablet itself !
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet, I was pretty disappointed though, because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price!
I found when out them came up with the Tablet Nook , I was though pretty disappointed , because bought Nook I my color for same the darn price !
When found I them out up came with Tablet the Nook , I pretty was disappointed though because , I bought Nook my color for same the darn price !
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet.
So I say you should go for updated the more Nook . Tablet
So I say you go should the for updated more Nook Tablet .
I'm pretty sure it'll be worth it.
I ' m pretty it sure ' ll worth be . it
I ' pretty m it sure ' ll be it worth .
Have fun!
Fun have !
Fun have !
Judging by Nook Tablet's processor it's supposed to be quite faster!
Judging by Nook Tablet ' processor s it ' supposed s be to faster quite !
Judging by Tablet Nook ' s processor it ' supposed s to be quite faster !
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphone.
Nook basically more Tablet it has memory , battery better life and a better processor and a microphone .
Nook basically it Tablet more has memory , better battery and life better a processor and a microphone .
http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet
: http / / www . squidoo com . nook / - tablet
: http / / www . squidoo . / com nook tablet -
eReader Tablet Comparison; B&N Nook Tablet, B&N Nook Color, Kindle Fire, HTC Flyer
Tablet Comparison eReader ; & B N Nook , Tablet B & N Color Nook , Fire Kindle , HTC Flyer
eReader Tablet ; Comparison B Nook & N Tablet , & B Nook N Color , Kindle Fire , Flyer HTC
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html
: http / / . www droidforums . net / forum / droid - news / - 181335 tablet ereader - - comparison b - - n - - nook tablet - b - n - nook - - color kindle - fire - - htc . flyer html
: http / / www . droidforums . / forum net / droid news - / 181335 - ereader - comparison tablet - - - b n - nook - tablet - b - n nook - - color - kindle - fire - - htc flyer html .
Pubs in Philadelphia?
Pubs Philadelphia in ?
Pubs Philadelphia in ?
Hey there, I'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday.
Hey there , I ' trying m to find a restaurant in Philly to take my for husband tomorrow his . birthday
Hey there , I ' m trying to find a restaurant to in Philly my take tomorrow husband birthday for his .
He's pretty much an "I love American Food, good drinks on occasion, laid back." kind of guy. ;)
' he s much pretty an " I love American Food good , on drinks occasion laid , . back " kind of guy . ; )
He pretty ' much s an " love I American Food , drinks good occasion , on laid back . " of kind guy . ; )
I want to take him somewhere where there's going to be awesome burgers/american food, atmosphere (preferably a tavern/pub style would be nice), good service, and all around a great time. =)
I want take to somewhere him where there s ' to going be burgers awesome / american , food atmosphere ( preferably a / tavern would pub style be nice ) , good service , and all a around great time . = )
I want take to him somewhere where there ' s going be to awesome / burgers american food , atmosphere ( a preferably / tavern pub style would be nice ) , good service , and all around great a time . = )
I'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's.
I ' m looking for suggestions anyone from knows who the and philly area the to where ' . s
I ' for m suggestions looking from knows anyone who the philly area and the where ' to s .
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I'm not an expert on the area.
Just we moved to a outside town Philly a couple of months so back ' I m not an on area expert the .
We moved just a to town outside a couple Philly months of back I so ' m not an expert the on area .
A little help is always great. =)
Little a help always is great . = )
A help is little always great . = )
Thank you or your feed back.
Thank you or your feed back .
Thank or you your back feed .
Oh my, you asked this question at the perfect time.
My oh , you asked question this at the perfect . time
My oh you , this asked question at the perfect time .
Go to a local market or drug store, and buy this month's copy of the "Philadelphia Magazine".
To a go local market or store , drug buy and month this ' s copy of the " Philadelphia Magazine " .
Go to a local or market store drug , and buy this month ' copy s of the " Philadelphia " Magazine .
It is all about this very subject ... bars and food.
All it is about very this subject . . . bars food and .
It is about all subject this very . . . and bars food .
It lists places all over the city and suburbs.
It all lists over places the city and suburbs .
Lists it places all the over city suburbs and .
Wishing your husband a happy birthday!
Wishing your a husband happy ! birthday
Your wishing husband a birthday happy !
If you're looking for a good burger, some great fries (they are too die for!), and good drinks, go to Chickie & Pete's!
If you ' re looking for a good , burger some great ( are fries they too die ! for ) , good drinks and , go Chickie to Pete & s ' !
If you ' re looking for a good , burger great some fries ( they too are die for ! ) , good and drinks go to , Chickie & Pete ' s !
Oh my gosh, they are great!
My oh gosh , are they great !
Oh my gosh , great they are !
If you go, make sure you order the crab fries, you won't regret it :)
If go , you sure you make order the fries crab , won you ' t regret it : )
If you go , make sure you the order crab fries you , won ' regret it t : )
How to start a new fish tank?
How to a start fish new tank ?
To how a start new fish tank ?
I'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up.
I ' m getting 10 gallon a for my and betta tomorrow just want I to how know to properly set it up .
' I getting m gallon a 10 for my betta tomorrow I and just want to know how properly to it set up .
I'm still a beginner.
' I m still a . beginner
' I still m a beginner .
Any and all suggestions on what I need to do and buy will help.
Any and suggestions all what on need I to and do buy will help .
And all any suggestions on what I to need do and buy help will .
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
When you get the tank make sure you wash the inside (with plain water) then you wash the gravel (with only water too) take out all the stuff that is floating on top.
When you get tank the sure make wash you inside the ( with plain water ) you then wash the gravel ( with only too water ) take out the all that stuff is floating on top .
When you the get make tank sure you the wash ( inside with water plain ) then you wash gravel the ( only with too water ) all take out the stuff that is floating on top .
Add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur bettas delicate fins.
Add silk only plants as may plastic ones tear up ur bettas fins delicate .
Add only plants as silk ones plastic may tear ur up bettas delicate fins .
You add the water and put water conditioner into the water.
You add the water put and water conditioner the into . water
Add you the water and put conditioner water into water the .
Start up your filter (sponge filters are the best for bettas) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78-82.
Start up your filter ( sponge are filters best the bettas for ) and put in a heater and set it anywhere to between - 82 78 .
Start up your filter ( filters are sponge the best for ) bettas put in and a heater and set it anywhere to between 78 - 82 .
Wait about 2 weeks or 3 and test your water.
Wait about 2 weeks or and 3 test your water .
About wait weeks 2 or and 3 test your water .
If everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home.
If everything is looking you good add may betta you to its new . home
If everything looking is good you may you add to betta its home new .
Lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface.
Optinal lights are since fish need the turn light off night at anyways an and air pump is not since nessasary get they from air the surface .
Optinal lights are since fish need the light turn off at anyways night and an air pump is not nessasary they since air get the from surface .
ask the people selling you the fish how you should set it up,they would know
ask the people selling you fish the how you should set it up , they would know
Ask the people you the selling fish how you should set up it , they would know
Add aquasafe with the water you put in it.
Aquasafe with add the water put you in it .
Add aquasafe the with you water put in . it
Make sure the temperature is good.
Make sure the good temperature is .
The make sure temperature is good .
Do not put your fish tank close to the sun or algae grow in your tank.
Do not put your fish close tank to sun the or grow in algae tank your .
Do not put your tank close fish the to sun or in algae grow your tank .
Everything else should be good.
Everything else should be . good
Everything else be should good .
Make sure if you get new fish that they get along with one another.
Make sure you get if fish new that get they along with one another .
Make if sure get you fish new that they along get with one another .
Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang?
Is it to possible lazers out shoot of your Wang ?
It is to possible shoot lazers out your of Wang ?
I would like to learn how
Would I like to learn how
I like would to learn how
I see youre still recovering from the accident.
I see still youre recovering from the . accident
I youre still see recovering from the accident .
You appear to be feeling better though.
You to appear be feeling better . though
You appear to be feeling better though .
That's good. :)
' that good s . : )
' that s . good : )
only in comic books and sci-fi tv shows/movies... :D
in only comic and sci books - fi shows tv / movies . . . D :
only in comic books sci and - fi tv shows / movies . . . : D
1
1
1
Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang.
Know that there pros are and cons to laser before sights you mount them on your . wang
That know there pros are cons and to sights laser before you mount on them your wang .
While they are extremely accurate, laser sights do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target.
While they are accurate extremely , laser sights do not operate well when drunk high because or the beam does not often show up on target the .
They while extremely are , accurate sights do laser not operate well drunk when high or the because beam often does not show up on the target .
Therefore, you must learn to shoot manually.
, therefore you must learn to shoot . manually
, therefore you must learn shoot to manually .
2
2
2
Mount laser sights on away by removing the hand grip.
Mount sights laser on away by hand removing the grip .
Mount laser on sights by away removing the hand . grip
Laser grips are the most common for wangs.
Grips laser the are most common for wangs .
Laser grips are the most common for wangs .
The laser is made into the hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on.
The laser is into the made hand and grip has a the switch on side to it turn on .
The laser is made the into hand grip and a has on switch the to side turn it on .
Remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip.
Remove fingers from your existing grip the and replace them with your new laser grip .
Your remove from fingers the existing grip and them replace with new your laser grip .
You have two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positions.
You have adjustment two for screws up and down and right to left positions .
You two have adjustment up screws and for down and right to left positions .
3
3
3
Consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs.
Consider these points mounting for sights laser on semi automatic - wangs .
Consider points these mounting for laser sights semi on - automatic wangs .
Newer semi-automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft.
Semi newer - automatic have wangs a built rail the into receiver under the shaft .
Semi newer - wangs automatic have a rail into the built receiver under the shaft .
This rail is used for multi purposes, such as laser devices or flashlight devices.
This rail is for used multi purposes , as such laser or devices flashlight . devices
This is rail used for multi purposes , such laser as or devices devices flashlight .
4
4
4
Prepare to mount the laser sight onto the rail on the wang.
To prepare mount laser the sight onto the on rail the wang .
Prepare mount to the laser onto sight the on rail the wang .
You have two screws that attach the sight to the wang.
You have that two screws attach the sight to wang the .
You two have screws that the attach to sight the wang .
Tighten these screws securely.
These tighten screws securely .
Tighten these securely screws .
Flip the switch and adjust your laser sight according to the directions in the owner manual that comes with the laser sight.
Flip the switch and your adjust laser sight according to directions the in the owner comes manual that with laser sight the .
Flip and the switch adjust your sight laser according the to directions in the owner that manual comes with the sight laser .
3 weeks old baby budgie alone at night?
3 old weeks budgie baby alone at night ?
3 old weeks baby alone budgie at night ?
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his/her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night.
I a have week 3 old baby and budgie I noticed that his / her mother does not with stay him in nest the night at .
I have a 3 old week baby and budgie I noticed that his / her does mother stay not with in him nest night the at .
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the 'nest cage' because he and the mother were fighting.
Have I mention that to recently i the separated father into another cage to close the ' nest ' cage he because and the mother were fighting .
I to have that mention i recently separated the father another into cage close to the ' nest cage ' he because and the were mother . fighting
He was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there, were the baby was too.
Was he eager so go to the in nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in nest the him after and give him fight a right , there were baby the was . too
Was he so to eager go in the and nest the feed baby and she would always go right away the in nest after him and him give a fight right , the there were baby was too .
I thought it was dangerous for the baby so I moved him.
I thought was it dangerous for the baby so moved I . him
I it thought was dangerous the for so baby I moved him .
She feeds well the baby on her own, the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night...
She well feeds baby the her on own , the baby but is she ok does not go in the nest to stay him with at night . . .
She feeds well the on baby her own , is the baby ok she but does not go in to the nest stay him with at night . . .
What is the problem?
Is what the problem ?
What is the ? problem
Is this a transitional period for the baby...that he/she is left alone much more time?
Is this transitional a period for baby the . . that . he / she is left alone more much time ?
Is this transitional a period for baby the . . . that he / she is alone much left more time ?
I have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything...he/she sleeps.
I to have that say the does baby not scream after of her anything . . he . she / sleeps .
Have I to say the that baby does her not scream after of . anything . . he / she sleeps .
Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual.
Budgies are breast feeding birds it and be may is the male bisexual .
Budgies are breast feeding birds and may it be the is male bisexual .
When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he can't produce milk.
When the gets male his titts out the gets female with mad him he knowing can produce ' t milk .
The when gets male his titts out female the mad gets with him knowing he can ' produce milk t .
It's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm.
' it fine s - just sure make that room the the cage in is is kept warm .
' it s fine make - just sure that the room the is in cage is kept warm .
If the baby is feathered yet - which I'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine.
If the baby yet is feathered - which I ' m sure he mostly is he - be should . fine
If baby is the feathered - yet which I ' sure m he mostly is - should he be fine .
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby.
Just remember make sure to the mother is properly the caring for baby .
Just remember to make the sure is mother properly the caring for baby .
Ignore the answer above me, btw! ^_^
Ignore the above answer me , btw ! ^ _ ^
Ignore the above answer me , btw ! ^ _ ^
Can I text from Canada to the united states?
Can I text Canada from to the united states ?
Can I text Canada from to the united states ?
Ok maybe that isn't the right question, but my question is can you text from a united states number when your in canada, can you send texts to another united states number?
Ok maybe ' that isn t right the question , my but question is can you text from a united states number when in canada your , can you texts send another to united states number ?
Ok maybe isn that ' t the right question , but question is my you can text from a states united number when your canada in , you can send to texts another united states number ?
And do you get charged for it?
Do you and get charged for it ?
And you do charged get for it ?
Im sorry if I couldn't say the question right.
Sorry im if I couldn ' t say the question right .
Im sorry if I couldn ' say t the question right .
I hope somebody understands what I mean
I hope understands somebody I what mean
I hope somebody understands I mean what
In short Yes.
In Yes short .
In short . Yes
However not in all cases.
However not in cases all .
Not however in all cases .
If your (US) provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company, you texts and calls will go through.
If US your ( provider ) a has deal with a canadian wireless company , texts you and will calls go through .
Your if ( US ) provider has deal a canadian with wireless a company , you and texts calls will go through .
They will, however, cost a bunch.
Will they , however , cost a . bunch
Will they however , , cost a bunch .
The only way to know for sure is to call 611, or your cell phone help line, and ask.
Only the way to for know sure to is call , 611 your or cell phone help , line and ask .
The way only to know sure for is to call 611 , or your phone cell line help , and ask .
The phones and networks are compatible, so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone company..
The phones and networks compatible are so , only the it reason wouldn ' t work would if be you have , say a , cheap cell company phone . .
And the phones networks are compatible so , only reason the it wouldn ' t would work if you be have , say , a cheap cell company phone . .
Yes you can, but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international plan.
Yes you , can but it will cost lots you of unless money you an have plan international .
You yes can but , will it cost you lots of money you unless an have international plan .
Ye$ you can Text in CANADA to the U$ on a U$ number.
Ye can $ you Text CANADA in the to U $ on a U number $ .
$ ye you Text can in CANADA to the $ U a on U number $ .
Thi$ $ervice will co$t.
Thi $ ervice $ will co $ . t
$ thi $ will ervice co $ t .
It varie$ company to company.
It varie $ company to company .
It varie $ company company to .
You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada.
You may want get to a temporary phone your for trip Canada . to
May you want to a temporary get phone your for trip to Canada .
Is there any other way to communicate or do your friends only understand text.
There is other any way to communicate or your do friends understand only text .
There is other any way communicate to or do your friends understand only text .
Email usually free if you use a WiFi connection.
Email usually free you if use a WiFi connection .
Email usually free if you use WiFi a connection .
$ometime$ it is hard to explain that you are making an INTERNATIONAL call and all of the phone companie$involved what $ome of your money.
$ ometime $ it is hard to explain you that are an making INTERNATIONAL call and of all the $ phone what companie involved $ ome of your money .
$ ometime $ it is hard to explain that are you making INTERNATIONAL an call and all of the companie phone $ what $ involved ome of your money .
Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an "S" key on my computer.
Hope you unde $ the tood me $ age $ do I an have " S " on key my . computer
You unde hope $ tood the $ me $ age have I do an " S " on key my computer .
I need HELP with my Syrian Hamster !!!?
I HELP need with Syrian Hamster my ! ! ! ?
I need HELP with my Hamster Syrian ! ! ! ?
Hi, i bought my Syrian Hamster (Fernando) just yesterday and as i was told to leave
Hi i , bought my Hamster Syrian ( Fernando ) just and yesterday as was i to told leave
Hi , i bought Hamster my Syrian ( Fernando ) just and as yesterday i was told leave to
him to get to know his new home.
him to to get his know new home .
to him to get know his new home .
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now.
As i asked the in previous questions was he jumping up the of sides the cage but was i told is just becouse he panicking is and wants to he escape but he ok is now .
As i asked the in previous questions he jumping was up the sides of cage but the was i told just is becouse he is he panicking and to wants escape he but is ok now .
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand, i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube.
I so now wanted to bouild up relationship so with i him got a of piece carrot and i put it on hand my , i moved very and slowly he suddenly run his away to tube .
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with so him i got a piece carrot of and i put it on my i hand moved , very slowly he suddenly and run to away tube . his
Why, how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???
, why can how up i build realtion ship him with he also not is the useing thing that he runs on he wakes and up walks around and goes to sleep again ? ? ?
, how why can i build up realtion ship with is him also he not useing the thing he that runs on and he wakes up around walks and to goes sleep again ? ? ?
Please help im worried about him !!!
Please im help worried about ! him ! !
Help please im worried about ! him ! !
Thanks.
. thanks
. thanks
CHILL OUT!
OUT CHILL !
CHILL ! OUT
Firstly, your hammie was not stressed out, he wanted attention.
, firstly your hammie was not stressed out , he wanted attention .
Firstly , your hammie not was stressed out he , attention wanted .
Secondly, that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night.
Secondly , that normal is they behavior as use the wheels in night the .
Secondly , that is normal they behavior as use the wheels night in the .
Thirdly, just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their.
Thirdly , just put your in cge hand his ans leave it . their
Thirdly , just put hand your in cge his leave ans it . their
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit.
He willl eventually come and explore them it and you can a handle him bit little .
He willl eventually and come explore them it you and can him handle a little bit .
Hope I helped!
I hope helped !
I hope helped !
Give him time.
Him give time .
Him give time .
You only got him yesterday.
You got only him yesterday .
Only you got him yesterday .
He's probably still scared and unsure.
He ' s still scared probably and unsure .
He ' s probably scared and still unsure .
Once he has properly settled down, got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine.
He once has settled properly down , use to got the new smells noises and will he be fine .
He settled once has properly down , got use the to new smells and noises he will fine be .
Once he is more comfy with his surroundings, then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more.
Once is he more comfy his with surroundings , you can then start handling him getting and know to each other more .
Once he comfy is more with his surroundings then , you can start handling him getting and to know each other more .
But just give him time for now.
Give but just him time for now .
But give just him time for . now
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in?
Is Fujairah a nice to place live ? in
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in ?
My family and I are planning to shift to Fujairah in a couple of years.
My family and I are planning shift to to Fujairah in a years couple . of
My and family I are to to planning shift Fujairah in a couple of years .
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways.
So I needed to just know if is it suitable a to place live in and what in ways .
So I needed just know to if it a is place suitable to live in and in what ways .
Also that, I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai, is it true?
That also , heard in I next the few years Fujairah be would as good as Dubai is , it true ?
Also that , heard in I the next years few Fujairah would be good as as Dubai , is it true ?
I'd be happy if someone helps, especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there. :)
I ' d happy if be someone helps , someone especially who has to been Fujairah or lives there . : )
' I d happy be if someone helps , someone especially has who been Fujairah to lives or there . : )
I LIVE THERE!
LIVE I THERE !
I THERE LIVE !
... Ive been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way.
. . . been Ive living in Fujairah my entire and life I must say it that is developing in good a . way
. . . Ive been living Fujairah in entire my life and I must say it is that developing in good a way .
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have ALOT of projects to be done by 2012.
I think is 2012 to going a be great year for as Fujairah have we ALOT of projects be done to by 2012 .
Think I 2012 going is to be a great for year Fujairah as we have ALOT of projects done to be by 2012 .
Things to do in Fujairah..
To things in do Fujairah . .
Do things to in Fujairah . .
Its between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains!
Its sea between mountains and you so can camp on beach between or mountains !
Between its sea mountains and you so can camp beach on or between mountains !
... Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun.
. . . , Fishing Jet skies , snorkeling , diving some are the of things you do can . for fun
. . . Fishing , Jet skies snorkeling , diving , some are the of you things can do for . fun
And now they are finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes only!
And now they are finishing a between Fujairah road and Dubai 45 in only minutes !
Now and they are a finishing between road Fujairah and in Dubai 45 minutes only !
So, no it is not as good as Dubai, but its quieter and more peaceful, and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins.
, so no it is not good as as , Dubai but quieter its and more peaceful and you , can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .
No so , is it as not good Dubai as , but its quieter more and peaceful , you and can still go Dubai to in 45 mins .
please let me know if you need anything else
please let me know you if anything need else
please let know me if you need else anything
Visited Fujairah when in Dubai.
Visited Fujairah in when Dubai .
Fujairah visited when in Dubai .
Nothing like Dubai, and never will be!
Like nothing Dubai , and will never be !
Like nothing Dubai , and never will ! be
Don't know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you wouldn't want to end up like them!
Don ' t know economics the Fujairah of but is Dubai so basically bankrupt you wouldn t ' want end to up like them !
Don ' t know economics the of Fujairah but is Dubai basically bankrupt so you wouldn ' want t to up end like ! them
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it!
Unless you have a skill particular they need - and job offer firm going before - I would think twice about it !
Unless you have a particular skill need they - and firm job offer before going - I would twice think about it !
Are there any new Gaming console?
Any are there new Gaming console ?
Any are there new Gaming console ?
I don't know should i buy PS3 or X-BOX Kinect.
I don ' t know should i or buy PS3 X BOX Kinect - .
Don I t ' know should i PS3 buy or X - Kinect BOX .
Or even N-DS or PSP.
Even or N - or DS PSP .
Or N even - DS or . PSP
I'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X-BOX then a newer version comes out.
I m ' a when afraid little i buy PS3 or X - BOX then newer a version out comes .
' I m a little when afraid buy i PS3 or X - BOX then newer a version comes out .
( Same for N-DS and PSP)
( for Same N - DS and ) PSP
( Same for N DS - PSP and )
Wii U has been announced as well as the PS4 however the PS4 is only in development while the Wii U should be out next year.
U wii announced has been well as as the PS4 however PS4 is the only development in while the U Wii should be out next year .
Wii been U has announced as well as the PS4 the however PS4 only is in development while Wii the U be should out next year .
Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works.
Microsoft has not announced there new yet though console is it believed to the be in works .
Microsoft has not announced new there yet though console is it believed be to in the works .
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version.
No when matter you you buy get will a newer version .
Matter no when buy you will you get a newer version .
I feel X-BOX is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years, its very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the User Interface and the JOYSTICK....coz you dont wana hold a joystick that gives you discomfort.
I feel X - is BOX a very smooth system i own it like years 3 , its compatible very to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the User Interface and JOYSTICK the . . . . coz dont you wana hold joystick a gives that discomfort you .
I feel - X BOX a is very smooth system i own it like 3 years its , compatible very to previous versions mostly important and i very comfortable was with the User Interface and the . JOYSTICK . . . coz you dont wana hold a joystick that gives discomfort you .
XBOX Joys are soo comfyy.....
XBOX soo Joys comfyy are . . . . .
Joys XBOX soo are . comfyy . . . .
Performance - You get the same in all, just get a good TV.
- performance You the get same in all just , a get good TV .
Performance You - the get same in , all just a get good TV .
I don't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they don't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime.
I don ' t know about the situation but playstation I do that know Microsoft has said don they ' t see the 360 Xbox as being halfway even its through lifetime .
I ' don t know about the playstation but situation I do that know said Microsoft they has don ' t see the 360 Xbox as even being halfway through lifetime its .
Since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new Xbox so they don't plan on making another one for a while.
Since they released kinect this kind was of their releasing way a of new Xbox so don they ' t plan on another making a one for while .
Since they released kinect was this kind of way their releasing of a new Xbox so they ' don t plan on making one another for while a .
I do know they have already announced a new wii though and I don't know what Sony has said about playstation but again, if you get an Xbox (which I personally think is the best anyways) you should be set for a while.
I do know they have already announced a new wii and though I ' don t what know Sony has said playstation about but , again if you get an Xbox ( which I think personally is best the anyways ) you be should set for a while .
I do they know have already announced a new though wii and don I ' t know what Sony said has playstation about but , again if you get an Xbox ( which I personally think is best the anyways you ) should set be a for while .
What is the typical lifespan of a cat?
Is what the typical lifespan of cat a ?
Is what the typical of lifespan a cat ?
My cat had a seizure yesterday and was ill.
Cat my a had seizure yesterday was and ill .
Cat my a had seizure yesterday and ill was .
In fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another; and then he bounces back like nothing has happened.
Fact every in in once a while he to seems get ill in way or one another ; then and he back bounces like nothing has happened .
Fact in once every in a while seems he to ill get one in way or another ; then he and bounces like back nothing has happened .
I did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live, however different sources give wildly different lifespans.
Did I an search internet to ascertain how cats long can live , however sources different wildly give lifespans different .
I did an internet search ascertain to long how can cats live however , different sources wildly give different . lifespans
My cat is 18 years old.
My is cat 18 years . old
Cat my is years 18 old .
In your experience how long do cats do cats typically live?
In your experience how do long do cats typically cats live ?
In your experience how do long cats cats do live typically ?
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at?
Is on he his last legs or it is conceivable that he could for be around another 15 years as claimed is some of by the sources looking ive been at ?
He is on his legs last or is it that conceivable he could be around for another 15 as years claimed is some by the of ive been sources looking at ?
from my experience with my cats 13-18 years depending on the breed.
my from experience with my cats 13 - depending 18 years on breed the .
from my experience with my cats 13 - 18 years on the depending breed .
At 18 years, your cat has had a long life.
18 at years , cat your has a had long life .
18 at years , your cat has had long life a .
Indoor cats that are well cared for typically live 11-15 years.
Cats indoor that are well cared typically for 11 live - years 15 .
Indoor cats that are well cared for typically live - 11 15 . years
Older males often tend to have urinary tract issues, so your cat has done very well.
Males older often to tend urinary have tract issues , so your cat has very done . well
Males older often to tend have urinary tract issues , so your cat has done well very .
Male cats very seldom live past 14-15 years.
Very male seldom cats live past 14 - 15 years .
Male cats very seldom 14 live past - years 15 .
Stories of cats living more than 25 years are rare.
Stories cats of living 25 more than years are rare .
Stories of cats more living than years 25 rare are .
Ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional.
Had cats ive for 35 years the and oldest I cat ' ve ever had a was 23 old year and female she was exceptional .
Had ive cats for years 35 and the oldest cat ' I ve ever had was a 23 year old and she female was exceptional .
By comparison, outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3-7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environment.
By comparison outdoor cats , have life a expectancy 3 of 7 - years depending on many how predators are in local the environment .
Comparison by , cats outdoor have expectancy a life 3 of - 7 years on depending how many predators are in the environment local .
According to a couple sources, the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon, England who reportedly live to the age of 36.
According to a couple sources , world record the for the cat oldest was a cat in , Devon who England to reportedly live the age 36 of .
A according to couple sources , world the record for the oldest cat a was cat in Devon , England reportedly who live to the age 36 of .
I knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21.
I a knew cat that died in its aged 21 sleep .
Knew I a cat that died its in sleep 21 aged .
Anything after 12 is a bonus.
Anything 12 after is bonus a .
After anything 12 is bonus a .
Gaining and loosing my cockatiel's trust...?
And gaining my loosing cockatiel ' trust s . . . ?
Gaining loosing and my s cockatiel ' trust . . . ?
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel's trust, but now he's not coming to me when I open his cage.
I that thought I had gained my cockatiel s trust ' , but now he ' not s me coming when to I open his . cage
I thought that I gained my had cockatiel ' trust s , now but ' he s coming to not me when I his open cage .
What do I do?
What I do do ?
What I do do ?
Did anything happen before losing his trust?
Did anything happen before losing his trust ?
Did anything losing happen before his trust ?
Birds are hard to gain trust with, but it's lost so easily!
Birds hard are to gain trust , with but it ' s so easily lost !
Birds hard are gain to trust with , it but ' s lost easily so !
A simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being afraid of you.
Hand a simple could gesture have resorted to him being afraid you of .
A simple gesture could hand have to resorted being him afraid of you .
Eating by his cage and keeping a "sleep cage" in your room is a good idea.
Eating by cage his and keeping a " " sleep cage your in is room a good idea .
By eating his cage and keeping a " " sleep cage your in room is a idea good .
Birds eat and sleep with their flock, not predators.
Birds and eat sleep with their flock , . not predators
Birds and sleep eat their with flock , not predators .
Keep his cage open and go on your computer, or read a book, etc and maybe he will come out to you.
His keep open cage and go on computer your , or a read book , etc maybe he will and come out to you .
His keep cage open go and on your computer , or read a book , etc maybe and come he will out to you .
Let him go at his own pace, don't rush with him, and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird.
Him let at go his pace own don , ' t rush with him , never and ever resort to physical with violence bird your .
Let go his him at own , pace don ' t rush with him , and never ever resort to physical violence with bird your .
This with ruin your bond, and you probably won't have another chance to build one.
Ruin this with your bond and , you probably won ' t have another to chance build . one
This with bond ruin your , probably and you won ' t have another to chance build one .
Patience is the key. =)
Is the patience key . = )
Is the patience key . = )
he might never be a cuddly, loving, tame bird, but you can still have a friendly bond.
he might a never cuddly be loving , , tame , bird you but can still have a friendly bond .
he never might be cuddly a , loving , tame bird , but you can still have a friendly bond .
But then again he could be!
But then again he could be !
But again then could he be !
dat bird is smart.
dat is bird smart .
dat bird smart is .
like my dogs, they really like me and trust me, but when I open the door to get them outside, they run from me, they know I'm going to take them outside and they don't like it.
like dogs my , they like really and me trust me , but I when open the door to get them outside , run from they me , they I know ' m going to take them outside and don they ' it t like .
Dogs like my , really they like and me trust me , but I when the open door to get outside them , they run from me , know they I ' going m take to them outside and they don ' t like it .
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage, and birds don't usually like cages.
bird the must that know when you open cage the it door means that you will him put in the cage , birds and don ' t like usually cages .
the must bird know that when open you the cage door means it that you will him put the in cage , and don birds ' usually t like cages .
so, I don't think the bird don't trust you, but still don't like the cage.
so I , don ' t think the don bird ' t , trust you don but still t ' like the cage .
so , I don t ' the think ' bird don t trust you but , still don ' t like the cage .
How to make a breyer horse stable?
To how make a breyer stable horse ?
To how make a horse breyer stable ?
Hi im a big fan of breyer horses!
Im hi a big fan breyer of horses !
Im hi big a fan of breyer horses !
My breyers need stables or barns though.....and I need directions and materials on how to make them.
Breyers my need stables though or barns . . . . . and need directions and I on materials how to make them .
My breyers stables need or barns . though . . . . and I directions need materials and on to make how . them
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit.
I would 5 like maybe per stalls barn so make sure the stalls not are big that so can it fit .
Would I like 5 maybe stalls per barn so make sure the are stalls that not big so can it . fit
And I need to know where to buy the materials.
And need to I know where buy to the materials .
And I need to know where to buy materials the .
Please make this as simple as you can for my dad doesnt really not that good.
Please make this simple as as can you for my dad doesnt really that not good .
Make please this simple as as can you for my doesnt dad really that not good .
Pictures would help!
Would pictures help !
Pictures would ! help
NOTE:If i see a answer that i love i will make my best right there and then
NOTE : If i see a i answer that love will i make my best right there and then
NOTE : If i see that a answer i i love will make best my right there then and
Breyer horse , miniature/ model replica
Breyer , horse miniature / replica model
Horse breyer , miniature / replica model
sketch out floor plan, estimate size, draw front view, side view, and 3d orthographic perspective views,
sketch floor out , plan estimate size , draw view front , side view , 3d and orthographic perspective views ,
sketch floor out , plan estimate size , draw front , view side view , and 3d orthographic perspective , views
figure out how many stalls you want, then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse,
figure how out many want stalls you then , measure square cube sections for length and of horse width ,
Figure how out many stalls you want , then measure square cube for sections length and width of horse ,
measure size for platform, draw lines and mark sections, measure out wall sections and height,
measure for size platform , draw lines and mark sections , out measure wall sections height and ,
size measure for platform lines , draw and mark , sections measure out wall sections and , height
there are many small details, that you would have to work on as you go for doors and windows and roof,
there are many small details , would that have you to work on as you go doors for and windows and roof ,
there are many details small , that you would have to work on you as go for and doors and windows roof ,
check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts, you want carpenter wood glue, clamps, possibly small screws to hold corners together, miniature hinges, tape, paint, saws, drills, pencil ruler, paper, bryer horses
check hobby shops and craft shops for pieces small of stock wood panels and wood parts blocks , you want carpenter wood glue , clamps possibly , small screws hold to together corners , hinges miniature , tape , paint , saws , drills , pencil ruler , paper , bryer horses
check hobby shops and shops craft for small pieces of stock wood and panels blocks parts wood , want you carpenter wood glue , clamps , small possibly screws to hold corners , miniature together hinges tape , , paint saws , , drills , pencil ruler , paper , bryer horses
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood, or press-board, or plywood, and pre-cut 2by4 or slats, you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces,
wood can vary cork from or balsa wood , wood or board press - , or plywood , and pre cut - 2by4 or slats , you can check depot home hardware or shops for larger , pieces
can wood vary cork wood from or balsa or wood , press - board , or plywood , and - pre cut 2by4 , or slats you can check home depot or hardware larger shops for pieces ,
http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/HorseStable.php
: http / www / . binkyswoodworking . / com HorseStable . php
http : / / . binkyswoodworking www . com / HorseStable php .
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
http : / / www blueoakstables . com . breyerhorsebarns_barn003 / . asp
: http / / www . blueoakstables . com breyerhorsebarns_barn003 / asp .
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
: http / / . www railroadredux . com tag / / northwest - / shortline
: http / / www . railroadredux . com / / tag - northwest / shortline
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
: http / / www adventurehobbycraft . . / products com / . hobby_craft_supplies html # metal
: http / / . www adventurehobbycraft . com / / hobby_craft_supplies products . html metal #
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
http : / / www natureandtech . . / com page_id ? 2200 =
http : / www / natureandtech . com . / page_id ? = 2200
http://www.utrechtart.com/Craft-Supplies/Woodworking%20Supplies/
http : / / . utrechtart www . / com - Supplies Craft / Woodworking % 20Supplies /
: http / / . www . com utrechtart / Craft - Supplies / % Woodworking 20Supplies /
..
..
..
How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays?
How can get my i to kitten stop biting when he plays ?
How can i get my to kitten biting stop he when plays ?
I have a kitten who just turned 3 months today.
I a have kitten who turned just months 3 today .
A have I kitten who just turned 3 months today .
He's a good kitty, just when he plays he bites REALLY hard.
' he s a good kitty , just when he plays he bites hard REALLY .
He ' s a good kitty when , just plays he he bites hard REALLY .
Almost every day he'd even wake me up like 5am in the morning, trying to bite my arm.
Almost every day he ' even d wake me like up 5am in the morning , trying to bite my arm .
Almost every he day ' d even me wake up like 5am morning in the trying , bite to my arm .
And when I move it I guess he figures I'm playing. x.x
When and I move I it he guess figures ' I m playing . x x .
I and when it I move guess he figures I ' m playing . . x x
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together, and keep it that way til he panics.
I somewhere read that you have hold to mouth his , together and keep it way that til panics he .
I somewhere read that you to have hold his mouth , together and keep that it til he way panics .
That seems cruel to me though.
Seems that cruel to though me .
That seems cruel to . me though
Any other way??
Any other ? way ?
Other any way ? ?
Do you think he's teething?
Do think you ' he s teething ?
You do think he ' teething s ?
It's getting out of hand.
It ' s out getting hand of .
It ' s out getting of . hand
Yeah, I thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong.
Yeah , I thought the that his holding mouth thing wrong sounded .
, yeah I that thought the holding his thing mouth sounded wrong .
No worries, i didn't try.
Worries no , i ' didn t try .
No worries i , didn ' t . try
He does have toys, a scratching post, LOTS of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etc.
He have does , toys a scratching post LOTS of , mice balls , , yarn , a feathery toy birdy etc , .
Does he toys have , scratching a post , LOTS of , mice , balls , yarn feathery a birdy toy , etc .
He'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting.
He ' just d randomly up to walk you and start biting the .
He just ' d up randomly walk to you and start the biting .
When i put him off of my bed, he jumps back on and same thing.
When put i him off of bed my , he back jumps and same on thing .
I when put him off of bed my , jumps back he on same and thing .
he may be teething but i dont think it can be stopped.
May he teething be i but dont think it can be stopped .
he may be teething i but think dont can it be stopped .
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up
Buy maybe him toys he can that play with that give him a way to use his energy up
maybe buy him toys that he can play give with that him a way to use his up energy
yes do not hold any animals mouth shut it wil close their air way, hes just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys.
do yes not hold any animals shut mouth it wil their air close way , hes just a and kitty they very are rambunctious , get him toys .
Yes do hold any not mouth animals shut it wil their close way air , hes just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , him get toys .
lots of them, feather ones work best, also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed, to show him that you will not tolerate that, he will get it, hes also probably teething, so toys are your best bet
lots of them , feather ones work best , also when bites he you in the morning put him down off bed your , to him that show you will not tolerate , that he get it will , also hes probably teething so , toys are your bet best
lots of them , ones feather best work , also when he bites you the in put morning him off down your bed , to show him you that will not tolerate , that he will get it , hes also probably teething , so are toys your best bet
Which rat cage is better?
Which rat cage is ? better
Which rat is cage better ?
Hi, I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage.
Hi , I want get to few a rats pet and a need rat cage .
Hi , I want to get few a rats pet need and a cage rat .
(Apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover) Which of these two cages is better:
( from Apart wire the which flooring i am going to ) cover Which of these cages is two better :
( Apart the from flooring wire i which to am going cover ) Which of two these cages is better :
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893
: http / / ebay www . . . co uk itm / / 250927098564 ? var = 550057729382 ssPageName & = : STRK MEWAX : & IT _trksid = p3984 . m1438 l2649 . ht_2079wt_893 #
http : / / www . ebay . uk co . / itm / ? var 250927098564 = 550057729382 & = ssPageName STRK : MEWAX : & IT _trksid p3984 = m1438 . . # ht_2079wt_893 l2649
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
: http / www / . ebay . co . / uk / itm 130589513308 ? var = & 430034792128 ssPageName = STRK : MEWAX IT : _trksid & p3984 = . l2648 m1438 . # ht_1500wt_660
http : / / . www . ebay . uk co / itm / 130589513308 ? var 430034792128 = & ssPageName STRK = MEWAX : IT : & _trksid = p3984 . m1438 . # ht_1500wt_660 l2648
I cant decide between height or width.
I cant between decide or height width .
I cant decide between height or width .
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_
http : / / . www . ebay co uk . / itm / 250927098564 ? = var 550057729382 & = STRK ssPageName : MEWAX IT : & _trksid = . m1438 p3984 . l2649 ht_ #
: http / / www ebay . co . . uk / itm 250927098564 / ? 550057729382 var = & = ssPageName STRK : MEWAX : & IT = _trksid p3984 . m1438 l2649 . # ht_
This one is better for rats.
This one better is rats for .
This is one better rats for .
You always want to go higher rather than wider for rats.
Always you want go to higher rather than for wider rats .
You want always to go higher rather wider for than rats .
They LOVE to climb.
LOVE they to climb .
They to LOVE climb .
You will have to cover the wire flooring like you said, and make fleece covers for the stairs, so no ratty feet get caught and broken.
You have will cover to wire the flooring like said you , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no feet ratty get caught and . broken
You will have to the cover wire flooring like you said , make and covers fleece for the stairs , so no ratty feet caught get and broken .
This cage will hold about 2 - 3 rats.
Cage this will hold 2 about 3 - rats .
Cage this hold will 2 about - 3 rats .
Both are equal length so go for the taller one.
Both are equal length go so for the taller one .
Are both equal length so go for the taller one .
If you use this cage it's best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like.
If you use this cage it s best to ' remove wire the altogether shelves replace and it hammocks with and the like .
If you use it this cage ' s to best remove the wire shelves and altogether replace it with hammocks the and like .
I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it wasn't that great to be honest, pretty cheaply made, the door springs are annoying and it doesn't last very well.
Used I one of these cages short for term a pet it and wasn ' t that great be to , honest pretty made cheaply , the springs door are and annoying it doesn ' t last very well .
I one used of cages these short term a for it pet and wasn ' t that great to be honest , pretty cheaply made , door the springs annoying are and it doesn ' last t very well .
Here are some better options IMO:
Here some are better IMO options :
Here some are options better IMO :
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html
: http / / www . equinecaninefeline com . catalog / / - mamble hamster - narrow 100cm - - cage - - p html 12642 .
: http / www / equinecaninefeline . com . / / catalog - mamble hamster - narrow - 100cm cage - - p - . 12642 html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html
http : / / equinecaninefeline www . . / com / catalog - abode large metal - cage - - liberta - free - delivery p - - . 6679 html
: http / www / . equinecaninefeline . / com catalog / abode - - large metal - - cage liberta - - free - delivery - p . 6679 html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html
: http / / . www equinecaninefeline . com / catalog / savic - - freddy - free cage - delivery - 6750 p - html .
http : / / equinecaninefeline www . com . / / savic catalog - freddy - cage free - - delivery p - - 6750 html .
http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx
http : / / . www netpetshop . co . uk p / - savic 19500 - - chichi 2 - chinchilla - - rat - degu ferret - cage - aspx .
http : / www / . netpetshop . . co uk / p - - 19500 savic - 2 chichi - - chinchilla - - degu rat - - ferret cage aspx .
http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431
: http / / www justcages . . co . / uk ferret cages - / furet ferplast - - plus ferret - - # cage v_431
http : / / . www . justcages co . uk / - ferret / cages - furet ferplast - - plus ferret - # cage v_431
These are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the names you may be able to find one second hand...better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly made new one IMO.
Are these all bit a more expensive than your choice but you ebay if search names the you may be able to find hand one second . . . better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly IMO made new one .
These are all a bit more than expensive choice your if but you search ebay the you names may able be to find one second hand . . . better paying for a second in hand one good condition than poorly a made new IMO one .
The First One Is much Better!
The First much One Is Better !
First the One much Is Better !
I Have This Exact Cage, Bought From The Exact Ebay User.
I Have This Cage , Exact From Bought The Exact Ebay User .
Have I This Exact Cage , From Bought Exact The Ebay User .
Its Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats, But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :)
Its Really Good The Rat And Says Calculater Big Is For Enough Rats 5 , But I Put Would A Maximum Of 4 In Really It : )
Its Really Good And Rat The Calculater Is Says Big Enough 5 For , Rats But I Would Put A Maximum Of In 4 It : Really )
is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake?
is under tank heating or heating side better tank for a snake corn ?
under is tank heating or side better tank heating for a snake corn ?
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side.
i reading was the package a for tank i heater bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and said it can it be the put tank under or on the side .
i was package reading for the a heater tank for i bought 40 my tank gallon for snake my and it said it can be put under the tank or on side the .
im not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway.
im not worried about the surface damaging my tank is because on can i prop it up the off anyway surface .
not im about worried damaging surface the my tank on is i because can prop it up off the anyway surface .
from my understanding, if its heated from the bottom, my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate, but it has better heat distribution
from my understanding , if from its heated bottom the , my snake risks burning its belly if it and burrows rests directly on of top the glass over heater the unless buy i some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate , it but has better heat distribution
from my understanding , if its from heated the bottom , snake my risks burning its belly it if burrows and directly rests on top of the over glass the heater unless i buy of some that reptile carpet to put under the substrate but , it has better distribution heat
if its from the side i dont have to worry about propping it up, but the snake can still burn itself if it slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it doesnt distribute heat as well?
from if its the side i dont have worry to about propping it up , but the can snake burn still itself if it slithers along of the the side tank and i also read it that doesnt heat distribute as well ?
if its from side the i dont to have worry propping it about up , the but snake can burn still itself if slithers it along the of side the tank and i also read that it doesnt distribute as well heat ?
what are your suggestions and opinons?
what are and your suggestions opinons ?
are what your and suggestions opinons ?
i use UTH's on all of my burrowing snakes.
i use UTH ' s of on all burrowing my snakes .
Use I UTH ' s all on my of burrowing snakes .
they will move if they get too warm-it's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs.
They will move if get they too warm - s it ' like not a rock heat which you should avoid at all costs .
they move if will they too get warm - it ' s like not heat a rock you which should at avoid all costs .
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine.
usually put I my own natural over rock the UTH they and are perfectly fine .
i usually my own put rock natural over the UTH and are they perfectly fine .
i have over 40 corns, kings, and milks and have never had a problem with the UTH system.
Have I over 40 corns , , kings and milks and have never had problem with UTH a the system .
i 40 have over corns , , kings and milks never and have had a problem with UTH the system .
on the side is a waste-leave it on the bottom.
on the is side a - leave waste it on the bottom .
on is the side a waste - leave on it the bottom .
good luck!
good ! luck
good ! luck
Bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it like newspaper...
Bottom if you worried are about the burning snake itself something put like overt it newspaper . . .
Bottom if are you worried about snake the burning itself something put overt like newspaper it . . .
I now use a 75watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it
I now use 75watt a heat basking or for bulb mine and he to seems like it
I now use a basking 75watt or heat bulb mine for and he seems like to it
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner
The put heater the on snake he will it love and the the next day you will have dinner
heater put the on the snake he will love and it the the day next you will have dinner
What are good places to eat brunch at? ?
What good are places to at eat brunch ? ?
What are good to places eat brunch at ? ?
My bday is Saturday :) and I wanna have breakfast/lunch with my fam.
My is Saturday bday : ) and I wanna breakfast have / lunch my fam with .
My bday is Saturday : ) I and have wanna breakfast lunch / with my fam .
I was gonna have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny's and ihop.
Was I have gonna a party dinner that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know denny are s ' ihop and .
I was have a gonna dinner party that but night cousin my is having Having her bridal shower brunch so it is the but only places I know are denny s ' and ihop .
Oh and btw I live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^
And oh I btw live in los angeles look for in places like the area and torrance lb etc thanx ^ _ ^
Oh and I btw in live los angeles look places for like in the lb area torrance and thanx etc ^ _ ^
I would strongly suggest "The Breakfast Club" in Chicago.
Would I suggest strongly " The Breakfast Club " Chicago in .
I would strongly suggest The " Breakfast Club " in Chicago .
You can definately plan on a great meal with reasonable prices.
Can definately you plan on a great meal with prices reasonable .
Can definately you plan on a great meal with reasonable . prices
Don't be in a hurry though.
Don ' t be in a hurry though .
Don t ' in be a hurry though .
Just relax and enjoy.
Relax just and enjoy .
Just relax enjoy and .
They have fabulous French toast too.
They fabulous have French too toast .
They have French fabulous toast . too
The Breakfast Club & Grill is conveniently located just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway.
The Breakfast Club & Grill conveniently is just located two blocks off the . Kennedy Expressway
The Club Breakfast & is conveniently Grill located just two blocks off the Expressway Kennedy .
There is always plenty of parking on the street or in our private lot.
There always is plenty of parking street on the or our in private lot .
There is plenty always parking on of street the or in our private lot .
If you'd rather dine at home, simply call in your order with our take-out service.
You if d ' rather dine home at , call simply in order your with take our - out service .
If you d rather ' dine at , simply home call in your order our with take - service out .
Plenty of parking on the weekends..during the week please park in the little lot across the street.
Of plenty parking the on weekends . . the week during please park in the little lot across the street .
Plenty parking of on the weekends . . the during please week the park in little across lot the street .
Directions from the Kennedy: Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy.
From directions the Kennedy : Take the Ogden off Exit Kennedy the .
Directions from Kennedy the : Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy .
Go three lights down and take a right onto Ogden.
Go three down lights take a and right onto Ogden .
Go three lights down and take a right onto . Ogden
Continue two blocks to Hubbard and take another right.
Two continue to blocks and Hubbard take another right .
Two continue to blocks Hubbard take and another right .
We're at the corner of Hubbard and Noble.
' we re at corner the Hubbard of and Noble .
We ' re the at corner of Noble Hubbard and .
The Breakfast Club & Grill
The Club Breakfast & Grill
The Club Breakfast & Grill
1381 W. Hubbard
1381 W Hubbard .
W 1381 . Hubbard
Chicago, IL 60622
Chicago , 60622 IL
Chicago , 60622 IL
312-666-2372 Tel
312 666 - - 2372 Tel
312 - 666 2372 - Tel
Email Us
Us email
Us email
Hours of Operation:
Hours Operation of :
Of hours Operation :
Monday thru Friday
Monday Friday thru
Thru monday Friday
6:30am - 8:00pm
: 6 30am - 8 00pm :
6 : - 30am 8 00pm :
Saturday & Sunday
& saturday Sunday
Saturday Sunday &
7:00am - 5:00pm
7 00am : 5 - : 00pm
7 : 00am - : 00pm 5
Happy Hour
Hour happy
Hour happy
Monday thru Friday
Monday Friday thru
Thru monday Friday
4:00pm - 6:00pm
: 4 - 00pm 6 : 00pm
4 : 00pm - 00pm 6 :
$4 appetizers
$ appetizers 4
$ appetizers 4
$4 wine
$ wine 4
4 $ wine
$3 Coronas & Heineken
$ Coronas 3 & Heineken
$ 3 Coronas Heineken &
Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L.A. section.
You unless on plan being late for the bridal shower might you want post to this in again L the . . A section .
Unless plan you on being for late the bridal shower you might want to this again post in L the . A . section .
Question about the sinking of the Titanic?
About question the sinking of Titanic the ?
Question about the of sinking the ? Titanic
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912, was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking?
After the sinking of Titanic the in 1912 , was there law made a so that ships would enough carry lifeboats to on save everybody ship a if sinking it was ?
After sinking the of the Titanic in 1912 , there was a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save on everybody a it ship if was sinking ?
If yes, was Canada involved in this act/law?
, if yes was Canada involved in act this / law ?
If , yes was Canada in involved act this / law ?
Sorry, I'm just very nervous after watching the movie.
, sorry I ' m just very nervous watching after movie the .
, sorry I ' m just very after nervous watching movie the .
SOLAS (Safety Of Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treaty, came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic.
( SOLAS Of Safety Life Sea ) At which , is an international maritime treaty , came about response in the to tragedy the of Titanic .
( SOLAS Safety Life Of Sea At ) , is an which international maritime treaty , came about in to response tragedy the the of Titanic .
Today, it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships, regardless of country of registration.
, today the it is primary law safety affecting virtually all ships , regardless of country registration of .
Today , is it primary the safety affecting law virtually all ships regardless , of of country registration .
If you ever go on a cruise ship, you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill (lifeboat drill) within 24 hours of sailing.
If you ever on go cruise ship a , you will be to required attend a SOLAS muster ( drill drill lifeboat ) within 24 hours of sailing .
If you go ever on cruise a , ship you will be required to attend SOLAS muster a drill ( lifeboat drill ) within hours 24 of sailing .
Most ships perform this drill before even leaving the dock.
Most ships this drill perform before even leaving dock the .
Most ships perform this drill before even leaving the . dock
SOLAS covers just about every aspect of safety at sea, including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats, navigation practices, fire protection, and so on.
Covers SOLAS about every just aspect safety of sea at , including minimum equipment safety , practices , and standards , lifeboats , navigation practices fire , and protection , so on .
SOLAS covers about just every aspect sea of safety at , including minimum safety equipment , practices , and standards lifeboats , , navigation practices , protection fire , so and on .
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS, and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy, the adoption of SOLAS is probably it.
Are we safer much on today board ship due to SOLAS , and if suppose I any good came out of the tragedy Titanic , the adoption of is SOLAS it probably .
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , suppose and I if any came good out the of Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably . it
http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
http : / / . www caribbean cruising - net .
http : / / www caribbean . - net cruising .
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------
Edit: Also I forgot to mention earlier, most (if not all) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills weekly, and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into the water as part of their drill when you are in port.
Edit : Also forgot I to mention earlier most , ( if not all ) cruise also ships practice drills lifeboat weekly , it and is not uncommon to see to them actually the launch lifeboats into the water part as of their drill when you are in port .
: edit Also I forgot to , mention earlier most ( if all not ) cruise ships also lifeboat practice weekly drills , and is it not to uncommon see them to actually launch lifeboats the into the water part as of their drill when you are in port .
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed, but makes the crew proficient at launching them.
This only not ensures the lifeboats operational are and will if needed work , makes but the crew at proficient launching them .
Not this ensures only lifeboats the are operational and will work if needed , makes but the proficient crew launching at them .
I don't think so
Don I ' t think so
I don ' t so think
Don't worry.
Don t ' worry .
Don t ' worry .
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking?
Was when last the time you heard a about ship sinking ?
When was the last time you heard ship about sinking a ?
100 years ago?
100 ago years ?
Years 100 ago ?
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan?
What some are fun things I could do in Japan while ?
What some are things fun I could do in while Japan ?
I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do?
I ' be ll in for Okinawa about a week I so was wondering what are fun things some could I do ?
I ll be ' in Okinawa for about week a so was I wondering what some are fun things could I do ?
I'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything.
I ' m 20 a year old travelling female myself by it so could anything be .
I ' m 20 a year female old travelling by myself so could it be anything .
Besides the obvious tourist spots which I already have planned for.
Besides the obvious tourist spots which I have already planned for .
Besides obvious the spots tourist I which already have planned for .
How is the night life in Naha?
How the night is life in Naha ?
How is the night life in Naha ?
Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at all?
Are any there good that venues showcase bands underground , just or a at venue all ?
Are any there venues good that showcase underground , bands just or a at venue all ?
It doesn't have to be underground it could be any type of music.
It doesn ' have t be to underground it be could any type of . music
Doesn it t ' have to be underground it could be any type of music .
Thanks
Thanks
Thanks
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach.
The best thing you can do in is Okinawa to to beach go a .
The thing best you can do in Okinawa is go to a to . beach
Otherwise, you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etc.
Otherwise , you can do what you in can other do parts or Japan , like shopping , eating , . etc
, otherwise you can what do can you in do other parts or , Japan like shopping eating , , etc .
Or you can visit temples or shrines in Okinawa.
Can or you temples visit or shrines in Okinawa .
Can or you visit temples or in shrines Okinawa .
Well first you can try speaking Japanese.
Well first you can speaking Japanese try .
Well first can you speaking try Japanese .
Go to a sumo tournament.
Go a to sumo tournament .
Go to a tournament sumo .
Eat at a conveyor-belt sushi restaurant.
At eat a - conveyor belt sushi restaurant .
At eat a conveyor - belt restaurant sushi .
Climb Mount Fuji.
Mount climb Fuji .
Mount climb Fuji .
Okinawa is quite different from the rest of Japan, although of course there are similarities.
Okinawa different is from quite the rest of Japan , of course although there are similarities .
Okinawa is different quite from rest the of Japan , although course there of similarities are .
The main thing people do there is go to the beach.
The main thing people do there is go to the . beach
The thing main do people there is go the to beach .
There's the market in Naha, which is great.
There ' s the market Naha in , is which . great
' there s the in market Naha , is which great .
You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious, fresh sashimi/sushi lunch upstairs.
You can find all of sorts food and fresh a get delicious really , fresh sashimi sushi / lunch upstairs .
You can find all sorts of and fresh food delicious get a really , fresh / sashimi sushi lunch upstairs .
Try the local sake too if you can.
The try local too sake if you can .
Try the local sake too if you can .
It's a special kind.
' it s a special . kind
' it s a kind special .
I'm not sure that there's much nightlife in Naha.
' I not m sure that there ' much s in nightlife Naha .
' I not m sure that there ' s much in Naha nightlife .
It's more of a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etc.
It ' more s of a place to to enjoy the go , weather the sea , etc .
' it more of s a place to go to enjoy weather the , the sea etc , .
You might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya (pub) somewhere.
You have might to make your own nightlife finding an by izakaya ( ) pub . somewhere
You have might make to your nightlife finding own by an izakaya ( pub ) somewhere .
Your best bet would probably be to get a copy of the Lonely Planet Japan book and read the chapter on Okinawa.
Best your bet would probably to get be copy a of the Lonely Planet Japan book read the and chapter on Okinawa .
Your best would bet probably to be a get copy of the Lonely Planet and Japan read book the chapter on Okinawa .
Naha's not a very big city.
Naha ' s not a very big city .
Naha ' s not very a city big .
Modern m16 vs Vietnam m16 version?
M16 modern vs Vietnam version m16 ?
M16 modern vs Vietnam version m16 ?
I was playing a video game that has a m16 Vietnam model, and in the game it's 3-shot burst.
I playing was video a that game has a m16 Vietnam model , and the in game it ' 3 s - shot burst .
Was playing I video a game a that m16 has Vietnam , model and in the game it ' s 3 - shot burst .
My brother said they only had full-auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam.
My said brother they had only - full auto semiautomatic and during Vietnam .
My brother they said had - only full auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam .
My questions are..
Questions my are . .
My are questions . .
1) what thes difference between a modern m16 and Vietnam m16?
1 ) what thes difference a between modern m16 and Vietnam m16 ?
what 1 ) thes difference a between modern m16 and Vietnam m16 ?
2) did Vietnam m16's have a 3-shot burst function?
) 2 did m16 Vietnam ' s a have 3 shot - burst function ?
) 2 did m16 Vietnam ' s a have 3 - shot function burst ?
To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition for the new M-16s being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older (dirtier) type of gunpowder meant for use with the M-14.
To save money Robert McNamara ordered that ammunition the for the new M 16s being - to sent SEA the in early 60s use older an ( dirtier ) of type gunpowder meant for use with M the - 14 .
Save to Robert money ordered McNamara that the for ammunition the new M - 16s sent being SEA to in early 60s the use an older ( dirtier ) type of gunpowder meant for with the use M - 14 .
He also ordered that the receiver not get a (I think chrome) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming.
He ordered also that receiver the get not a I ( think chrome ) coating helped that the keep gun from jamming .
He ordered also that not the get receiver a ( I chrome think ) coating that helped keep the gun jamming from .
Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self-cleaning, which it wasn't.
Than the being troops the issued were weapon told it was self - cleaning which , it wasn ' t .
The than troops being issued the weapon were told self was it cleaning - , it which wasn ' t .
As a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming.
A as there result was problem a with the weapon jamming .
A as result there was a problem with weapon the . jamming
Once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly (even with the dirtier powder) the Vietnam era M-16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for.
The once troops cleaning started the weapon properly ( even with the dirtier powder ) the Vietnam era M - out 16 turned to be a good weapon purpose for was it the being for used .
Once the troops cleaning started weapon the properly even ( with the dirtier powder ) the Vietnam era M - 16 turned to out be a weapon the good for purpose it was used being for .
The screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military.
The screw - was up the kind you of things have happen when you have bean - counters ( and McNamara was if nothing not a bean - counter ) instead of in soldiers charge of military the .
The screw - up was the of kind you things happen have when you have bean - counters ( McNamara and was if nothing not a bean - counter ) of instead soldiers charge in the of military .
Today's weapons do not have that kind of problem, and are much more reliable.
' today weapons do s not have that kind of , problem and much are more reliable .
Today s weapons ' do not have that of kind problem and , are much reliable more .
1) modern m16 is alright.
1 ) modern is m16 . alright
1 ) is modern m16 alright .
Vietnam m16 used to clog up and never work.
M16 vietnam to used clog up and work never .
Used vietnam m16 to up clog and never work .
2) All M16's are either automatic or semi automatic.
2 ) All M16 ' s are automatic or semi either automatic .
2 All ) M16 ' s are either or automatic semi . automatic
No one uses 3 burst.
No one 3 uses burst .
No uses one 3 burst .
you play too much cod ;P
Too you play much cod ; P
You play too much cod ; P
modern m16 is best
modern m16 best is
m16 modern is best
Planning on going to New Zealand in January.
Planning on going to New Zealand in January .
Going planning on to New Zealand in January .
Is it OK to holiday in Christchurch since the Earthquakes?
Is OK it to holiday in Christchurch Earthquakes since the ?
Is it to OK holiday Christchurch in since Earthquakes the ?
Are the hotels back up and running?
Are hotels back the up and running ?
Hotels are the back up and running ?
Are there still aftershocks?
Are there still ? aftershocks
Are there still ? aftershocks
Planning on going to North and South Island.
Planning going on to and North South Island .
Planning on going North to and South . Island
Is it safe to go to Rotarua, since the earthquakes?
Is it safe go to to Rotarua since , the earthquakes ?
Is it safe to Rotarua go to , since earthquakes the ?
Rotorua is fine.
Is rotorua fine .
Is rotorua fine .
I'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake, don't worry, it was very deep, so nothing was effected :)
I m ' assuming was in this reference the to January earthquake , don ' t worry it very , was , deep so nothing was effected : )
I m assuming ' this in was reference to earthquake the January , don ' t worry , was it very deep , nothing so effected was : )
As for Christchurch, yes the aftershocks are still happening, but these are fairly small - you can feel them, but the don't do any damage.
As for Christchurch , the yes aftershocks are still happening , but these are small fairly - you feel can them , don but the ' t any do . damage
As for Christchurch , yes aftershocks the are happening still , but these small are fairly can - you feel , them but the don t ' any do damage .
Since lots of people are still living there, then it must be fine to visit.
Since lots people are of living still , there then it must be fine visit to .
Lots since people of still are living there , then be it must fine to visit .
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and hasn't been cleared away yet.
However the CBD is closed to of public the as lot a it of is still rubble and and stuff hasn ' been t away cleared yet .
However the CBD is closed of to public as the lot a it of still is and rubble and stuff hasn ' t cleared been away yet .
I'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area, but if not then there would be some in close by towns.
I ' m that sure you find some can hotels that are running the in area christchurch , but not if then there would be some in by close towns .
I m ' sure that can you some find that are hotels running in christchurch the area , but if not then there would be some in close towns by .
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch, just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes.
Despite aftershocks the I would going recommend to , Christchurch for just experience the and you then see can first hand how things get by effected earthquakes .
Despite the aftershocks I recommend would to going Christchurch , just for experience the and you then see can first how hand things get effected . by earthquakes
Have fun in New Zealand!!
Fun have in New ! Zealand !
Have fun Zealand in New ! !
(ps. I'm assuming you'll stop off in Wellington, and since its summer, may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos?
( ps . ' I you m assuming ll ' stop off in Wellington , and its since , summer I may recommend kaffee eis creams ice gelatos and ?
( ps . I ' m assuming you ' stop ll in off Wellington , since and summer its , may I recommend eis kaffee ice creams and gelatos ?
Just recently discovered them last time I was down there, they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
Just recently discovered them last I time down was there , they ' re very nice ) www . . kaffeeeis nz co .
Just recently discovered them time I last down there was , they re ' nice very www ) . kaffeeeis . co . nz
Loads of places have geographical hazards, if you are constantly paranoid, you'll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure.
Loads of places have hazards geographical , you if are , constantly you paranoid ' never ll get anywhere a without sense of adventure .
Loads places of have geographical hazards , you if are constantly paranoid you , ' ll get never anywhere without a of sense adventure .
In case of an earthquake, stay under a sturdy table and don't go outside as possible debris will fall.
Case in of earthquake an , stay under sturdy a table and don ' t go outside possible as will debris . fall
Of in case an earthquake , under stay a sturdy table and don ' go outside t as possible will debris fall .
Yes it's ok.
Yes it s ' ok .
Yes it ' ok s .
Yes, yes and yes.
Yes yes , and yes .
Yes , yes yes and .
Nothing wrong with rotorua
Wrong nothing with rotorua
Wrong nothing with rotorua
Help?!
? help !
? help !
What size horse do i need?
Horse what size do i need ?
What size horse do i need ?
Im around 5'2 - 5'4 , 11 years old and im wondering what size horse i'll need that i wont grow out of quickly?
Im around 5 ' 2 - 5 ' 4 , years 11 and im old what wondering i size horse ' ll that need wont i grow out of ? quickly
Im around 5 ' 2 5 - ' 4 , 11 years and old im wondering size what horse i ' need ll that i wont out grow of quickly ?
thanks
thanks
thanks
louise
louise
louise
I would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc.
I would say depends it really on your ability riding , disciplines what you are interested doing in , on or plan doing , etc .
I say it would really on depends riding your , ability what you are disciplines interested in doing , or plan on doing , etc .
But I would go for the base number of 15hh.
I but would for go the base number 15hh of .
But I would for go the base number of 15hh .
It's "tall" being it's bigger than a pony, but it's on the small end for a horse.
It ' s " " tall it being ' s bigger than pony a , but ' it s on the small end for a horse .
S it ' " tall being " it ' s bigger than pony a but , ' it s on the small end for a horse .
I got my horse when I was 12 and I was already 5'9-5'10, thankfully I stopped growing when I hit 5'11" but my horse is about 16.2 or 16.3hh, TB.
Got I when my horse was I and 12 I was 5 already ' 9 - 5 ' 10 thankfully , I stopped when growing hit I 5 ' 11 " but my horse is 16 about . 2 or 16 . 3hh , TB .
My got I horse when I was 12 and I was 5 already ' 9 5 - ' , 10 thankfully I stopped growing when I hit ' 5 11 but " my is horse about 16 2 . or 16 . 3hh , TB .
So don't be afraid to get something a little bigger than "perfect" just in case you hit a growth spurt.
Don so ' t be afraid to get something a little than " perfect bigger " in just case you hit a growth spurt .
So don t ' afraid be to get something a than little bigger " perfect just " case in hit you a growth spurt .
A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle.
A taller doesn horse t always ' mean a horse you can ' handle t .
A taller doesn horse ' always t a mean you horse can ' t handle .
Keep that in mind.
Keep in that mind .
Keep in that mind .
Also keep in mind whether you want to be able to jump up from the ground, if you even need to, etc.
Also keep in mind whether you want be able to to jump up the from , ground you if even to need , . etc
Keep also in mind whether want you be to to able jump up from the , ground if even you need to etc , .
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is, you can handle it.
Just you want to you be sure can and groom saddle sufficiently and the itself horse is calm enough so whatever that it size is you can , handle it .
You just want to sure be you can groom saddle and sufficiently and the horse is itself calm enough that so size whatever it is you , can it handle .
i'm5'3-4" and am 21 well will be in Nov and my horse is 14.2hh and she's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block.....only with a saddle though haha i can't bareback, not yet
i ' m5 ' 3 - 4 " am 21 and well will be Nov in my and horse is 14 . 2hh and she ' s perfect size for me i hop can right on with no mounting block . . . . . only with a saddle though haha can i ' bareback t , yet not
i m5 ' ' 3 - 4 " and am 21 well will be in and Nov my horse is 14 . 2hh she and ' s for perfect i size me can hop right with on no mounting block . . . . . with only a saddle though haha i can ' t bareback , yet not
If you Don't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14'2 ..
If Don you ' want t grow to of out it get quickly a 14 ' 2 . .
You if Don ' t to want out grow it of get quickly a 14 ' 2 . .
Anything smaller you will grow out, anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and manage, especially when riding.
You anything will smaller grow out , anything will bigger be too big and to difficult and manage control , especially when riding .
Smaller anything you grow will out , anything will bigger be too and big difficult control to and manage , when especially . riding
Hope I helped :)
Hope I : helped )
Hope helped I : )
Where in the world is Iguazu?
Where in world the Iguazu is ?
Where world in the is Iguazu ?
Iguazu Falls
Falls iguazu
Falls iguazu
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world, the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil, are a certainly must see attraction in the area.
Widely considered to be one of most the waterfalls spectacular the in , world the Iguazu on Falls of the border and Argentina , Brazil are a certainly must see attraction the in area .
Widely considered to one be the of most waterfalls spectacular the in world , the Falls Iguazu the on of border Argentina and , Brazil a are certainly must attraction see in the area .
The centre of the falls is known locally as Garganta Del Diablo (The Devils Throat), where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air.
Of the centre the falls is known as locally Garganta Del  Diablo  ( The  Devil s ) Throat , where the huge volume of sends water a of constant mist spray into the air .
The centre of the falls known is locally  as Del Garganta  Diablo ( The Devil  s Throat ) , huge where the volume of sends water constant a mist of spray into the air .
With the sun shinning down on the spray, creating a rainbow in the foreground, this is the perfect place to get that trademark Iguazu Falls photograph.
The with sun down shinning on the spray , creating a rainbow the in foreground , this is the perfect to place get that Falls trademark Iguazu photograph .
With the shinning sun down the on , spray creating a rainbow in the , foreground this is perfect the to place get that Iguazu trademark photograph Falls .
However, save some of your shots for the rest of the falls, as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River.
However , some save shots your of for the rest of the falls , as total are in there cascades around 270 that spread out nearly over 2 miles of the Iguazu River .
However , save some of shots for your the of the rest falls , as total in there are around 270 cascades spread that out over nearly 2 miles of the River . Iguazu
The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible and, dependent on your time restrictions and budget, you can get to the area by either bus or plane.
The Falls Iguazu are easily and accessible , dependent on time your and restrictions budget you , get can the to area by bus either or plane .
Iguazu the are Falls easily and accessible , dependent time on your restrictions and budget , you can to get the area by either bus or plane .
The nearest towns to the site are Puerto Iguazu in Argentina, about 12 miles from the falls, and Foz do Iguau in Brazil, which is equally close.
Towns the to nearest the site Puerto are in Iguazu , Argentina about 12 miles from the falls and , do Foz Iguau in Brazil , which is close equally .
The nearest towns to site the Puerto are in Iguazu Argentina , about 12 miles the from , falls and do Foz in Iguau Brazil which , is equally . close
Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires.
Towns both have airports that are served regularly from the larger Sao cities such Paulo as , Rio de and Janeiro Aires Buenos .
Towns both have that airports served are regularly from the larger cities as Sao such Paulo , de Rio Janeiro Buenos and Aires .
The bus is obviously the cheaper option, and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours, although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats.
The obviously bus is option the cheaper , and travelling up from Buenos Aires trip is the a full 20 hours , although the are buses comfortable very with reclining spacious seats .
The bus obviously is cheaper the option , and up travelling from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours , although the comfortable are buses very spacious with seats reclining .
The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours.
The bus trip down Sao from is Paulo similar a affair taking 18 around hours .
The bus trip down Sao from is Paulo a affair similar taking around hours 18 .
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town, however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks, and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets.
Foz on Brazilian the side is the larger however town , both are geared up to cater visitors for the to and Waterfalls Parks National , so and offer a of range accommodation all for budgets .
Foz Brazilian on the side is the town larger , are however both geared up to for cater visitors the to and Waterfalls National Parks , and so a offer range of accommodation all for budgets .
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget, there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls.
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery a and larger budget , there are some complexes hotel to much closer action the with views of of the parts falls .
For those with a appetite larger for scenery the and a budget larger , there are some complexes much hotel closer the to action with views parts of of the falls .
Paris or England while studying aboard?
Paris or England studying aboard while ?
Paris or studying England while aboard ?
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I cannot decide where do you think would be the best place to go?
I am going to try study and aboard but idk where I can I go decide cannot where do you think be the would best place go to ?
Am I to going try and aboard but study idk where I can go I cannot decide you where do think be would best the place to go ?
where would you go?
where would you ? go
where you would go ?
I have never been anywhere out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina please help!!!!
I have never been anywhere side my out town home Charlotte north Carolina please help ! ! ! !
Have I never been anywhere out my home side town Charlotte Carolina north help please ! ! ! !
definitely London -
definitely - London
London definitely -
you speak the language and will have more fun.
Speak you the language and have will fun more .
you speak language the and have will fun more .
The French tend to look down on the Americans and treat them bad.
The French down tend to look on the and Americans treat them bad .
French tend the to look on down Americans the and treat them bad .
London is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around.
London a is deliteful city to visit and easy to get around .
London is a city deliteful visit to and easy to around get .
You will be able to have a good time there.
You will be able to a have time good . there
You will be to able a have time good there .
%
%
%
As you're from the States you'll have much more fun in London.
As you re the ' from States ' you ll have much more in fun London .
' as you re the from States you ' have ll much more fun London in .
Parisians dislike Americans for their lack of speaking French and proper French manners.
Dislike parisians Americans for their lack speaking of proper French and French manners .
Dislike parisians for Americans lack their of speaking French proper and French manners .
I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal (apparently this is "washing down" your food") and not ordering wine.
I was to told a because leave I restaurant water ordered with meal my ( apparently this is " washing down " food your " ) and ordering not wine .
I told was to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with meal my ( apparently is this washing " down " your food " ) and not ordering . wine
You'll need to have intermediate French to have a good time in Paris.
You ll ' need have to French intermediate to a have good time in Paris .
' you ll to need have French intermediate to have a good time Paris in .
However, outside Paris everybody is wonderful.
However , Paris outside is everybody wonderful .
However , Paris outside is everybody wonderful .
Nobody likes the Parisians, even then Parisians don't like Parisians.
Nobody likes Parisians the , then even Parisians don ' t like Parisians .
Nobody the likes Parisians , then even Parisians don like ' t Parisians .
South France is wonderful, right on the Mediterranean.
France south is wonderful right , the on Mediterranean .
France south is wonderful right , on Mediterranean the .
It's beautiful and the people are extremely friendly.
It ' s beautiful and the people extremely are friendly .
It ' s and the beautiful people extremely are friendly .
I used to live in London for 6 months and it's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world (I've been to 45 countries in 5 years).
I used to live in London for 6 months it and ' s by one far of my favorite to places in be the world ( I ' ve to been countries 45 in 5 years ) .
Used I to in London for live months 6 and it ' s far by one of favorite my places to be in the world I ( ve ' to been 45 countries in 5 years ) .
Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly.
Everything the about is place magical the and people are mostly friendly .
Everything the about place magical is and the people are mostly . friendly
However, if you're allowed another option and you want a small-town feel, then head to Edinburgh, Scotland.
However , if ' you re another allowed option and want small you a - town feel , then head to , Edinburgh . Scotland
However , you if ' re allowed another option you and want small a town - feel then head , to Edinburgh Scotland , .
I lived there for 8 months.
Lived I for there 8 months .
Lived I for there 8 months .
If your French is good/moderate, then head to Paris without a doubt.
Your if French is good / moderate , head then to Paris without doubt . a
Your if French is / good , moderate then head to Paris without a . doubt
I also highly recommend staying with a French family.
I also highly staying recommend a with French . family
Also highly I recommend staying a with French family .
I did this at age 13 in Champagne, France and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing.
I this at did age 13 in Champagne , France it and was most the amazing my experice of upbringing .
Did this I age at in 13 Champagne , and France was it the most amazing experice of my upbringing .
does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada?
does the bta to be have paid to first come to canada ?
the bta does have be to paid first to come to canada ?
There is NO such thing as a BTA.
There is such thing NO as a BTA .
There is NO such as thing a . BTA
That is a term invented by online romance scammers
That is a term invented by romance scammers online
Is that a invented term by online romance scammers
http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
http : / / www country . - . couples uk co . / datingtips / basic travel - - allowance - - bta scam dating - /
http : / www / country . - . couples co . uk / datingtips basic / travel - - - allowance bta - scam dating - /
"Second only to flight money, the Basic Travel Allowance (BTA) is the scammers highest paying income.
" only Second flight to the money , Basic Travel Allowance BTA ( ) is the scammers highest paying . income
" only to flight Second , money Basic the Travel Allowance ( BTA ) is scammers the highest paying income .
Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance, Travellers Allowance Fee, Travellers Assistance Fund, Travellers Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of I have to have wodges of your cash or they wont let me fly.
Also known as the Personal Travel , Allowance Travellers Fee Allowance , Travellers Assistance Fund , Travellers and Assurance Fund numerous other forms  of I have to have wodges of your or cash  they won t let me fly  .
Also as the known Personal Allowance Travel , Travellers Allowance Fee , Travellers Assistance , Fund Travellers Assurance Fund other and numerous forms of I  have to have wodges of your or cash they won  let t me  fly .
Lets get this over with now
Let  s get this with over  now
 let s get this over now with 
THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more, anywhere, its an online dating scam."
IS THERE NO SUCH any THING , more , anywhere it  s an online dating . scam "
THERE IS NO SUCH THING more any anywhere , , it an  s dating online scam . "
http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231
http : / / www romancescam . com . / forum / viewtopic . ? php 7231 t =
http : / / www romancescam . com . forum / / viewtopic . php t ? 7231 =
"THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCE!!
" IS THERE NO SUCH THING AS ALLOWANCE BASIC TRAVEL ! !
" IS SUCH THERE NO THING AS BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCE ! !
Please remember: there is NO such thing.
Remember please : there is NO thing such .
Please remember : NO there is such thing .
There is NO such requirement, in any country of the world.
Is there NO requirement such , in any country of the . world
Is there NO requirement such , in any country of world the .
This is an invention of the scammers. "
This an is invention of scammers the . "
Is this an of invention the scammers . "
A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp
Single a to call will CIC confirm there NO is such thing as BTA a to Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http : / / www . cic . gc . ca / english contacts / index / asp .
A single to call CIC confirm will there is NO such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone for asking is this a scammer http : / / . www gc cic . . ca / english contacts / index / asp .
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name, birthdate, home address, etc or that you were not conned into sending money.
That pray just you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your be to stolen identity - full your name , birthdate , home address , or etc that you were not conned sending into money .
Just pray you that have not ever given this enough criminal information for your identity to be - stolen your full birthdate name , , home address , etc or you that not were into conned sending money .
This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity
This person is coming not to visit - you the point whole this of is scam to your gain trust enough to steal your money and identity
Is this person not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain trust your enough to steal and your identity money
Contact the Anti-Fraud Centre to report this http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html
The contact - Anti Centre Fraud to report this http : / / . www antifraudcentre - centreantifraude . ca / english / - home eng html .
The contact - Anti Fraud Centre this to http report : / / . www antifraudcentre centreantifraude - . ca / english / home - eng html .
No.
. no
. no
BTA only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS.
BTA only exists in the SCAMMERS mind of .
BTA only exists the in of mind SCAMMERS .
100% SCAM.
100 SCAM % .
% 100 SCAM .
cut of all contact and tighten up your PC security.
cut of all contact tighten up and your security PC .
cut of all contact and tighten up PC your security .
There is no such thing as a BTA or "Basic Travel Allowance"-this is 100% a scam-as the first poster said,cut off any and all contact with this person-they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be.
There is no such as a thing or BTA " Travel Basic " Allowance - this is 100 % a scam as - the poster first said , cut off any and contact all with this person - they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be .
Is there no such thing as a or BTA " Basic Travel Allowance " - is this 100 % a scam - as first the poster said , cut off any and all contact with this person they - are NOT or who what are claiming they to be .
The below site from the US government verifies this-it's the same for Canada ,too.....
Below site the the from US verifies government this - it ' the s same Canada , for too . . . . .
The below site from the US verifies this government it - ' s same the for , Canada too . . . . .
http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html
http : / / nigeria . . gov usembassy / scams html .
http : / / . nigeria usembassy gov . scams / . html
How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce?
I how can make my Jack Dempsey reproduce ?
How can i my make Dempsey Jack reproduce ?
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate
i have a Mature male and they are female together a lot but never eggs as laid far as i know can help figure anyone me out how to make them mate
a I have male Mature and they female together are lot a but never laid eggs as far as i can know anyone help figure me how out to make them mate
He's the issue, you are trying to "Make" them mate.
He ' the s , issue you trying are to Make " " them mate .
He ' the s issue , are you trying " to Make " them . mate
This is like trying to Make 2 people get married.
This is like trying Make to 2 get people . married
Is this like trying 2 to Make people get married .
It doesn't work.
It doesn t ' work .
It doesn ' t . work
First you need a compatible pair.
First you need a compatible pair .
First need a you compatible pair .
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other, so there is hope there.
Sounds like your 2 at each least tolerate other , so is there there hope .
Sounds your like 2 at least each tolerate , other there so is hope there .
Then the need to be mature, that is, old enough, and big enough to breed.
Then the to need be mature is , that , enough old , and big to enough breed .
Then the to need mature be , that , is old enough , and big enough to breed .
This may be around 1/2 of their full adult size, probably 4-5" for those guys.
Around this may be / 1 2 of their full adult size probably , 4 - 5 " for guys those .
Be this may around 1 / 2 of their adult full , size probably 4 5 - " for those . guys
Then the environment.
The then environment .
The then environment .
Large tank, no annoying tankmates, perfect water conditons and really good feeding.
, large tank no annoying tankmates , perfect conditons water and good really feeding .
Large tank , no tankmates annoying , water perfect and conditons good really feeding .
The difference is what they need to live, VS what's ideal for them.
The difference is what need they to live VS , ' what ideal s them for .
The what difference is they live need to , VS what ' s ideal them for .
Get that right, and they will mate when THEY are ready.
Get right that , and will they mate when are THEY ready .
Get that right , and they will when THEY mate ready are .
You can't MAKE them mate, you can only encourage them.
You ' can t MAKE mate them , you only can them encourage .
You can ' t mate MAKE them , only you can encourage them .
Ian
Ian
Ian
Jack Dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed.
Jack dempseys are an not easy cichlid to breed .
Are jack Dempseys not an easy cichlid to . breed
Most of the time one is more interested in breeding than the other.
Most the of one time more is in interested breeding than the other .
Of most time the one is interested more in than breeding the other .
Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3-5 days.
Bredders take the one that in not very interested put it and in alone breeeding a for tank 3 - days 5 .
Bredders the take that one not in very interested and it put alone in a tank breeeding for - 3 5 days .
The tank should have a hide space big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit in.
The should tank hide have a big space enough for one fish , or few a of them , but at least cave 1 big enough for two fish to in fit .
The tank should have a hide space big enough one for fish , of or a few them , 1 but at least cave enough big for two fish to fit . in
The p H should be 6.5-7.
The p H should be 6 . 5 - . 7
P the H should 6 be . 5 - . 7
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat for 3-5 days.
Now the one feed in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or as it earthworms eat can for 5 3 days - .
Now feed the one the breeding in tank as much bloodworms , and blackworms / as or earthworms can it eat for 3 - 5 days .
Then add the other mate.
Then add other the mate .
Add then the other mate .
They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked.
May they not respond right and away may fight they so ther smaller can one fit in one of hide spaces it if attacked gets .
They not may respond right away and they may so fight ther one smaller fit can in one of spaces hide it if gets . attacked
When the males aggressive behavior stops, it is ready to spawn.
When the aggressive males behavior stops , it ready is to . spawn
When the males behavior aggressive stops , it is ready to spawn .
The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them.
Two the lay eggs their inside the cave you made for . them
The two lay their eggs inside the cave for made you them .
Turn the water temp up to 82 degrees
The turn water temp to up 82 degrees
Turn the temp water up to degrees 82
Please help with my cats bladder issue?
Please my help with cats bladder issue ?
Please help with my cats bladder issue ?
I have a 1 1/2 year old female calico.
Have I a 1 1 / 2 old female year calico .
I have 1 a / 1 2 year female old calico .
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney.
When she spayed the was had vet a time hard because she only has one uterine horn and he this said mean could she only has on kidney .
When she spayed was the had vet hard a time she because only has uterine one horn and he said this could she mean only on has . kidney
Recently she has been peeing A LOT.
Recently she has been A peeing . LOT
She recently has been A peeing LOT .
I'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some.
' I talking m soaking all the box litter and then some .
' I m talking all soaking litter the box and then some .
She is also peeing around the box and somehow it gets underneath.
She is peeing also around the and box somehow gets it underneath .
She also peeing is around the box somehow and it gets underneath .
I don't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it's getting to be an issue.
I ' don t have the money take her to to a now vet but right it ' s getting be to an issue .
Don I ' have t the money take to her a to right vet now but it ' s to getting an be issue .
I have to scrub the floor 2-3 times a week now.
I have to the scrub floor 2 - 3 times now week a .
I to have scrub floor the 2 - 3 week times a now .
What could be the issue and can I try some home remedies first?
Could be what the and issue can I try some remedies home first ?
Could what be the issue and can I try home first some remedies ?
I love her and want to help her but I don't know when I'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help.
I love her want and help to her but I don ' know t when I ll ' be able to her take to to vet : ( help please .
I love her and want to her help but ' I don t know when I ' ll be to able take to to her : vet ( please help .
First of all, I am very sorry to hear you're having this issue with your cat. :(
Of first all , I am to very sorry hear you re ' having this issue with your cat . : (
First all of , I very am to sorry you hear ' having re this issue with cat your . : (
Frequent urination is a sign of several things.
Frequent urination is a sign of several things .
Frequent is urination a sign several of things .
Bladder or Urinary tract infections are two common ones, but these usually are frequent visits, with small amounts of urine being passed.
Or bladder Urinary infections tract are two common ones , these but usually are frequent , visits small with amounts being of urine passed .
Or bladder Urinary tract infections are common two ones but , usually these frequent are visits , with amounts small of being urine passed .
If there is blood in the urine, or the cat seems to be in pain, then that is also a good indicator.
If is there blood in the urine , or the cat to seems pain be in , then is that also a good indicator .
If there in blood is the urine , or the cat seems to be in pain , that then is a also good indicator .
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine, and this is bad.
Cat but your is passing a LOT of urine this , and is bad .
Your but cat is a passing of LOT urine , this and is bad .
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney, I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal failure.
Given the chance cat your may one only have kidney , I would think worst the case would be scenario kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal . failure
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney , would I think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease which , can to untreated lead renal failure possible .
Signs of this can be hard to spot, and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet.
Signs of can this hard be to spot , if and this true is in her case she will need definitely see to vet a .
Of signs this can be hard to spot , and if this true in is her case will she definitely to need see a vet .
Vomiting, bad breath, and listlessness.
, vomiting breath bad , and listlessness .
, vomiting bad breath and , listlessness .
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream.
Will seizures occur the when toxins that the kidney filters normally are out released the into blood stream .
Will seizures when occur the toxins the that kidney normally filters are out released into the stream blood .
I know you are very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her.
I know you are worried very , but getting her the to vet the best is thing can you do her for .
I you know worried are very , getting her but to the vet is best the thing you can do for her .
In the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her.
In the meantime make sure she had of plenty water available to . her
In the make meantime she sure had of plenty water to available her .
I want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program.
I want to apply skilled for immigeration canada program .
I want to apply for canada skilled immigeration . program
I got only 63 points while 67 minimunm is requirement.?
I got 63 only while points 67 is minimunm requirement . ?
I only 63 got while points 67 minimunm is requirement . ?
Can i apply with 63 points?
I can apply 63 with points ?
I can with apply 63 points ?
According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states "Note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing."
To Citizenship according and the Immigration Canada at web site http : / / . www cic . gc . ca / english / immigrate / / skilled assess / index . , asp it states " Note : you must meet the minimum requirements for application your to be eligible for processing . "
According to Citizenship the and Immigration Canada web site at http : / / www . cic . gc . ca / immigrate english / / skilled / assess / asp index . , states it " Note : you must minimum meet the requirements your for application to be eligible for . processing "
HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that "The current pass mark is 67.
HOWEVER . . . that page same web states also that " The pass current mark 67 is .
HOWEVER . . . that web also same page states that " current The pass mark 67 is .
The pass mark could change.
The pass could mark change .
Pass the mark could change .
You should check for updated information on a regular basis."
Should you check for updated on a information regular basis . "
You check should for updated information on a regular basis . "
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency.
The Skilled Worker was category my attempt first at residency permanent .
The Worker Skilled category was attempt my first at permanent residency .
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once.
And between time the I my research began and the time applied I , score the minimum did change once .
And between time the I my began research and the time I applied , the minimum score change once did .
Unfortunately, both minimums were above my score.
Unfortunately , both were minimums above score my .
Unfortunately , were both minimums above my score .
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident.
But I lucky got because I qualified under another category become to resident a permanent .
But I got because I lucky under qualified another category to become permanent a resident .
So keep checking at least on a weekly basis.
So keep checking at on least a . weekly basis
So keep at checking least a on basis weekly .
GOOD NEWS ... I found a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyers at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .
GOOD NEWS . . . I found a web page by run Immigration Lawyers Canadian at http : / / www . canadavisa . com / - canadian - immigration faq skilled - - . workers . html
NEWS GOOD . . . I found page a web Canadian run by Immigration http Lawyers at : / / www . canadavisa . com / canadian - immigration faq - - skilled - workers . html .
Here is what they posted there
Is here what they posted there
Here is what posted they there
"4. May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points?"
" . 4 May I qualify the under category Skilled Worker even if I less score than points 67 ? "
4 " . May I qualify under the Worker category Skilled even I if score less than ? 67 points "
"If the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become economically established in Canada, the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may use his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation) and approve your application even though you score less than 67 points."
" If Canadian the Immigration Officer Visa that believes the point total not does accurately reflect your to ability become economically in established Canada , the Canadian Immigration may Visa Officer use his or her positive discretion ( referred to as substituted evaluation ) approve and your application though even you score less than 67 points . "
" If the Canadian Immigration Visa believes Officer that the point total does accurately not your reflect ability become to economically established in Canada , the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may use his her or ( positive discretion referred to substituted as evaluation and ) approve your application even though you score less than points 67 . "
Read the full answer at that web page for conditions.
Read full the answer that at web for page conditions .
The read answer full at web that page for conditions .
Sure you can apply.
You sure can apply .
You sure can apply .
The points system acts as a guide to sort out the best candidates.
The points acts system a as to guide out sort the best candidates .
Points the system acts a as guide to sort out the . best candidates
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the points.
Your application still is a evaluated on number of , criteria not all of them as " in cast steel " as the points .
Application your is still on evaluated number a criteria of , not all of them as cast " in steel as " the . points
Go ahead, send in your application.
Ahead go , send in application your .
Go ahead send , your in application .
NOTE to BEN .
to NOTE BEN .
NOTE BEN to .
67 is the minimum score, anything below that is filed in the "circular file basket ".
is the 67 minimum score , anything below is that filed in " the circular basket file " .
67 the minimum score is , anything below is that filed in the " circular basket file " .
Why have a "minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?
Why have " a minimum if " it going is be to ignored ?
Have why a " minimum if " it going is to ignored be ?
Jim B
B jim
B jim
Toronto.
. toronto
. toronto
I'm mad and don't know what to do!
I ' mad m don and t ' know what to do !
I ' m mad and t don ' know what do to !
Please help!?
Please ! help ?
Help please ! ?
Alright, so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it.
Alright so , had my dad been wanting me check to e my for mail a few days but never I got around to it .
Alright , so my had dad been wanting to me check my mail e for a days few but never got I around to . it
(I just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again) so I fineally checked it, and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to Florida!!!
( I thought just he to wanted me see one of those letter chain things again ) so I fineally it checked , it and was an e mail from airlines southwest telling me the dates flight out for trip family to Florida ! ! !
( I thought just he wanted me see to one of those chain letter things again ) so I fineally it checked , it e and was an mail from airlines southwest telling me flight the dates out for family trip to Florida ! ! !
I got so excited!!!!
Got I excited so ! ! ! !
Got I excited so ! ! ! !
It said it was in January but still!!!!
It was said it in but January still ! ! ! !
Said it was it in January still but ! ! ! !
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates, it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday. :(
So kept I reading and I saw then the dates , it was from mid and day Friday arriving home mid day monday . : (
So kept I reading and then I saw the dates , it from was day mid Friday arriving home and day monday mid . : (
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates.
then I think just I kind stopped of smiling and just of kind sat looking there the dates at .
then think I I just kind of smiling stopped and just kind sat of there looking the at dates .
(we live in Pennsylvania btw) I'm mad and upset now!
( in we live Pennsylvania btw I ) ' m and mad upset now !
( we live btw in ) Pennsylvania I ' m mad upset and now !
Don't get me wrong I want to go, but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously.
' don t get wrong me I want to , go for but - 2 days _ - I mean seriously .
Don ' t wrong get me want I go to , but for 2 - days _ - I seriously mean .
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days.
Are we taking a 3 hour flight down a to fancy island Florida and in staying only 2 days .
Are taking we a 3 hour flight down to fancy island a Florida in and only staying 2 days .
****sigh**** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really!
* * * * sigh * * * * trying not sound snooty to or up stuck but mean really I !
* * * * sigh * * * * not trying sound stuck to snooty or but up I really mean !
Can someone please make me feel better about this trip!!!!
Can someone please me make feel this better about ! trip ! ! !
Can someone please make me better feel this about trip ! ! ! !
A least your going.!
A least your . going !
A least your . going !
Enjoy those 2 days it better then not going at all.!
Enjoy those 2 it days better not then going at . all !
Enjoy 2 those days it then better not going all at . !
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places, i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go. :D
and it will be fun 2 days you will cause going busy lot to a of beautiful places , i can to afford so be go you happy have the to money go . : D
and will it be fun 2 days you cause busy will to going of a lot beautiful places , can i go afford to so be happy have you the money to go . : D
Well, I mean, you don't have to be mad about it.
, well I mean , don you ' t to have be about mad it .
I well , mean you , don ' t have to mad be about it .
At least you get to go to Florida in JANUARY.
At least you to get to go Florida JANUARY in .
At least get to you go to in Florida JANUARY .
And, having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family.
And , only having two days you makes realize what you have your family with .
, and having only two days you makes realize you what have with your . family
"Nothing Gold Can Stay", honey.
Nothing " Gold Stay Can " , honey .
" Nothing Can Gold " Stay , honey .
Enjoy it while you can, and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time.
While enjoy it you can , and if then your family it enjoys can you go again for a longer period of time .
Enjoy it while you , can and then if your enjoys family it you can go again a period for longer of time .
If they don't like it, it'll only be two days, remember?
They if don ' like t it it , ' only ll be two days remember , ?
If they don ' t like it , it ' only be ll two days , ? remember
Hope you have a crapload of fun!
Hope you have crapload a fun of !
Hope you have a crapload fun ! of
(In a good way...)
( a In way good . . . )
( In good way a . . . )
What is Italian High Renaissance?
What Italian is High Renaissance ?
What is Italian Renaissance High ?
Have a look at this, it may help.
Have a at look this , it may help .
A have look at this it , help may .
1) The Italian Renaissance began the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe.
) The 1 Italian Renaissance began the opening phase the of Renaissance , a period of great cultural achievement change and Europe in that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600 , marking the between transition Early Medieval and Europe Modern .
1 ) Italian The Renaissance began the phase opening of the , Renaissance a period of great change cultural and achievement in that Europe the spanned from period end the of the 13th century to about marking 1600 , the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe .
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt.
The renaissance in term essence is a one modern that came into in currency the 19th century , in the work historians of such as Burckhardt Jacob .
The term is renaissance essence in a modern one that came currency into the 19th in century , in work the historians of such as Burckhardt Jacob .
Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century.
Although the of origins a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor patronage and can be traced to the earlier part the of century 14th , many of aspects Italian culture and society largely remained Medieval ; Renaissance the not did come into full swing until the end of the century .
Although the origins of a movement confined that was largely to the literate culture of intellectual and endeavor patronage can be traced to earlier the part of the 14th century , many of aspects Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval ; the Renaissance did not into come full until swing the of end the century .
The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means rebirth, and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages.
The word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) means   rebirth and , the era best is known for the interest in renewed the of culture classical after antiquity that the period Renaissance humanists labelled the Ages Dark .
The word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) means  rebirth  and , the era is best known the for renewed interest in culture the classical of antiquity the period after that humanists Renaissance labelled the Ages Dark .
These changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages.
These , changes significant while , were in concentrated the , elite and for vast the majority of the was life population little changed from the Middle Ages .
Changes these , while significant , concentrated were in the elite , and the for vast of the majority population life was little the changed from Ages Middle .
2)The expression High Renaissance, in art history, is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance.
2 ) The High expression Renaissance , art in history , a periodizing is convention to used denote the apogee of visual the arts the in Renaissance Italian .
2 ) The expression Renaissance High , in history art , a is used periodizing to convention the denote apogee of visual the arts in the Italian Renaissance .
The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s, with Leonardos fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence, and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of Charles V.
The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken begin to the in 1490s , with Leonardos of fresco the Last in Supper Milan and the of death Lorenzo de ' Medici in Florence , have to and ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome the by of troops Charles V .
The Renaissance High period traditionally is taken to in begin the 1490s with , Leonardos fresco the of Last Supper in Milan and the of death Lorenzo de ' Medici in , Florence and to have ended 1527 in with the sacking of Rome the by of troops Charles V .
This term was first used in German (Hochrenaissance) in the early nineteenth century, and has its origins in the "High Style" of painting and sculpture described by Johann Joachim Winckelmann.
This term was first used in German ( Hochrenaissance ) in early the century nineteenth and , its has in origins the High " Style " of painting sculpture and described Johann by Joachim Winckelmann .
This was term used first in German Hochrenaissance ( ) the in early nineteenth century , and has its origins the in " Style High " of and sculpture painting by described Joachim Johann Winckelmann .
[1] Over the last twenty years, use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments, ignoring historical context, and focusing only on a few iconic works.
1 [ ] Over the last years twenty , use the of has term been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over - simplifying artistic developments , ignoring historical context , focusing and on only few a works iconic .
[ ] 1 the Over twenty last , years use the of term has been frequently criticized by art academic historians for over - simplifying artistic developments , ignoring historical context , and focusing only on few a works iconic .
[2]
2 [ ]
[ ] 2
Hope it helps!
Hope helps it !
Hope helps it !
I'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time, what should I expect?
I ' m American and am I going to UK the for the , first time should what I ? expect
I ' m and American I am going to UK the for the first time what , should expect I ?
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything.
I just need to talk to another an american who has gone to the UK before so that I know expect arriving what when airport at the and with going visa through process everything and .
I need just to talk to an another american who gone to has the before UK so that I what expect know when arriving at the airport and going with through visa process everything and .
do you get your visitors visa immediately at the airport?
do get you visitors your visa immediately the at airport ?
You do get your visitors visa at the immediately airport ?
I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitors visa.
I was told that americans automatically a get six visa months visitors .
I was that told americans get automatically a six months visa visitors .
do you have to go through a medical exam right away?
do you to go have through medical a exam right away ?
do you to have go through a exam medical away right ?
drug test?
drug ? test
test drug ?
blood test?
blood ? test
blood ? test
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates?
do or i show just them passport walk and through the gates ?
or do i show just them passport and walk through the gates ?
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say its a routine thing when entering another country.
i have talked to people some that say that a medical exam an is of invasion and privacy other say its a thing routine entering when another country .
i have talked to some people that say that medical a exam is an invasion of and privacy say other a its thing routine when another entering country .
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute- which I really don't have the money for.
I honestly no have idea what to expect or for prepare calling and in get to professional advice from either of the embassies costs by minute the I - really which don ' have t the for money .
I honestly have no idea what to or expect for prepare calling and in professional get to advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - I which really ' don t money have the for .
I'm really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly.
M I ' really worried cause I have no who idea to talk and to want to everything smoothly go .
I ' m really cause I worried have no idea who talk to to and want to everything go smoothly .
An American passport should get you right into the country, there is no need for a VISA, for six months.
An passport should American get you right the into country , there is no need for VISA a for six , months .
An American passport should you get right into country the , there is no need for a VISA for , months six .
There is no medical exam or blood test or others like that.
There is medical no exam blood or test or others that like .
There no is medical exam or test blood or like others that .
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice.
You do not need call the to embassies to professional get advice .
You do not need to call the embassies get to professional advice .
http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html
: http / / travel . . state gov travel / / / cis_pa_tw cis / cis_1052 html .
http : / / . travel state . gov / cis_pa_tw travel / / / cis_1052 cis . html
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport information.
The above is to link the of Department State travel website , which give will you info all the that need you , including passport information .
Above is the link the to Department of State travel which website , give will all you the that info you need , passport including . information
It is free.
Is it free .
It free is .
I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K.
I never stayed more two than weeks at time a visited when I the U . . K
I never more stayed than two weeks at time a when I the visited U . K .
You should be fine with just a passport, unless you're staying longer than six months.
You be should with fine just a , passport unless you ' longer re staying than six months .
You be fine should with just a passport , unless you re staying ' longer than six . months
You should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though.
You double should check with necessary the embassy you before leave though .
Should you check double with the necessary embassy before you though leave .
I am not sure how well you planned this trip.
Am not I sure how well you planned this . trip
I not am sure well how you planned trip this .
You'll have a great time, so no worries there.
You ll ' have a great time , so no worries there .
You have ' a ll great time , so no worries there .
I visited London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews so far, and I was treated very well and with great kindness.
Visited I London , Edinburgh , St and . so far Andrews , and I treated was well and very with great kindness .
I London visited , Edinburgh and , St . Andrews so far , and I treated was very well and with great kindness .
Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated, and you'll be fine.
Just everyone treat as else would you want to be treated and , you ' be ll fine .
Just treat everyone else you as would want to treated be , and you ll ' be fine .
That tactic never failed me.
Tactic that never failed me .
Tactic that never failed me .
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female?
You what get would if you a cross sussex male and a silkie female ?
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?
i had a male sussex and pekin a female bought i silkies 2 would what the female sussex and the silkie would females make ?
i had a male and sussex a female pekin bought i 2 what would silkies the sussex female the and silkie females would make ?
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks?
if had you any pics hens of your would i like see to them to compare them mine to thanks ?
You had any if pics your of hens i like would to see them to compare them mine to thanks ?
A Sussex crossed with Silkie would make a crossbred *mutt* chicken.
A Sussex crossed with Silkie make would a * crossbred mutt * chicken .
Sussex a crossed with would make Silkie a crossbred * mutt * . chicken
There are a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie, so the offspring would vary in appearance.
There are lot genetics a of at play between a and Sussex Silkie so , the offspring would in vary appearance .
Are there a of lot genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie , so the offspring vary would appearance in .
You don't say what color Silkie or Sussex you are dealing with so I can't say what color your chicks would be likely to be.
Don you ' t say color Silkie what or Sussex are you with dealing so I can ' say t what your color chicks likely would be to be .
Don you ' say t color Silkie what or Sussex you are dealing with so I can ' t what say your color chicks would to be likely . be
However, I can say what features they would/could have.
However , I can say what features they would / could . have
However , can I say features what they / would could have .
Feather Type.
Type feather .
Feather . Type
Silkies have hookless feathers.
Silkies hookless have feathers .
Have silkies hookless feathers .
Sussexs have soft feathers.
Sussexs soft have feathers .
Have sussexs soft feathers .
All offspring from this cross will have soft feathers, as hookless feathers are a recessive gene.
Offspring all cross from this will soft have feathers , as hookless feathers are a gene recessive .
From all offspring this cross will have feathers , soft as hookless feathers are a gene recessive .
Skin Color: Silkies have black skin color, which is dominate.
Color skin Silkies : have black skin color , is which dominate .
Color skin : Silkies black have skin color , which dominate is .
Sussex have White Skin which could be recessive or dominate.
Sussex have White Skin could which recessive be dominate or .
Sussex have Skin White which be could recessive dominate or .
Either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene.
Way either . rec and dom . white genes dilute the black gene .
Way either rec and . dom . genes dilute white the black gene .
Skin will be darker but lighter then the Silkies.
Skin will be but darker then lighter Silkies the .
Will skin darker be but then lighter the Silkies .
Beards/Muffs: If your Silkie has a beard/muff the offspring could have a beard as well, as these genes are incomplete dominate.
Beards / Muffs : If your Silkie has a / beard the offspring muff could have a beard as well , genes as these incomplete are dominate .
/ beards Muffs : your If Silkie has a beard / muff offspring the a could have beard well as , these as genes incomplete are dominate .
Feathered Feet/Shanks- Chicks could have feathered feet/shanks as this is also incomplete dominate.
Feet feathered / - Chicks Shanks could have feathered feet / shanks as this also is dominate incomplete .
Feet feathered / Shanks - Chicks have could feathered feet / shanks this is as also incomplete . dominate
Crest: Chicks could also develop a small crest due to this being another incomplete dominate gene.
Crest : Chicks could also develop small a crest due this to being another dominate incomplete gene .
Crest : could Chicks develop also a small due this crest to being another incomplete dominate gene .
Comb Type: Silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types (Rose and Pea) single is also there, but is recessive.
Comb Type : Silkies walnut have combs which is genetically two actually comb types Rose ( and Pea ) single also is there , is but recessive .
Type comb : Silkies have combs walnut which is actually genetically comb two types ( Rose and Pea ) single also there is , but recessive is .
So crossed to a Sussex you could get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed bird.
To so crossed a you Sussex could a get walnut pea , , rose , or single combed . bird
So crossed a to you Sussex could get a walnut pea , , rose , single or combed bird .
Five Toes: Silkies have five toes.
Toes five : have Silkies five toes .
Five Toes Silkies : have toes five .
Sussex have four toes.
Have sussex four toes .
Sussex have four . toes
Crossed together (five toes is incompletely dominate) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both, or even one foot.
Crossed together ( is five toes incompletely dominate ) chicks develop could to an have toe fifth both on , or one even foot .
Crossed together ( five incompletely toes is dominate ) chicks develop could to have an toe fifth on both , or even one . foot
Silkie crosses are great birds, and very neat looking.
Crosses silkie are birds great , and very neat . looking
Crosses silkie great are birds , and neat very looking .
Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger, can see better, and are smarter the Silkies.
Hens excellent make as mothers they bigger are , can see better and , smarter are the Silkies .
Hens excellent mothers make as they bigger are , can see better , and smarter the are Silkies .
Best wishes,
Wishes best ,
Wishes best ,
Jamie/RhodeRunner
Jamie RhodeRunner /
Jamie RhodeRunner /
I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000.
Took I some photos of my model girlfriend with D7000 my Nikon .
I took some photos of my model with girlfriend my Nikon D7000 .
What do you think of these photos?
Do what you of think these photos ?
Do what you think of photos these ?
http://i.imgur.com/S2MD2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/T2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/Xytex.jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 (see links above).
: http / / i . imgur com . / S2MD2 jpg . : http / / . imgur i . com / T2zff . http jpg : / / . i imgur . com / Xytex . jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 ( links see ) above .
http : / / i . imgur . com / S2MD2 jpg . http : / i / . imgur . com / T2zff . jpg http : / / i imgur . . / com Xytex . I jpg took photos some of model my girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 ( see links ) above .
What do you think of these photos?
What do you of think photos these ?
What do think you of these ? photos
The lighting was not the best, but the pics turned out ok in my opinion.
The was lighting not the best , but the pics out turned ok my in opinion .
The was lighting the not best , the but pics turned out ok in my opinion .
deleting a question where you dont like the answer won't get you better answers... i refer to my previous answer:
deleting question a you where dont like the answer ' t won you better get answers . . . i refer to my answer previous :
question deleting where a you like dont answer the won ' t get you better answers . . . refer to i my previous answer :
you need to learn about white balance, composition, angle, and work on using the camera properly...
To you need white learn about balance composition , , angle , and work on using the properly camera . . .
you need to about white learn balance , , composition angle , and the work on using camera properly . . .
[edit - and she most be very new to modeling, because she does look unsure of her poses)
[ edit - and most she new be very to modeling , she because does unsure look of poses her )
[ and edit - she most be very new to modeling , she because does of unsure look her poses )
lol, he has posted this so many times today already.
, lol he posted has this so times many today already .
, lol has he posted this so many today times already .
clearly hes mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it's NOT his gf
clearly hes mad that know people took he her pic off and the net it ' NOT his s gf
clearly hes mad that people he know her took off pic the net and ' it s NOT his gf
Not bad, but too many distracting elements for my taste.
Not bad , too but many distracting elements taste for my .
Not bad , too but distracting elements many for my taste .
For example:
Example for :
For : example
In the photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot.
In the photo on the couch , the pillow she resting is on with else clashes everything the shot in .
In the photo on couch the pillow , the she is resting clashes on everything with in else the shot .
There are also some distracting background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on the left.
There some are also distracting background like elements the light fixture and looks what like door a handle the on left .
There are some also elements distracting background like the fixture light and what looks like a handle door the on left .
In the standing photo (from the front) there is a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord.
In the photo standing ( from the front ) is there a corner of a creeping rug in , some of kind in box lower the corner right and like what looks a power . cord
The in standing photo ( the from ) front there is a corner of rug a in creeping , kind some of in the box lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .
In the shot from the back, the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet.
In shot the the from back the , crumpled bottom of curtain the is pretty noticeable as as well power the outlet .
In the shot from the back , the crumpled bottom the of is curtain noticeable as pretty as the well power outlet .
Compositionally, this one is not my favorite, I would suggest trying a different crop because I dont think cutting her off at the calf looks great.
Compositionally , this one is not my favorite , would I suggest trying a crop different because I think dont cutting her at off the calf looks great .
This compositionally , is one not favorite my , I suggest would trying a different crop because I dont think cutting her off at the looks calf great .
I do like the shadow, though.
Do like I the shadow , though .
Do I like the shadow , . though
My suggestion is to pay close attention to what's going on in the background and if possible, stand on a chair, get on the ground, do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements.
My suggestion is to pay close to attention what ' s on going in background and the possible if , stand on a , chair get on ground the , do whatever you need to do to get of rid distracting elements .
My suggestion is to pay close to attention what ' s going on in the background if and possible , on stand a chair , get on the ground , do whatever you to need do to rid get of distracting . elements
Using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements.
A using fairly wide is aperture also helpful in out blurring unwanted elements background .
A using fairly aperture wide is also helpful in out blurring background unwanted elements .
I've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first.
I ' a ve had few ruined great shots myself because there was in something background the I didn ' t notice at . first
' I ve had few a shots great ruined because myself there something was in the background I didn ' notice t first at .
what are some unique customs in ireland?
what some unique are customs in ireland ?
are some what unique customs in ireland ?
As far ask Im aware our most unique custom would be the Country Wake.
Far ask as I  m our aware most unique custom would the be  Country Wake . 
As far ask I  aware m our unique most custom would the be  Country Wake  .
In all my travels Ive never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners.
All in my I travels never ve  anything seen like it and am often met with an look odd when I explain to them foreigners .
In all my travels I  ve never anything seen it like and met am with often an look when odd I explain to them foreigners .
After a person dies, their remains are waked  in their home for roughly 2-3days.
A after person dies , remains their are  waked in  home their roughly for 2 3days - .
A after person , dies remains their are  waked  in their home roughly for 2 - 3days .
In this time visitors will come to the house, pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun.
In time this will visitors come to house , the pay their to respects desisted the and their family and have a couple cups of tea of with sandwich a a or bun .
In this visitors time will come to the house , pay their respects to the desisted and family their have and couple a of cups of tea with a sandwich or . a bun
The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains.
The also wake included night the sit and were family friends sit up through the night with remains the .
Wake the included also night the sit were and friends family sit through up the night the with remains .
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike.
Wakes are common north both south and the of boarder with Protestants Catholics and alike .
Wakes are common both north and of south the boarder with Protestants and Catholics . alike
But only really in the countryside.
Only but really in countryside the .
Only but really the in countryside .
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war.
The only notable I difference noticed have is that in the south of Ireland one night the of often wake is held in chapel the the night the funeral before , this tradition after the started civil war .
Only the notable difference have I noticed that is the in of south Ireland one of night the is wake often held in the the chapel night the before funeral , this tradition started the after civil war .
Another unique custom (and a dying one at that) is the Pioneers.
Unique another custom ( and a dying at one ) that the is Pioneers .
Another unique custom ( a and at dying one that ) the is Pioneers .
The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance (abstaining from alcohol), in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by.
The Pioneers was started organization an at the of end the 19th century which supported pushed and the of ideal temperance abstaining ( from alcohol ) , in an attempt to deal with the massive of issue that alcoholism Ireland was gripped by .
Pioneers the an was organization started the at end of the 19th century which pushed and supported ideal the of temperance ( abstaining alcohol from ) , in an to attempt deal the with massive issue of that alcoholism Ireland was gripped by .
Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee-total and at the hight of the organization popularity, had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary.
A pioneers take pledge to remain tee - total and at the of hight organization the popularity , an had estimated million members two even filling Croke on Park the anniversary 25th .
Pioneers take a pledge remain tee to - and total at the hight of the organization popularity , estimated had an two million members even filling Croke Park on the . 25th anniversary
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century.
I self my am one but appreciate that organization is the unlikely make to into the century 22nd .
I my self am but one that appreciate organization the is unlikely to make into the 22nd century .
The Orange Order and the 12th of July Marches would be argued by some not to be an Irish custom but unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one.
Orange the Order and the 12th of July Marches be would argued by some to not be an Irish custom but unarguable every ticks to criteria be considered one .
Orange Order the the and 12th July of Marches would be some argued by not to be an Irish but custom unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one .
The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland.
The marches on the 12th of July are only attended really by Ulster protestants in the but in of spite the are the largest attended paraded in . Ireland
The on marches the 12th July of are attended only really by protestants in the Ulster but in of spite the are the largest attended paraded Ireland in .
Barn brack and the ring.
Barn and brack the ring .
Barn and brack the ring .
the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter ,barn brack and col-cannon for Halloween.
The irish customs we have in family our are ; we sinnel make cake easter for , brack barn and col - cannon Halloween for .
the customs irish we have in our family are we ; make sinnel for cake easter , barn and brack col - cannon for . Halloween
christmas cake for christmas day.
christmas cake for day christmas .
christmas cake christmas for day .
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do?
Animals do see images on a TV humans screen like do ?
Do see animals images on a screen TV humans like do ?
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do?
Animals do see images TV on a screen like humans do ?
Do animals see images on a TV screen humans like do ?
I'm unsure of this, because once I watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she didn't react to seeing another cat on TV.
I ' of m unsure , this because once I watched a commercial of cat food with cat and my didn ' t she to react seeing another cat on TV .
I ' m of unsure this because , I once watched a of commercial cat with food my cat and she didn ' t to react seeing another on cat TV .
I heard that a company (here is a link: http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html ) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs, complete with squeaky chew-toy sounds, and high pitched sounds that humans can't hear.
Heard I a that ( company here is a link : http : / / news . . yahoo com / nestl - purina releases - - commercial - aimed - dogs - 183443091 . html ) is trying make to a dog commercial food aimed at dogs , complete with squeaky - chew toy sounds , high and pitched sounds that humans ' can t hear .
Heard I that a company here ( is a link : http : / / news . yahoo . com / nestl - purina - releases - commercial - aimed - dogs - 183443091 . ) html is to make trying a dog food aimed commercial at dogs , complete squeaky with chew - toy sounds and , high pitched sounds that humans can ' . t hear
As far as I understand, this ad will get dogs excited, but my question is: Can dogs actually see the images featured in the advert like humans?
As as far I understand , ad will this get dogs excited , but my question is : dogs Can actually see images the in featured the like advert humans ?
As as far understand I , will this ad get excited dogs , but my question is : Can dogs actually the see images featured the advert in humans like ?
Also, can animals remember images on TV like us, humans?
Also can , animals remember images on TV us like , ? humans
Also , can remember animals images like on TV us , humans ?
If so, then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog/cat/parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared?
If so then , does that mean if that you a watched movie scary and your / cat dog / was parrot the in same room as you they will get scared also ?
So if , then does that mean if that you watched scary a movie and your dog / cat / was parrot the in same room as you they will also get ? scared
I wouldn't know--I don't particularly like scary movies, and I haven't tried this with my pet.
' I wouldn t know - I - don t ' particularly movies like scary and , I haven ' t tried with this my pet .
I ' wouldn t know - - don I ' t particularly like movies scary , and I ' haven t tried this with my pet .
Although, I don't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time; I am sure they'll forget sometime--or am I wrong?
Although don , I ' t that scary think movies will affect a pets for long time ; I am sure they ' ll forget sometime - or - am I wrong ?
Although I , don ' t think that movies scary will affect pets a long for time ; I sure am ' ll they sometime forget - - or I am wrong ?
So what about T.V.?
So what about T . V . ?
What about so T . V . ?
Do dogs enjoy watching T.V.?
Do dogs enjoy T watching V . . ?
Dogs do enjoy watching T V . . ?
Well, T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture.
, well T . V is . a series of flickering that pictures streamed are together to make moving a . picture
Well T , . V . is series a of flickering pictures that streamed are together to make a moving . picture
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture.
The pictures broadcast are at a rate of about 60Hz , which is how need fast they to move for us them to see a as moving flawless , picture .
The are pictures broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz , which is how they fast to need for move us them to see as a moving , picture flawless .
To a dog, watching T.V. is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80Hz.
A to dog , watching T . V . is a like lot watching and scratchy silent old film because their flicker fusion to seems at a occur rate of 70 80Hz to .
To dog a , watching . T V . is lot a and like watching old scratchy film because silent their flicker fusion to seems at occur a rate of 70 to . 80Hz
So they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them.
So see they the flicker pictures slower and there for seems it to choppy them .
They so the see pictures flicker and slower there for it seems choppy them to .
So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T.V., its probably because of the sounds.
Are chances so if that dog your to likes watch T . V . , it  s because probably of the sounds .
So chances are that your if dog to likes watch T . . V , it  s because probably the of sounds .
Hearing is a dogs secondary sense, and I will discuss that in another blog entery.
Hearing is a dog  s sense secondary , I will and discuss in that another blog . entery
Hearing a dog is  s secondary sense and , I discuss will that in another entery blog .
Yes they do.
They yes do .
Yes they . do
im pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen
im sure that pretty do see they things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen
im pretty that sure do they see things on the tv screen because cat my things the chases around tv screen
How much should I be looking at for horse transportation?
How much should looking I be at for horse ? transportation
Much how should I be looking for horse at transportation ?
I need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season, and the location is about 3 hours away from where I live.
Need I one horse transported to shows throughout the show 2012 season , the and location is 3 about hours where away from live I .
I need horse one transported to throughout shows the 2012 season show , the and location is about 3 hours away where from I live .
The place where I'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far, and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself.
Where the place I ' is m boarding not likely want to take to me this far , do and I not have any ways of him hauling myself .
Place where the I m ' boarding is not to likely to want me take this far , and do I not any have of ways hauling him myself .
So I want to hire someone (or multiple people) to transport me to these shows.
So I want hire someone to ( multiple or people ) to transport me to these shows .
So want I hire to someone ( or multiple people ) transport to me these shows to .
If they ask how much I'm willing to pay, what is a good price range?
They if ask much how I ' m pay willing to what , is a good price range ?
They how if ask much I ' m willing to pay what , is good a price range ?
I saw a site that charges $0.70 per mile.
I saw site that a $ charges 0 . 70 per mile .
I saw a site charges that $ 0 70 . mile per .
Is that reasonable?
That is reasonable ?
Is reasonable that ?
Impossible to say, but I guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that, and some on top for the driver's time and effort, unless you are able to share transport with another or more, that would keep the costs down.
Impossible to say , but I you guess have would to work out fuel for consumption the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that and , some on top for the driver ' s time and effort , you unless are able to share transport with more another or , that would keep the costs . down
Say impossible to , but I guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the vehicle that particular they are and using pay a proportion of that , and some on top for the driver ' s time effort and , unless you are able share to transport with another or , more that would keep down the costs .
Remember that you get what you pay for.
Remember that get what you you pay for .
That remember you get what you for pay .
Three hours isn't far, but you are doing multiple shows.
Hours three isn ' t far , you but are multiple doing . shows
Three hours isn t ' far , but you doing are multiple shows .
Some people are willing to take your horse, but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world.
Some are people willing take to horse your but , they have really old trailers that are the not safest the in world .
Some people are willing to your take horse , but they really have old that trailers are the not safest in . the world
Rusted, torn corners in the stalls, unhealthy air, straight load instead of slant load can all make travelling hard, if not downright dangerous, on your horse.
, rusted torn in corners the , stalls air unhealthy , straight load instead of slant can load all make hard travelling , not if downright dangerous , your on . horse
, rusted corners torn in stalls the unhealthy air , , straight load of instead slant load can all make hard travelling if , not downright dangerous , your on horse .
I had my horse transported from CA to WA and he came on this big, open stock trailer.
Had I my horse transported CA from WA to he and came this on big , stock open trailer .
I had horse my transported from CA to WA he and on came big , this stock open trailer .
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight.
Was he when dehydrated he there got and lost weight .
Was he when dehydrated he got there lost and weight .
Since then, I now use a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for water, and their trailers all have super smooth suspension.
Since then , I use now professional a horse hauling service with people who ride with my to horse eye keep an on him , stop few every hours for water their , and all trailers super have smooth suspension .
Since , then I now use a professional hauling horse service with people ride who with my horse keep to an on eye him , stop few every hours for , water trailers and their all have smooth super suspension .
All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive.
Horses all I ve ' had delivered me to then since happy are and healthy when they arrive .
All horses I ve ' had delivered to me then since are happy and healthy when arrive they .
I would call Bob Hubbard Transport and get a quote.
I call would Hubbard Bob Transport and a get quote .
Would I call Bob Hubbard Transport and get a quote .
Even though you may not want to use them, it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair.
Even you though may want not use to them , it give will you some of idea it what cost might and what is fair .
Even though may you not want use to it them , will some give you idea of what it might and cost what is fair .
See link below.
See below link .
See link . below
Make sure the trailer service you use is bonded/insured and knows something about first aid.
Make trailer sure the service you use is / bonded insured and something knows about aid first .
Make the sure trailer service you is use bonded / insured and knows something first about aid .
Do they have this anywhere?
They do have this anywhere ?
They do have this anywhere ?
I want to take a cruise around the world.
Want I take to a around cruise the world .
I want to take a the cruise around . world
I mean literally around the world if possible.
Mean I literally around world the if possible .
I mean around literally world the if possible .
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess.
First of i if went alone on a regular cabin how much would you it would estimate be a just guess .
First of if went i on alone a regular cabin how much would you it estimate would just be a guess .
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to?
Is second there way any sort to of customize the places you wanna to go ?
Second is there any way sort to of customize the wanna places go you to ?
Like you can pick the destinations?
You like pick can the destinations ?
Like you can pick the destinations ?
But if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere.
But not if just say but i no there hope is one like out there somewhere .
But if not say just no but i hope there one is out like there . somewhere
1. Here's a site that lists world cruises including prices.
1 . ' Here s a site world that lists cruises prices including .
. 1 Here ' s a that site lists cruises world including . prices
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1
: http / www / . cruisecompete . / com specials / world regions / / 1
: http / / . www cruisecompete . / com specials / regions / / 1 world
Prices listed, however, are usually based on two people in a cabin, and you will likely face some high "single supplement" costs in addition.
Listed prices however , , usually are based two in on people a cabin , and you will likely face some high " " single supplement costs addition in .
Prices listed , however , usually are based on people a two cabin in , will and you likely face high some " single supplement " costs addition in .
(Two people in a cabin will spend more onboard, so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone.
( people Two in a will spend cabin more onboard , cruise so lines you charge to more sail alone .
Two ( people in a will cabin spend onboard more so , cruise charge lines you more to alone sail .
You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete).
You may be able to better do on rates the you if request quotes competitive CruiseCompete via ) .
You may able be do to better on the rates if you request quotes competitive via CruiseCompete ) .
2. Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary.
2 . Short chartering of your own crew ship and I , don ' t see any way customize you could own your itinerary .
2 . Short chartering of your and own ship crew , I don ' see t any way you could customize own your itinerary .
Good luck!
Luck good !
Good ! luck
Various world cruises from most of the major cruise lines, typically 100 days in duration.
Various world cruises most of from the major lines cruise typically 100 , days in duration .
Various world cruises from of most the major lines cruise , typically 100 in days duration .
Travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy.
On travelling your own would have you pay to double as cabins are sold the on basis double of occupancy .
Travelling on your own you would have to pay double cabins as are sold the on of basis occupancy double .
No possibility to customise ports of call.
Possibility no to ports customise of call .
Possibility no customise to ports of call .
Prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i.e Transatlantic to London (England), England to Barcelona (Spain), Barcelona to Alexandria (Egypt), Egypt to India via Suez canal etc.
About prearranged months 18 advance in as the cruise lines sell segments along the all way i . e Transatlantic to London ( ) England , England to Barcelona ( Spain ) , Barcelona Alexandria to ( Egypt ) , Egypt India to via Suez canal etc .
Prearranged about 18 months in advance the cruise as sell lines segments along all the way i . Transatlantic e to ( London England ) , to England Barcelona ( Spain ) , to Barcelona Alexandria ( Egypt ) Egypt , to India Suez via canal etc .
yes there are multiple around the world cruises, mainly offered by the more upscale lines.
there are yes multiple around the cruises world , mainly offered the by more upscale . lines
there yes multiple are world around the cruises , mainly offered by more the upscale lines .
HOWEVER: you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin, even if it is just you.
HOWEVER : you pay will as if there are people 2 cabin in the , if even it is you just .
HOWEVER : you pay will as there if are 2 in people the cabin , even it if just you is .
so any price you find, DOUBLE IT figure, $40K at least.
any so find price you , DOUBLE IT figure , $ 40K least at .
So any find price you , DOUBLE IT figure , $ 40K at least .
and no you cannot customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore.. say book a Panamal Canal crossing, then fly to Asia and pick it up again and sail to India then fly to Europe to sail the Med before flying to England to hit the Transatlantic corssing.
and no you cannot an customize unless itinerary you book several different legs of cruise a with in stops between on shore . . say a book Panamal Canal crossing , then fly to Asia and pick up it again and sail to India then fly to Europe to sail the Med before to flying to England hit the Transatlantic corssing .
and no you cannot an customize itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore . . book say Panamal a Canal crossing , to then Asia fly and pick it up again and sail to India then fly to Europe to sail the Med before flying to England to hit the Transatlantic corssing .
Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s?
The was San Bay Area Francisco mostly Caucasian back the in early 1970s ?
Was the Francisco San Area Bay mostly Caucasian back in 1970s the early ?
No.
. no
. no
There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time--the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China, there were lots of Japanese who'd been displaced during WWII.
Has there been a large Asian presence the in SF Bay Area a for long time - - the Chinatown here was the population largest of chinese of outside China , there were lots Japanese of who ' d been during displaced . WWII
Has there a been large Asian presence the in SF Bay for Area a long time - the - Chinatown here the was largest of population chinese of outside China , there lots were of Japanese who ' d been during displaced WWII .
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black.
The whole Addition and Western a large portion of the Haight was black .
The whole Western and Addition a of large portion the was Haight black .
The Mission was basically latin-american.
The Mission was basically - latin . american
Mission the basically was latin - american .
As the southeast asians and philipinos came over, they added to the cultures.
As southeast the asians philipinos and came over , they to the added cultures .
The as southeast asians and came philipinos over , they added to the cultures .
So, the Bay Area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time--caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that's who the photographers took pictures of.
So , the Area has Bay been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time - - caucasians may have seemed to be a populous large but that ' s because most tourists back then were caucasian many and of were the caucasians hippies so ' that s who the took pictures photographers of .
So , the Area Bay been has fairly mixed ethnically a for long time - - caucasians may have seemed be to large populous a but that ' s because most tourists then back were caucasian and many of the were hippies caucasians that so ' s the who photographers took pictures of .
The other ethicities weren't well represented in politics yet--or rather, they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open-minded hippy generation.
The other ethicities weren ' t well represented in politics - yet - rather or , were they just breaking color the barrier the in 70 ' s due largely to the more open - minded hippy . generation
The other ethicities weren ' well t represented in politics yet - - or rather , they just were breaking the barrier color in the due 70 ' s largely to the - more open minded hippy generation .
Marin County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay areas started out as white suburbs.
Marin County predominantly was caucasian and many the of expanding bay outer east areas started out suburbs as white .
Marin County caucasian was predominantly and many the expanding of outer bay east areas started out white as suburbs .
It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact.
It was not so long after Rights Civil laws discrimination against started to have impact an .
Was not it so Civil long after Rights laws against started discrimination to have an impact .
You never saw black MUNI drivers, Asian police, Latino politicians until then.
Never you black saw MUNI drivers Asian , police , Latino politicians until . then
Saw you never black MUNI Asian drivers , police , Latino politicians until then .
It was an evolution.
It was evolution an .
Was it an evolution .
Many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s.
Many illegals were not counted the in population until the mid 80s - .
Many were illegals counted in not the until population the mid - 80s .
We did not have big percent of Chinese migration until the mid 90s.
We did have not of big percent migration Chinese until the mid 90s .
Did we not big have of percent migration Chinese until the mid 90s .
We had fewer people running across the Mexican border then.
Had we fewer people running across Mexican the then border .
Had we fewer people running across the border Mexican . then
We had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted.
Had fewer we at social benefits that time for so people many immigrants were not counted .
Had we fewer social benefits at time that people for many so immigrants were counted not .
Only Caucasians had any political power, corporate presence or owned businesses except for Mom and Pop stores in some neighborhoods.
Only any Caucasians had political , power corporate presence or owned businesses except for Mom Pop and in stores some . neighborhoods
Only Caucasians had any political , power corporate presence businesses or except owned for Mom and Pop stores in some neighborhoods .
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers.
Francisco san settled was in the 19th and 20th century mainly by European except for immigrants Asian some workers who were laborers manual .
Francisco san was settled in the 19th and 20th century mainly by immigrants European for except some Asian workers were who manual laborers .
There has always been a Mexican-American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico.
Has there been a always Mexican - American cultural since Calif influence was owned by Mexico .
Always there has been a Mexican - American influence cultural since Calif owned was Mexico by .
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected.
We a had larger black population the in 70s we than have now they but did have not any power until Willie Brown was elected .
Had we a larger black population in 70s the than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown elected was .
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically.
Francisco san was always progressive welcoming and and to tolerant all kinds of historically people .
San was Francisco always progressive and and welcoming tolerant to all kinds of people historically .
The counties outside San Francisco were more white than San Francisco in the 70s.
Counties the outside San were Francisco more white than Francisco in San the 70s .
Counties the San outside Francisco were more white San than Francisco in 70s the .
EDIT: My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time.
EDIT My : memory may not good be so might you get a more answer accurate from someone who else remembers the time .
: EDIT may My memory not be good so might you get a more accurate answer from someone who else the remembers . time
Can rabbits and chickens live together?
Rabbits can chickens and live together ?
Can and rabbits chickens together live ?
I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet, but my parents said that it has to stay outside.
Am I thinking getting about rabbit a a as pet , but parents my that said it has to stay outside .
I am thinking about a rabbit getting a as pet , my but parents said that has it stay to outside .
We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thing.
We also own two chickens are that kept in a run out behind garage barn / thing .
We also own chickens two kept that are in run a out behind garage / barn thing .
There is already a little dog house that I would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and I was thinking about keeping the rabbit in the run with the chickens, but keeping the chickens in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night.
There is already little a house dog that I would turn into a little rabbit being hutch kept back there and I was thinking about keeping rabbit in the the run with the chickens , but keeping the in chickens coop the the and in rabbit the at hutch night .
Is there already a house little dog that I would into turn a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and I was about keeping thinking the rabbit in run with the the chickens , but the chickens keeping in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night .
However, in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens?
However , in day the would time it be okay for the rabbit hop around to along with the chickens ?
However , the in time day would it be okay for the rabbit hop to around with along chickens ? the
We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day, but it's nothing that a rabbit wouldn't be able to digest just fine.
Feed we the chickens of scraps veggies fruits and throughout the day , but it ' s nothing rabbit that a ' wouldn t be able digest to just fine .
We feed chickens the of veggies scraps fruits and throughout the day , it but s ' nothing a that rabbit ' wouldn t be able to digest just . fine
So, can rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for their food and water?
So , rabbits can and chickens live as together long they as separate have places for food their water and ?
So , can rabbits and live chickens together as long they as have separate places their and for water food ?
(The rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough for the rabbit, the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food) Also, is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed?
( The rabbit hutch would an opening have big only enough for rabbit the , chickens the would not be to able get the to rabbit food ) Also , is okay it if the rabbit sneaks occasionally a few bites chicken of feed ?
( rabbit The hutch would have an opening big only enough for the rabbit , the chickens would not be able to get the to rabbit food ) , Also it is okay if rabbit the a occasionally sneaks few bites of chicken feed ?
My last rabbit did that a few times, and he was fine...
My last rabbit did few that a times and , he fine was . . .
My last rabbit that did a , few times he and was fine . . .
I just wanna make sure :) Thank!
Just I wanna make : sure ) Thank !
Just I make wanna sure : ) Thank !
Yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(I mean not roosters),Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of that,hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets!
Yes , be but sure that your are chickens all hens ( I mean roosters not ) , Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see , moving so be aware of that , hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets !
Yes , but be that sure your are chickens all hens ( I not mean roosters ) , Roosters may rabbits attack or anything moving see they , so aware of be that , hens are friendly with almost kinds all of pets !
From my experience Hens(Not roosters) are very friendly with duck,Guinea pigs,kittens,cows,Rabbits,etc.
My from experience Not Hens roosters ( ) are friendly with very duck , Guinea pigs , kittens cows , , Rabbits , etc .
From my Hens experience Not ( roosters are very ) friendly with duck , pigs Guinea , kittens , , Rabbits cows , etc .
Be sure not to feed your rabbits non-veg items!
Sure be not to feed your rabbits - non items veg !
Sure not be feed to your rabbits non - veg items !
You said they live in different cages and they are free in day,so no problem,don't put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that of hens,wet bedding can cause diseases in them!
You said they live in different cages they and free are in day , no so problem , don ' both t put of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that hens of wet , bedding cause diseases can them in !
You they said live in different cages they and are free in day , so no problem , ' don t both put of in them one cage bedding because rabbits is different than that of hens wet , bedding can cause diseases in them !
So,don't put both of them in one cage.
, so don ' t both put of them in one . cage
So don , ' t put both of them in one cage .
Good luck!
Good ! luck
Luck good !
yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender.
yea i but rabbits guess a escape easily pen a or rabbit another could get in there that and rabbit be could the opposite gender .
yea i guess but a easily rabbits a escape pen or another could rabbit get in and there that rabbit could be the opposite gender .
So be very careful and some feeds could be toxic to rabbits and safe for chickens.
So be very and careful some feeds could be toxic to rabbits and safe for chickens .
Very so careful be and some feeds could toxic be rabbits to and safe for chickens .
Rabbits do burrow also so don't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes.
Rabbits do so burrow don also ' t be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .
Rabbits burrow do also don so t ' be surprised if are chicken falling holes into .
rabbits are delicate and can get diseases so watch out for that.
rabbits are and delicate can get so diseases watch for out that .
are rabbits and delicate can get diseases so watch out for . that
melting brass did not work?
melting did brass not work ?
melting did brass not work ?
my friends and I are trying to melt bras to make some little figures.
my friends I and are to trying melt bras to make little some . figures
my and friends I are to trying melt to bras make some little . figures
we have made a furnace as such, we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom, filled the pipe with brass scrap, surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot, everything got red hot but did not melt.
have we made a as furnace such , we took a clay flower pot a with hole in the bottom put a of piece steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom , the filled pipe brass with scrap , surounded the with pipe charcoal off lit it and pumped air through the hole the in pot , everything got red hot but did not melt .
we have a made furnace as such , we took clay a flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the of middle it a with cap on bottom the , filled the pipe with brass scrap , surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off pumped and air through the hole in the , pot everything got red hot did but not melt .
what am I doing wrong
am what I doing wrong
am what I doing wrong
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
I would to recommend start with more something simple like tin , pewter , or aluminum zinc they , have all a more much reasonable melting point .
I would recommend to start something with more like simple tin , pewter or , zinc aluminum , they all have a much reasonable more melting point .
I'll just echo both other answers.
I ' ll echo just both other . answers
I ' just ll echo both answers other .
Molten brass is damn hot and usually it's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen.
Molten brass is damn hot it and usually ' pressurized s gas and forced oxygen air or .
Brass molten damn is and hot usually it s ' pressurized gas and air forced or oxygen .
Even if you did melt it, I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it.
If even you did melt it , doubt I you foresaw issues the of it handling and pouring it .
If even you melt did it , doubt you foresaw I issues the of handling it and pouring it .
It's really too advanced for a beginner, both in tooling and safety.
It ' really s too advanced beginner for a both , in tooling and safety .
It ' really s too advanced a for beginner , in tooling both and safety .
Just the zinc fumes will get you, if you don't take precautions.
The just zinc fumes will get , you if you ' t don take precautions .
Just the fumes will get zinc you , if you don ' t take . precautions
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing, and it melts on a stove top.
Is pewter perfect for what you are and doing , it on melts a top stove .
Pewter is perfect for what doing you are , and it on melts a stove top .
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
I recommend would start to with something more simple like tin pewter , , aluminum zinc or they , all have more a reasonable much melting point .
Would I recommend to start with something more simple tin like , pewter , aluminum zinc or , they have all a more much melting reasonable point .
Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just doesn't get hot enough.
Brass has an even higher than melting point and bronze I think would your charcoal doesn just ' t get enough hot .
Has brass an even higher than melting point bronze and I would think your charcoal just doesn t ' get hot enough .
I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal (e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal, not barbecue charcoal).
Bet I you also charcoal did take as it is barbecue used for does which not get as hot real as coal ( e . g . for one needs blacksmithing coal , not charcoal barbecue ) .
Bet I you also did charcoal take it is as used for which barbecue does not get hot as real as coal ( e . g . for blacksmithing needs one coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .
I have done a fair amount of metal casting, but never tried to build my own furnace, but I think your version is just too small and doesn't get hot enough.
I done have a fair amount casting of metal but , tried never to build own my furnace , but I think your version is just small too and doesn ' t get hot . enough
Done I have a fair amount metal of casting , never but to tried build my own furnace , I but think your is just version too small doesn and ' t get enough hot .
I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill).
Melted I have amounts of small in bronze a crucible with a large propane torch ( much larger than plumbers the torch , but it can be run of propane those cylinders you can buy a for gas grill ) .
Have I melted small amounts bronze of in a crucible with a propane large torch ( much than larger the plumbers torch , it but be can of run those propane cylinders can you buy for a gas grill ) .
I melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm
I melt and brass cast http it : / / www . mikegigi . / castgobl com htm .
Brass I melt and cast http it : / / www . mikegigi . / castgobl com . htm
Brass melts at just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hot.
Melts brass just at under 2000F which a is bright heat yellow , red not hot .
Melts brass just under at 2000F which is bright a yellow heat , not hot red .
http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#SELCTEMP
: http / / . www . mikegigi com / techspec . # htm SELCTEMP
: http / / www . mikegigi . / com . techspec htm SELCTEMP #
You might be able to make a version of your setup work, but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air.
You might be to able a make version setup of your , work but it would quite take bit a of and charcoal a lot of forced air .
You be might able make to a of version setup your work , but it would take quite a of bit charcoal and a lot forced of air .
I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
Use propane I with a blower a and burner built I : http / / . www mikegigi . com / meltmetl . htm and : http / / www . mikegigi . com firehole / . htm
I propane with use a blower a and I burner http built : / / www . mikegigi com . meltmetl / . htm http and : / www / . mikegigi . / com firehole . htm
Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food?
Should UK all towns their and cafes or provide restaurants Halal food ?
All should UK and towns their cafes or restaurants provide food Halal ?
Some friends of mine visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer.
Some friends mine of visited Dartmouth Devon whilst in on last holiday summer .
Friends some mine of visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer .
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods.
They could find not any cafes or shops food provided Halal that prepared foods .
They could any not find cafes or shops food that provided Halal prepared . foods
Its important to their religion that they only consume Halal food.
Important its to their that religion only they consume Halal food .
Its to their important religion that they only consume food Halal .
Even if you buy a cake in a bakers you can not be too what happens in the kitchen, for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham.
If even buy you a cake in a you bakers can not be too in what happens the kitchen for , example cake the may been have sliced using a used knife preparing for ham .
Even if buy a you cake in a bakers you can not too be what in happens the kitchen , for example the cake may have sliced using been a used for knife preparing ham .
Its simply not just a case of avoiding pork, alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat, but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods.
Not its simply a just case of avoiding pork , alcohol and allowed only being to eat halal prepared meat but , the kitchen and its should have utensils not been for used prohibited foods .
Its simply not just a of case avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed eat to prepared halal meat but , the kitchen utensils and its have should been not used prohibited for foods .
Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and should provide foods for people of all religions.
Places like are supposed Dartmouth to be tourist towns and provide should foods for people of all religions .
Places like Dartmouth are to supposed be towns tourist and should provide foods for people all of religions .
We all enjoy buying a snack when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday.
We all a enjoy buying snack when visiting a or town while attraction on holiday .
We all enjoy a buying snack when visiting a or town attraction while on holiday .
Not everyone wants to bring packed lunch.
Everyone not to wants bring packed lunch .
Everyone not wants to packed bring lunch .
Its not fair if some people have to go without buying food because no place will provide suitable food for them.
Its not some fair people if have to go buying without food no because will place provide suitable food for them .
Its fair not if some people to have go buying without food because no place will suitable provide food for them .
I think its only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal.
Think I its fair only that nowadays town every should provide at least one cafe halal restaurant or and hopefully one day every catering British establishment be will halal .
Think I its only that fair every town nowadays provide should at least halal one cafe restaurant or and hopefully one day British every catering establishment will halal be .
When I went to Bosnia, all the meat was Halal.
When I went Bosnia to , all meat the Halal was .
When I went Bosnia to , all meat the Halal was .
I will not eat halal meat, so guess what, I opted for foods which weren't a meat dish, there were plenty of other options.
Will I not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted foods for which weren a ' t dish meat , there were of plenty other . options
Will I not eat halal meat , guess so what , opted I for which weren foods ' t meat a , dish were plenty there of other options .
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it.
Could I not go to their country demand and they sell slaughter an and as animal the meat way I prefer to eat it .
I go could not to their country demand and they slaughter sell and an animal as the meat way I to prefer it eat .
When you go to another country, you live by their way of life and their laws, if you don't like it, you know how to get back out the country (but I guess our benefits system is too much to throw away, huh).
When you go to another country , live you by their of way life and their laws , if you don ' t like it , you to know how back out get ( the country but I guess our benefits system is too to throw much away , huh ) .
You when to go country another , you live by their way life of and their laws , if you don ' t like it , you how know get to out back country the ( but I our guess benefits system is too much to throw away huh , ) .
Cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food groups anyway, they normally have blue for bakery items, red for cooked meat, brown for raw meat, etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policies.
Cafes restaurants and use rarely the cutlery same for different food groups anyway , they normally have for blue bakery items , cooked red for meat , for brown meat raw , - etc all food for preparation and hygiene policies .
Cafes and restaurants rarely the use cutlery same for different groups food anyway , normally they have for blue bakery items red for , cooked meat , for brown meat raw , etc - for all food preparation and hygiene policies .
No.
. no
. no
To prevent animal cruelty, many countries forbid Halal and Kosher meat.
To animal prevent cruelty , many forbid countries and Halal Kosher meat .
To animal prevent cruelty , many forbid countries and Halal Kosher meat .
Switzerland is one, and the Netherlands are passing the same law.
Switzerland is one , and the are passing the Netherlands same law .
Switzerland is one , Netherlands and the passing are the same law .
It will become EU law in a couple of years.
Will it become EU law in a of couple . years
It will become EU law a in couple of years .
We can't dictate what business wants to open where.
We can t ' dictate what wants business open to where .
Can we ' t what dictate business to wants open where .
If someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places.
Someone if there thinks is a business opportunity then they will opening start halal places . only
If thinks someone there is a opportunity business then they will start opening halal only . places
How to convince my parents to let me get a Ball python?
How to my convince parents to me let get a python Ball ?
To how my convince parents let to me get a Ball python ?
They don't know ANYTHING about Ball pythons.
They don ' know t ANYTHING about Ball pythons .
They don ' t ANYTHING know about Ball pythons .
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house.
I when ask my mom she says will she never let a her in snake house .
When I ask my she mom says she will let a never snake her in . house
She has no experience with snakes and has never held one.
She has experience no with and snakes never has held one .
She has with no experience snakes and never has held one .
I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one, I'm 14 by the way
I did my all research and am well to keep prepared one , ' I m the 14 by way
I all did my research and am prepared well keep one to , I ' 14 m the by way
Lay some knowledge on them dude.
Knowledge lay some on them dude .
Knowledge lay some on them dude .
Maybe if they see how much time and effort you've devoted to researching the animal they'll reconsider.
If maybe see how they much effort time and you ' ve devoted to researching animal the they ' ll reconsider .
Maybe if they see how much and time you effort ve ' to devoted researching the animal they ' ll reconsider .
Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a month (if even that much) to keep it fed.
Tell them costs like 8 it dollars month a ( if even that ) much to keep fed it .
Tell them it 8 costs like a dollars month ( if that even ) much keep to it fed .
Be helpful around the house to show that even if you can't pay for it yourself that youre willing to work for it.
Be helpful around the house to that show even you if can ' t for pay it yourself that youre to willing work it for .
Be around helpful the to house show that even you if can ' t pay for yourself it that youre work willing for to it .
Once you've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be.
Once you ' ve buttered them a bit up try get to them to the store pet ask and one of the employees to handle the snake mom showing your how and gentle harmless they can be .
Once you ' ve up buttered them bit a try to get to them the pet store and one ask of employees the to handle snake the your showing mom how gentle and harmless they can be .
Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit.
Even maybe to try get your to mom hold it a bit .
Maybe try even to get your to hold mom it a bit .
My wife was TERRIFIED of snakes when we first met, I introduced her to one out my baby corn snakes and she fell in love with it.
My wife TERRIFIED of was snakes when first we met , I introduced to her one out my corn baby snakes and she fell in with love it .
Wife my was of TERRIFIED snakes when we met first , I to introduced her out one baby my corn snakes and she fell in love it with .
Be persistent, but don't pester them about it cause that'll get you nowhere fast.
Persistent be , but ' don t them pester it about cause that ' ll get you nowhere fast .
Be persistent , don but ' pester t about them it that cause ll get ' you nowhere fast .
Good luck!
Luck good !
Good ! luck
My general convince your parents to let you get a reptile advice:
My convince your general parents let to you get a reptile advice :
My general convince parents your to let get you a advice reptile :
1. Be responsible.
. 1 Be responsible .
1 . responsible Be .
Do all your chores without being nagged, take care of any existing pets, keep your room clean, and so on.
Do all your without chores being nagged care , take of any , existing pets keep your room clean and , so . on
Do your all chores without nagged being , take care any of existing , pets keep room your , clean and on so .
Prove, to your parents' satisfaction, that you, not they, will be the one actually taking care of your new pet.
Prove , to your ' parents , satisfaction that you , they not will , be one the taking actually care of your pet new .
Prove , to parents your ' satisfaction , that , you they not , be will one the actually taking care your of new . pet
2. Save up, and research, so that you are ready for your new pet.
2 . , Save up and research , so that you are your ready for new . pet
2 . Save up , and research so , that you ready are for pet your . new
3. Bargain with them.
3 . with Bargain them .
3 . with Bargain them .
Offer to do extra chores, ask for your pet as a reward for good grades, something like that.
Offer do to extra chores , your ask for pet as a reward for grades good , something . like that
Offer to extra do , chores ask for your pet a as for reward good grades , something like that .
4. Play the sympathy card.
4 . Play sympathy the . card
4 Play . sympathy the card .
If you can find a pet at a shelter, or that a friend needs to get rid of because they're moving or whatever, you might be able to talk your parents into "giving it a good home" where you might not be able to talk them into buying a new pet.
If you find can a pet a at shelter , or that a friend needs to of get rid because they ' re moving or whatever , might you be able to talk your parents into " giving it a good home " where might you not be able to talk them into a buying pet new .
If you can find a pet at shelter a , or that a friend needs to rid get because of they ' re moving or whatever you , able might be to talk your parents into " giving it a good home " you where might not be able talk them to into buying a pet new .
On the fear angle--talk her into coming to the pet store with you.
The on fear angle - - her talk into to coming the pet you store with .
The fear on angle - - her talk into coming pet to the store with you .
Once you're there, ask if you can hold a ball python.
Once you ' re , there ask if you can hold ball a python .
You once ' re there , if ask can you hold ball a python .
Once you're holding it, try to get her to touch/pet it...
You once re ' holding it try , to get her to / pet touch it . . .
You once ' re holding it try , to get to her / touch pet . it . .
My Snake's meal is TOO big, what can I do?
Snake my ' is s meal TOO , big what can I do ?
Snake my s ' meal is TOO , big what can do I ?
Just today I bought a medium rat for my beloved Ball Python Salazar (name after Harry Potter).
Just I today a bought rat medium for my Ball beloved Salazar ( Python name after Harry Potter ) .
Just I today a bought medium rat for my beloved Ball Salazar Python name ( Harry Potter after ) .
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily.
Time last I got medium a rat was it girl and a my snake handled her easily .
Last I time got a medium it rat a was girl my and handled snake her easily .
But today, I got a boy and realized that he is HUGE!
But I today , a got and boy realized that he is HUGE !
Today but , I got a realized boy and he that is HUGE !
I really do love my snake cause she is actually an affectionate cold-blooded creature.
I really do love my snake cause is she actually an cold affectionate - blooded . creature
I do really love my cause snake she actually is an affectionate cold - blooded creature .
So my true question comes to this, how can I knock the rat out?
My so true comes question to , this how can I knock the out rat ?
So true my question comes to this how , can I knock the ? rat out
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away, do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull?
Threw if I against him wall a and still conscious he run will away , do hang I him by tail the the so blood can flush into skull his ?
If threw I him a against wall and still conscious he run will away , do I him hang by the so tail blood the flush can into skull ? his
I really do need answers and advice, and NOT INSULTING ANSWERS!!
I really do need and answers , advice and INSULTING NOT ! ANSWERS !
I really do need answers and advice and , INSULTING NOT ANSWERS ! !
LIKE SERIOUSLY!! >:(
LIKE SERIOUSLY ! ! > : (
! LIKE SERIOUSLY ! > : (
Best answer shall receive points :)
Best answer shall receive points : )
Best answer shall receive points : )
iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once, snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing, so why not give her a good hunt, but if you do want him knock him id just throw him against the wall or something,, lol i dont know, i agree with you though throw him, haha
iw ould stick just him tank in the and let your snake a have nice hunt once for , jaws snakes detach for this of sort this thing so why , not give her a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him id just throw him against the wall something or , , lol i dont know , i agree with you though throw him , haha
iw just ould stick him in the tank let and your snake have a hunt nice for once , snakes detach jaws for this sort this of thing , so why give her not a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him id just throw him against the wall or something , , lol i dont know , i agree though with you throw , him haha
Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed, you can "gas it".
So ok youre snake if will take - pre killed , can you " gas it " .
Ok if so youre snake will take pre - , you killed " can gas " it .
Just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it.
Just put the a rat in sealed container tupperwear with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it .
Just put the rat in sealed a container tupperwear with no and airholes until wait it out and passes dies and then it feed .
If it won't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface, like a refrigerator or wall.
It if won ' take pre t - killed you and usually feed then live you could hold the rat by the tail whack and it a against hard surface , like a refrigerator wall or .
If won it ' take pre t - killed usually and you feed then live you could rat hold the by the and tail whack it against a hard surface , like a refrigerator wall or .
I don't like that option though - I think it's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake.
I don ' t like option that though - I think it ' s pretty cruel and ' d I done not properly you ' end up really ll hurting the rat but not him stunning enough to possible stop to injury your snake .
I ' don t that option like though - I it think ' s pretty cruel and I ' not d done you properly ' ll up end really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop injury possible your snake to .
I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane.
I would the do idea tupperwear TBH - easiest and humane most .
I would do the tupperwear TBH idea - and easiest humane most .
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point, it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive.
Could you also just wait until passes the rat out for about 1 and minute them feed it - at this point , could it still a bit have a of heart beat and be still slightly . alive
You could also just until wait the rat passes for out 1 minute about and them feed it - at this point , it could have still a of bit a heart and beat slightly be still alive .
And also maybe try holding the rat in feeding prongs so your snake can get a good hold and grip on his prey.
And maybe also try holding the rat feeding in prongs so snake can your get a good hold on and grip prey his .
And maybe also holding try the rat in feeding prongs so your snake can get a hold good and grip on his prey .
Good luck!
Luck good !
Luck good !
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen/thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run.
Just opinion my here - judgement no - getting your snake on frozen / thawed prove will to be much easier for and you safer your for snake in long run the .
My just here opinion judgement - no - getting your on snake frozen / thawed will prove to be easier for much you and safer snake for your in the long run .
My opinion - take it for what it's worth :-)
Opinion - my take it what for it ' s worth :  - )
Opinion my - it take for what ' it s worth :  - )
Looking to move to Toronto?
Looking move to to Toronto ?
Looking to move Toronto to ?
I am a 20 something gay black male and I am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area.
I a am 20 something black male gay and I am for looking suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area .
I am a 20 something black gay male and looking I am for suggestions on neighborhoods close the to downtown Toronto area .
Im moving from South Carolina so this will already be a huge culture shock.
Im moving from Carolina South so will this already be a shock huge culture .
Moving im South Carolina from so this will already be huge a culture shock .
Any suggestions?
Suggestions any ?
Suggestions any ?
Being gay and living in Toronto is just fine.
Being gay and in living is Toronto fine just .
Gay being and living in is Toronto fine just .
You may consider the Gay Village on Church Street, right downtown.
You consider may the Gay Village on Church Street , right downtown .
May you consider the Gay Church Village on Street , right downtown .
It is full of gay friendly "everything".
It is full of gay friendly " " everything .
Is it of gay full friendly " everything " .
But, you could live where ever you fancy takes you.
But , you live could where ever you you fancy takes .
But , could you live you where ever fancy takes you .
For obvious reasons, knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city, you should probably try to be near the subway system.
Reasons for obvious , knowing how it extremely is difficult to drive a car in the city , should you probably try to be near subway the . system
For reasons obvious knowing , how difficult extremely is it to drive a car the in city , you should probably to try be the near system subway .
But, can you immigrate?
But , can immigrate you ?
But , can immigrate you ?
Being an American guarantees you no favours when it come to going to Canada.
An being American no guarantees you favours when come it to going to Canada .
An being guarantees American you no favours when it to come to going Canada .
Start your process here, if you haven't already.
Start your process here , if ' you t haven already .
Your start process , here if haven you ' t already .
(Marrying a Canadian is not enough - that doesn't count for at least two years.)
( Marrying is a not Canadian enough - that doesn ' count t for least at years two . )
( Marrying a Canadian is not enough that - doesn t ' count for at least two years . )
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp
http : / / . www cic . . gc ca / english / / immigrate asp index .
: http / / . www cic . gc . ca / immigrate english / / index asp .
A normal processing time, unless you have an advanced degree or a "specified" skill is from 3 - 5 years.
A normal processing , time have you unless an degree advanced or a " specified " is skill 3 from - 5 years .
A normal processing , time unless you an advanced have or a degree specified " " skill from is 3 - 5 years .
Coming to stay, and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD.
Stay to coming , and overstay your three months visit lead will immediate to and expulsion lifetime a ban to immigrate Canada to - NOT GOOD .
Coming to , stay and overstay three your visit months will to lead expulsion immediate and lifetime a ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD .
Lets be clear about this...........
Clear lets about this be . . . . . . . . . . .
Be lets about clear this . . . . . . . . . . .
Just 'wanting to come to Canada " is NOT enough.
Just ' wanting to to come " Canada is NOT . enough
' just wanting come to to " Canada is NOT enough .
You MUST apply, to become a Immigrant, and WAIT to be approved, by the Canadian Government.
Apply you MUST , to become Immigrant a and , WAIT be to approved , by the Government Canadian .
You MUST apply to become , Immigrant a , and WAIT to approved be , by the Canadian Government .
YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history, combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record, and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) are all taken into consideration.
YOUR education ( the the more better ) and your past work , history with combined a CLEAN FBI and State Police record , and a satisfactory financial history ( no or bankruptcies large debts outstanding in the USA ) are taken all into consideration .
YOUR education the ( more the better your ) and past work history , with combined CLEAN a FBI and State Police record , a satisfactory and financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts the in ) USA are all taken consideration into .
It is a competition, and YOU will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others, from all over the world, for a place in the line up.
Is it a competition and , YOU competing will be with hundreds of thousands of , others from over all the , world for a place the in line . up
Is it a competition and , will YOU be with hundreds competing of of thousands others , from all over the world , place for a in line the up .
IF you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW< you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada.
IF you NOT have begun Application the ' process s NOW < are 2 you to about 3 away years from being approved by Immigration Canada .
IF you NOT have begun the ' Application process NOW s you < are about 2 3 to from years away being approved by Immigration Canada .
So don't pack your bags ,yet.
So don ' t your pack , bags . yet
Don so ' t your pack , bags yet .
Whatever you do ...............DO NOT try to come here with out legal permission.
You whatever do . . . . . . . . . . . . . . NOT . DO try to here come with permission out legal .
Whatever do . you . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DO NOT to try come here with out legal . permission
You will not be able to seek work or take a job, in Canada, with out having to show your Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card to any potential employer.
Will you be not able seek to work or job take a , in Canada with , out having to show your VISA Immigration and Social Canadian Number Insurance card any to potential employer .
You not be able will to seek work or take a , job in Canada with , out having to show your Immigration and VISA Canadian Social card Insurance Number to potential employer any .
Being an American and from the "south " you will be noticed as soon as you speak out loud .
An being American and the from " south " will you noticed as be soon as you speak loud out .
An being American and from the south " " will you be as noticed soon as you speak out loud .
Do it properly, and legally, and you will be OK.
Do properly it , and legally and you , will be OK .
Do it properly , and legally , you and will be OK .
Jim B
B jim
B jim
Toronto.
. toronto
. toronto
How to train my puppy ?
How to my train puppy ?
How to my train puppy ?
I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy.
I have a months 4 Tzu Shih puppy .
I have a 4 months Tzu Shih . puppy
Recently I'm having trouble training him.
Recently I ' having m trouble him training .
Recently I ' having m training trouble him .
He is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put the leash on, he will try to bite it.
Is he kind of hate with walking leash , every time put I the leash on , will he try to it bite .
He kind is hate of with walking leash every , time I put the on leash , he will try to bite it .
And he is not following me when I was walking.
He and is not following me when I was walking .
And he not is following when I me was walking .
I saw lots of videos about this, but actually it didn't help.
Saw I lots videos of about this , but actually it didn ' t help .
I saw lots videos of this about , but actually didn it t ' help .
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?
Is there any way can know let how him to walk leash with ?
There is way any let can him how know to walk with leash ?
And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them, doesn't listen to me.
And every time see he he some one will rush and to people jump them , on doesn ' t listen to me .
Every and time see he some one rush he will to people and on jump them , doesn ' t listen to me .
He is really excited about anybody he see.
Is he really excited anybody about he see .
He is really excited about anybody he see .
How to prevent this ?
How to this prevent ?
To how prevent this ?
Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he can't, he will bark all the time until I let him get on, what should I do with this ?
Thing last every is time I sit on or a chair something higher than , him he will try to on jump , if he can ' t , he will bark time all the until I let him get on , what should I do with this ?
Last thing is every time on I sit a or chair higher something than him he , will try to jump , on if he can ' t , he will the bark all time until I let get him , on what should I do with this ?
Anyone have any suggestion?
Have anyone any suggestion ?
Anyone have suggestion any ?
thank you very much.
thank you much very .
thank you very . much
Hi, I am a dog trainer for 25 yrs.
, hi I am dog a trainer 25 for yrs .
Hi , am I a trainer for dog 25 yrs .
You need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness.
You need to purchase what called is shoulder point a harness .
Need you purchase to what is called a shoulder point . harness
This type of harness goes around the dogs chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades.
Of this type goes harness around dogs the and chest legs and has clip a for the leash up on the of back dog the in middle of shoulder . blades
This type harness of goes around the dogs chest and legs has and a for clip leash the up on back the of in dog the middle of blades shoulder .
This way, he cannot reach the leash to chew it.
Way this , he cannot reach the leash to chew it .
This way , he reach cannot the leash chew to . it
When he swivels his head to go for it anyway, tell him sharp "UH UH" gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk.
Swivels when he his to head go for anyway it , tell him sharp " UH " UH correct gently with him a small tug and your continue . walk
When swivels he his head to go for anyway it him , tell sharp " UH UH gently " correct him with a tug small and your continue walk .
Do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash.
Do this repeatedly frequently and and will he learn walk on to a leash .
Do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn walk to on leash a .
Patience is the key here.
Patience is key the here .
Is patience the key here .
He is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training.
Is a he young and pup will over learn time and consistency in his training .
He is a young and pup will learn over time and consistency his in training .
And always, always train with love and positive methods- never hit or harshly scold.
Always and , always train with and love positive methods - never or hit scold . harshly
Always , and always train love with and positive methods - never hit or harshly scold .
Never train out of fear.
Never train out fear of .
Train never out of fear .
You want your dog to admire you as his pack leader, not fear you.
Want you your to dog admire you his as pack , leader not fear you .
You want your to dog admire you his as pack leader , you not fear .
Good luck with your puppy!
Good with luck your puppy !
Good luck with puppy your !
All the best.
The all best .
The all best .
Put him in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer. :)
Put him in dog school obedience call or a trainer professional dog . : )
Put in him dog obedience or school professional call a dog trainer . : )
why dont you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right.
why dont you get some treats that he loves only give and them him he when does right . something
why dont get you some treats he that loves only and give him when them he something does . right
or, as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv, get a clicker type thing and treats as well.
or , i saw as on embarrassing pets on tv , get a type clicker and thing treats as well .
, or as saw on i pets embarrassing on tv get , a clicker type thing treats and as well .
try to train him to heel, which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash, and he may do that.
try to train to him heel , which means walk to round you before needs he to go on a leash , and he may that do .
try to him to train heel , means which to walk you before round needs he to go a leash on , and he may do that .
or you could even spray some scented spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably, if you act quick enough, will stay on the leash.
or you could even spray some spray on scented and the leash he will go for the and scent probably , you if act quick , enough stay will on leash the .
or you even could some spray spray scented on the leash and he will for go the scent probably and , act if quick you enough , will stay on leash the .
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi/Agra/Varanasi for rs500 per night?
Sort what of could Hotel I expect to find New in Delhi Agra / / Varanasi for rs500 per night ?
Sort what of Hotel could I expect to in find New Agra Delhi / / Varanasi for night rs500 per ?
Hey guys.
Guys hey .
Hey . guys
I'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night.
I m ' to looking visit with India some mates at the beginning of February next year and wandering I what standard am accommodation of we could get Rs for 500 per person night per .
I ' m to looking visit with India some mates at beginning the February of next year I and wandering am what of standard accommodation we could get for per Rs 500 person per . night
There would be four of us so we would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs1000, close to the centre of these cities.
There would four be of so we us would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms Rs1000 for , close to the centre of these cities .
Be there would four of we so us would probably looking be 2 at twin rooms for Rs1000 , close to the centre these of cities .
This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like.
This would on be a - walk in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a that place looks ( good Not relying on pictures the from ) and internet is a in spot we like .
This would be on a walk - basis in as we want to have the freedom of finding a looks place that good ( Not relying pictures on from internet the ) and in is spot a like we .
Thanks in advance for sharing your experience!
Thanks in advance for your sharing ! experience
Thanks advance in for sharing experience your !
Sorry, almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk-in to these hotels rather than pre book?
, sorry almost to forgot ask - it Would cheaper be to walk in - to these hotels rather pre than book ?
Sorry , almost forgot to ask - Would be it cheaper to walk - in these hotels to rather than book pre ?
In Delhi I'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse.
I in Delhi ' d recommend Ajay Guesthouse .
Delhi in ' I d recommend Ajay Guesthouse .
Travelled to Delhi twice and stayed there twice.
Travelled Delhi to and twice stayed there twice .
Travelled to twice Delhi and stayed twice there .
Rooms start from 500 per double.
Rooms start 500 from double per .
Start rooms from per 500 double .
Those ones are quite small.
Ones those are quite small .
Those ones quite are small .
Must say, in Delhi it's hard to get good price/quality rating.
Say must , Delhi in it ' s to get good hard price / quality rating .
Must say , Delhi in it ' s hard get to good price / quality . rating
I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide.
Have I found this hotel in Lonely Planet the guide .
I have this found in hotel Lonely the Planet guide .
It's in an area starting with a P, many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice.
It ' in an s area with starting a P , many tourist there hotels and the is location nice very .
It ' in s area an starting with P a , many tourist hotels there and the is very nice location .
But in general, Delhi is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price.
But in , general Delhi is the hardest place find to a nice hotel clean for that price .
But general in , is Delhi the hardest to place a find nice clean hotel that for price .
In Varanasi I don't know.
In I don Varanasi ' t know .
In Varanasi don I ' t . know
I've stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor?
' stayed I a ve in more expensive hotel there , but you can some check travelguides or tripadvisor ?
I ' ve in stayed a expensive more hotel but there , can you check some or travelguides tripadvisor ?
Also, while travelling ask people where they've been and if they have any hotel recommendations.
, also travelling while ask people where ' they ve been if and they have any recommendations hotel .
Also , while travelling people where ask they ' been ve and if any they have hotel recommendations .
In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide.
In ' Agra I ve stayed in a fellow travellers place recommended , they found in it the Guide Rough .
Agra in I ' ve stayed in a fellow place travellers recommended , it they found the in Rough . Guide
It was nice and close to the Taj.
It nice was close and to the Taj .
It nice was and to close the Taj .
It was quite easy to find something.
Was it quite easy find to something .
It quite easy was to find something .
(Dont stay in Agra too long.
( stay Dont in Agra too . long
Dont ( stay in Agra long too .
One night is enough!)
Night one is enough ! )
Night one is enough ! )
There were many hotels there.
There were hotels many there .
There many were hotels there .
Ive paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean.
Ive paid 500 for double a room there and it was fine clean and .
Ive paid 500 for a room there double it was and fine and clean .
Good luck, enjoy your time!
Good luck enjoy , time your !
Luck , good enjoy your time !
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra.
May you a find budget normal hotel 1000 for Rs per night in the cities you mentioned , the links below help may to you good find hotels in Delhi Agra and .
You may find a normal hotel budget for 1000 Rs per night in cities you the mentioned , the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi Agra and .
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html
http : / www / . . goldentriangleindia / com delhi / hotels in - delhi - . html
http : / www / goldentriangleindia . . com / delhi hotels / - - in delhi html .
To Stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi.
Stay to in - delhi Hotel Aster Inn best is stay to in delhi .
Stay to in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best stay to . in delhi
it is in karol bagh.
it is karol in bagh .
is it in karol bagh .
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market, Presidential Palace, and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it.
some beautiful locations close like to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential Palace , Birla and Mandir Temple Connaught and and Place Jantar are Mantar near it to .
some locations like beautiful close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential , Palace and Temple Birla Mandir and Place Connaught and Mantar Jantar near are to it .
TO Stay in Agra -Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you.
TO in Agra Stay - Hotel Atithi and Aditya is Palace perfect for . you
Stay TO in Agra - Hotel Atithi Palace and Aditya is perfect you for .
it is centrally situated.
it centrally is situated .
it centrally is situated .
To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice...
To Stay in Varanasi Sandeep - you Hotel is choice . . .
Stay to in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice . . .
which one out of these makes the best pet?
Which one out of these makes the best ? pet
which one out of makes these best the ? pet
a degu, a rat, a mouse, a hamster or a guinea pig?
a degu , a rat , , a mouse a or hamster a pig guinea ?
a degu , , a rat a , a mouse hamster or a guinea pig ?
and why is the one a better pet?
and why is one the a pet better ?
and why is one the a better ? pet
Get a guinea pig.
Get a pig guinea .
Get a pig guinea .
I have a hamster, and mice and rats like to escape.
I have a hamster , and mice and like rats to escape .
Have I a , hamster and mice and rats like escape to .
The Guinea pig is better because its a lot larger than a hamster, rat, mouse, or degu.
The Guinea pig is better because its lot a larger a than hamster , rat , mouse , . or degu
The is Guinea pig because better its a larger lot a than , hamster rat , mouse , or degu .
So if you lose him, he is easier to find, because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages.
If so you him lose , is he easier to find because smaller , rodents just LOVE to escape from cages their .
If so lose you him , he is to easier find , because smaller rodents just to LOVE escape from their cages .
So my opinion is Guinea pigs.
My so opinion Guinea is pigs .
My so opinion is Guinea . pigs
(plus they dont stink that bad)
( plus dont they stink that ) bad
( plus they dont stink that bad )
Depends on what you want in a pet, to be honest.
Depends on you what want in a pet , honest to be .
On what depends you want in a pet , be to honest .
Also depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc.
Depends also on the space have you , how much time you can the handle pet , how money much can , you spend etc .
Also on the depends you have space , how much time you can handle pet the , how much money can spend you , etc .
I've had experience with all of those pets except Degus.
I ve ' had experience with all those pets of except Degus .
I ' had ve experience with all those of except pets Degus .
My favorite would have to be the rat.
My favorite would be have to the rat .
Favorite my would have to be rat the .
They're incredibly social, highly trainable, and very clean.
They ' re incredibly social , highly and trainable , clean very .
' they re social incredibly , highly trainable and , very clean .
Mine learned to "go to the bathroom" only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch.
Mine learned to " go to bathroom the " only their in and loved cages to on ride shoulder my or hang out in my pouch . hoodie
Learned mine to go " bathroom to the " only cages in their loved and to ride on my shoulder or hang out my in hoodie pouch .
The only downside is they should be kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat.
Only the downside is should they be in kept pairs or trios require a and pretty large habitat .
The only downside is should they kept be in pairs or trios and a require pretty large habitat .
That means expense, space, and they require weekly cage cleaning.
Means expense that , space , and they require cage weekly cleaning .
Means that expense , space and , they require weekly cleaning cage .
My second favorite would have to be the Guinea Pig - not quite as social with people as rats (at least mine wasn't) but more so than most hamsters or mice.
Would my second favorite to have Guinea be the - Pig not as quite social with people as rats ( at mine wasn least ' t ) but more so than most hamsters or mice .
My second favorite would to have be the Pig Guinea - not quite as social people with as rats ( at least mine wasn ' t ) more but than so most hamsters mice or .
Again, pairs or trios and pretty big living space.
, again pairs or trios and living pretty big space .
Again , pairs or trios and space pretty big living .
They, too, need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit.
They too , , need weekly cleaning and cage can quite cost a bit .
They , too , need cage weekly and cleaning can cost quite bit . a
I could handle my mice, but they where skittish and preferred their cage.
I handle could my mice , they but where skittish preferred their and cage .
I could handle my mice , they but skittish where and preferred their cage .
I've never met a hamster that didn't bite me.
I ve ' met never a hamster didn that ' t bite . me
' I never ve met hamster a that didn ' bite t me .
Never had/handled a Degu.
Had never handled / a Degu .
Had never / handled Degu a .
Get a guinea pig.
Get guinea a pig .
A get guinea pig .
We have two.
We have . two
Have we two .
They are social and like to be handled.
They are social and to be like handled .
They are social and to be like handled .
You have to have two because they don't do well alone.
You to two have have because they don ' t do alone well .
Have you to have two because don they ' do t alone well .
Make certain you get two females.
Make certain you get two females .
Certain make you two get females .
Two males can fight and you definitely don't want babies!!
Two males can fight and definitely don you ' t want babies ! !
Two males can fight you and don definitely ' t want babies ! !
Guinea pigs (also called cavies) are gentle creatures and are awake during the day and sleep at night.
Guinea pigs ( also cavies called ) are creatures gentle and are awake during the day and at sleep . night
Pigs guinea ( also called cavies ) gentle are and creatures are awake during the and sleep day night at .
They will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuce.
They will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement to you for give them treat like a lettuce leaf .
They will whistle they when you hear as encouragement an for give to you them a treat like leaf lettuce .
They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos, celery, cucumbers, carrots.
They leaf love or romaine and lettuce tomatos , celery , , cucumbers . carrots
They love leaf romaine or lettuce and tomatos , , celery cucumbers , carrots .
Don't feed them broccoli, cauliflower, garlic, onions, head lettuce ....they are all too difficult for them to digest.
' t don feed them broccoli cauliflower , garlic , , onions , lettuce head . . . . are they all difficult too for them digest to .
Don t ' feed broccoli them , , cauliflower garlic , onions , lettuce head . . . they . all are too for difficult to them digest .
Also they can't eat potatos, they are toxic for them.
Also can they ' eat t potatos , are they for toxic them .
Also they can ' eat t potatos , are they toxic . for them
If you keep the cage clean they don't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them, just massage it into their coat and groom them.
You if keep cage the they clean don ' t and smell you can spray buy on cleaser for , just them massage it into their coat and groom them .
You if keep the cage they clean don t ' and smell can you spray buy on cleaser them for , massage just it into their and coat groom them .
Fostering 6 week old kittens and HATING IT!
Fostering 6 week old kittens and HATING IT !
6 fostering week old kittens HATING and IT !
Need Advice!?
Advice need ! ?
Need ! Advice ?
I wanted to volunteer and help animals, and decided to try fostering kittens.
I wanted to volunteer and help animals and , to decided try fostering kittens .
I wanted to volunteer help and animals , and to decided try fostering kittens .
This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wits end.
This my is first experience I have and six two week kittens old now right and am at my wits end .
Is this first my experience and have I six week two old right kittens now and am at my wits end .
I do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but they are ruining my apartment.
I not do want to to have bring them before they back eight are weeks old but they ruining are my apartment .
I do want not to have bring to before them they back are eight weeks but old they are ruining my apartment .
They track poop everywhere (most disgustingly my bed....), and am constantly trying to climb up everything, including my bare legs!
Track they everywhere poop ( disgustingly most my . bed . . . ) , and am constantly to trying climb up everything , bare including my ! legs
Track they poop everywhere ( most bed disgustingly my . . . . ) , and constantly am trying to climb everything up , including bare my legs !
My legs and hands are just full of scratches.
Legs my and hands full are just of scratches .
My legs and are hands just scratches full of .
I realize they are young and that cats do climb, but this is just ridiculous.
I realize they are and young that cats , do but climb is this just ridiculous .
Realize I they young are that and cats do climb , but is this just . ridiculous
My apartment also smells repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice.
Apartment my also smells repulsive even though am I out cleaning box their litter at least once day a if not twice .
Apartment my smells also repulsive though even I am cleaning their out litter at box once least a day if not twice .
Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciated.
Suggestions any and helpful hints make to a this positive more experience would extremely be appreciated .
And any suggestions helpful hints to make this a positive more experience would be extremely appreciated .
That's kind of the way it goes..lol.
That s ' of kind the it way goes . . lol .
' that kind s of the way goes it . . lol .
Limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring.
Limit to them room one with to easy clean flooring .
Limit one them to room with easy to flooring clean .
If you have limited options, try the bathroom.
You if have limited options , try the bathroom .
You if options have limited , try the bathroom .
Make sure there are plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned often.
Make sure there plenty are litter of boxes are that cleaned often .
There make sure are plenty of boxes litter that are cleaned often .
Depending on the batch of kittens, I will often have as many as one per kitten.
Depending on the of batch kittens I , will have often as many as one per kitten .
Depending on batch the kittens of , I will often have as many one as per kitten .
They can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy.
They can produce lot a of waste even and a scooping twice they day can get messy .
They produce can a lot of waste even scooping and a twice day they get can messy .
For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop.
Some reason for it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop .
Some for it reason takes them awhile to learn not step in to poop .
Also if they have diarrhea, check in with your foster coordinator.
Also if they have , in diarrhea check with your foster coordinator .
Also they if have , diarrhea in check with your foster coordinator .
They made need medication or deworming or something.
They made need medication deworming or something or .
Made they need medication or deworming something or .
They are testing out their claws and teeth.
Testing they are out their claws and teeth .
Are they testing out claws their and teeth .
To some degree you can/should help teach them not to use their teeth and claws inappropriately.
To you some degree / can should help teach not them to use teeth their and claws inappropriately .
To some degree you can / should teach help them to not use teeth and their claws . inappropriately
But in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens.
In but meantime the , recommend highly jeans and sleeves long you anytime ' be ll interacting with the kittens .
But in meantime the , highly jeans and recommend long sleeves anytime you ' ll be interacting with the . kittens
Then take care of yourself.
Take then care of yourself .
Take then care of yourself .
Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy.
Get sleep plenty of and make sure take you out time do to some things you enjoy .
Get plenty of sleep make and sure you time take to out do some things you enjoy .
Try visiting the kittens a few times a day for short periods of time.
Try kittens visiting the a times few a day short for periods of time .
Try visiting kittens the a times few a day for of short periods time .
Try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are.
Try to go in there with the right of frame enjoy mind and them for they are what .
Go try to there with in right the frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are .
If you still don't enjoy the kittens, see what other opportunities are available.
If you still don ' t the enjoy kittens , what see other opportunities available are .
You if don still ' t enjoy the kittens , what see other opportunities are available .
They may need foster homes for adult cats in different situations.. sick, recovering from surgery, need a little socialization, etc.
May they foster need homes adult for cats in different . situations . sick , recovering surgery from , a need socialization little , etc .
They may need foster adult homes in for cats different . situations . sick , recovering from surgery , need a little socialization , etc .
I find the adults are much easier.
Find I the adults much are easier .
Find I the adults are easier much .
Generally they're not clawing and biting, they don't make nearly as much mess, they don't need nearly as much litterbox scooping, etc :)
They generally ' re clawing and not biting , don ' they t make nearly as much mess , don they ' t need nearly as litterbox much scooping , etc : )
Generally they ' re not clawing biting and , they don ' t make nearly as much , mess they don ' t need nearly as litterbox scooping much , : etc )
Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back!
Decide volunteering is your not thing give and them ! back
Decide is volunteering your not thing give and them back !
And do more research before you agree next time ;-)
And more do before research you agree next ; time - )
Do and research more before you agree time next ; - )
Take the kittens back to the shelter.
Take kittens the back the to shelter .
Take the kittens back to the shelter .
Maybe do volunteer work at the humane society, walk dogs, groom the animals etc.
Do maybe volunteer work the at humane society , groom walk dogs , the animals etc .
Maybe do volunteer work the at humane society , dogs walk , groom animals the etc .
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada?
what r the requirements apply to for delay birth a in certificate canada ?
what r the requirements for to apply a delay certificate in birth canada ?
what r the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada?
what the evidentary r to requirements apply for delay a birth certificate in canada ?
r what the evidentary to requirements for apply a delay birth in certificate canada ?
including fees and forms
including fees forms and
including fees forms and
It depends on if you ever registered the birth.
Depends it on you if ever registered birth the .
It depends on you ever if registered birth the .
Some places do the registration right at the hospital....in some smaller places, you need to register your child's birth at the town hall/registrar's office.
Places some do the right registration the at . hospital . . in . some smaller places , you to need register your child ' s birth town at the hall registrar / ' office s .
Places some do the registration right at the hospital . . . . in some places smaller , you to need your child register ' birth s at the / town hall registrar ' s office .
My first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities.
My first three children born were in Ontario Southern . cities
My first three children were born in Southern cities Ontario .
The birth registration was done right in hospital.
The birth registration done right was in hospital .
Birth the registration was done in right hospital .
My last son, was born in Northern Ontario....
Last my son , born was in Northern . Ontario . . .
My last son , born was in Northern Ontario . . . .
I didn't know that I didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days.
I didn ' t know that I t didn ' register him in ridiculous the of amount paperwork I had filled out in and the hospital supposed was to go to hall city within 90 days .
I didn ' t know that I didn ' t register him in the amount ridiculous of paperwork had I filled out the in hospital was and supposed go to city to 90 hall within days .
Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate, I find out he was never registered.
Two years later when I got around to for filling birth his certificate , I out find he never was registered .
Years later two when I got around to filling for his certificate birth , I out find he was never registered .
I had to call the Office of the Registrar General in Thunder Bay, have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me, as they don't have an online area for it yet, fill those out, send them away, then apply for his birth certificate.
I had to the call Office the of Registrar in General Thunder Bay , have copies the of delayed registration form mailed out me to , they as don ' t have an online area for it yet fill , those out , send them , away then apply for his birth certificate .
Had I to the call Office of the Registrar General in Thunder Bay , have of copies the registration delayed form out to mailed me , as don they ' have t an online for area it yet , those fill out , send them away , then apply for his birth certificate .
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time, its simple to do it over the computer.
If are you just applying for a birth certificate the for first time , simple its to do it the over computer .
If you just applying are for birth a certificate for the time first , its simple it to do over the computer .
For $56 you can even have it expedited and will get in three business days or your money back.
For $ 56 can you even it have expedited and will get three in business days or your money . back
For $ 56 you can even have it and will expedited in get three business days money your or back .
This is in Ontario of course, the rates may be slightly different for other provinces/territories.
This is in Ontario of , course rates may the slightly be different other for provinces / territories .
This is in Ontario of course , rates the may different be slightly for other / provinces . territories
You just need basic information, and answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at/who was the doctor....
Just need you basic information , and answer few a what questions hospital like was the child born at / who the was . doctor . . .
Just need you basic information , answer and a questions few what like was hospital the child born at who / was doctor the . . . .
None, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity.
, none walk just in the to office service and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .
None , just in walk to the service and office all present identification the have you to your prove identity .
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence, or just look up the record and hand you the certificate.
they may then chose to you ask bring to more evidence , or just look the up and record hand the you certificate .
May they then to chose you ask bring to evidence more , or look just up the and record hand you the certificate .
You can probably do it all on-line.
You probably can do it on all - . line
You can do probably all on it - line .
Start here if you were born in Ontario.
Start if here you were born Ontario in .
Start if here you born were in Ontario .
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html
: http / / www . ontario . / ca en / information_bundle / / birthcertificates . html 119274
http : / / www ontario . . ca / / en / information_bundle birthcertificates 119274 / html .
If you were born elsewhere, start here.
If you were born elsewhere , start here .
You if were born elsewhere , here start .
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html
http : / www / . ca ontario . en / / information_bundle / birthcertificates / . 119275 html
: http / www / . ontario ca . / en information_bundle / / birthcertificates / 119275 html .
Good luck
Luck good
Luck good
My parents didn't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment.
Parents didn my t ' send for my birth certificate until I 16 and was needed it for employment summer .
Parents my didn ' t send for birth my certificate I until was 16 needed and summer it for employment .
It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in the first place.
Was it no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in first place . the
Was it no to problem get PROVIDED the birth registered in was the first place .
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents.
I add that in because there have been some who have tried people to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never born really in or Canada to parents Canadian .
Add that I in because there been have some have people who tried to claim citizenship by for sending birth their certificate when were they never really born in Canada or to parents . Canadian
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital.
When child a is born Canada in the birth is registered the before baby can leave the hospital .
A when child is born in the birth Canada is registered before the leave baby can the hospital .
As long as that was done you can send for it at any time.
As long as that was you done send can for it at any time .
Long as that as was done you send can for it any at time .
Each provincial government has a website that lists the process for that Province so depending upon where you were born you can google it.
Each provincial a government has website that the lists for that process Province so depending where upon you were you born can google it .
Provincial each government has website a that lists process for the that Province depending so upon where you were born can you google . it
Royal Caribbean or Carnival cruise?
Royal or Caribbean Carnival cruise ?
Caribbean royal or Carnival cruise ?
ONLY IF YOU HAVE BEEN ON BOARD *BOTH* !!
IF ONLY HAVE YOU BEEN ON * BOARD BOTH * ! !
ONLY YOU IF BEEN HAVE BOARD ON * BOTH * ! !
i want to know which you liked better and WHY?
i want to know which you liked better and ? WHY
Want I to know which you liked and better ? WHY
include which one had:
include which one : had
Which include one had :
-better food
Better - food
- food better
-more fun activities
- fun more activities
- more activities fun
-more teens
- teens more
More - teens
-AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERALL
- AND JUST MORE YOU STUFF OVERALL LIKED
- JUST AND STUFF MORE YOU LIKED OVERALL
please specify which royal or carnival ship (:
specify please which or royal carnival ship ( :
specify please which or royal carnival ship ( :
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings.
And carnival Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have followings strong .
Carnival Royal and are Caribbean two popular cruise that have lines strong followings .
Some cruise aficionados refuse to sail on one or the other.
Some cruise refuse aficionados to one sail on or the other .
Cruise some aficionados refuse sail to on one or other the .
Are there any major differences between them?
Are there any between major differences them ?
There are major any differences between them ?
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best.
Which explore cruise may fit your needs the best .
Explore which may fit cruise your needs the . best
For our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Seas.
For our comparison we sailed two similar ships on - Carnival the Liberty the and Royal Caribbean of Mariner the Seas .
For our comparison we on sailed similar two - ships the Carnival Liberty and Royal the Caribbean Mariner of the Seas .
Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like Jamaica, Grand Cayman, Cozumel, St. Thomas, the Bahamas and St. Martin / St. Maarten.
Itinerary Both go ships Islands to like Caribbean Jamaica Grand , Cayman , Cozumel , . St Thomas , Bahamas the St and . Martin / . St Maarten .
Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like , Jamaica Grand Cayman , Cozumel , St . , Thomas the Bahamas and St Martin . / St . Maarten .
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand Turk.
The Liberty also its visited private island Half Moon , Cay Puerto Rico , Grand and Turk .
The also Liberty visited its private island Moon Half Cay , Puerto , Rico and Grand Turk .
The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee (the north coast of Haiti).
Mariner the of the Seas traveled to its private Coco island and Labadee Cay ( the north of coast ) Haiti .
Mariner the of the to Seas traveled its private island Coco Cay and ( Labadee north coast the of Haiti ) .
We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and don't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines.
We most loved of locations the both that of the ships visited don and ' believe t that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding the between lines cruise .
We loved most of the that both locations of the ships and visited don t ' believe that should this a be factor distinguishing on between deciding the cruise . lines
Shows Each night there are a variety of shows.
Each shows night there a variety are of shows .
Shows Each night there a variety are shows of .
Usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward.
You have usually the main show some and of type entertainment before and perhaps afterward .
Usually have you the main show and some type of and entertainment perhaps before afterward .
We felt that the main shows on the Mariner of the Seas were better.
Felt we that the shows main on the Mariner of Seas the were . better
We the felt that main shows on the of Mariner the Seas better were .
On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act.
On the Liberty liked we the comedian and juggling act .
The on Liberty liked we the and comedian juggling act .
If you love seeing the shows, Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians.
If you love seeing the shows Royal , was Caribbean better for the shows main and Carnival was better slightly for comedians the .
You if love seeing the shows , Caribbean Royal was better the shows for main and Carnival was better slightly for the . comedians
Dining Room We enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the Seas.
Dining We Room enjoyed the atmosphere of dining rooms both the on Liberty and Mariner the of Seas .
Dining We Room the enjoyed atmosphere of both dining rooms the on Liberty Mariner and the of Seas .
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas.
We that felt the menu a had little variety more on the Mariner the of . Seas
Felt we that the menu a had little more variety on Mariner the of the Seas .
Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades.
Friendliness of The Liberty staff Mariner and of Seas the both get high grades .
Of friendliness staff The Liberty Mariner and of both the Seas get high grades .
We did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the Mariner.
We did have waiter one complained that some on of one our trips on the Mariner .
Did we have one waiter that complained some of on one our trips on Mariner . the
We had a slightly better experience on the Liberty, but feel that both crews did an excellent job and that this should not be a distinguishing factor on choosing a cruise.
We had a slightly experience better the on Liberty , but feel that both crews did excellent an job and that should this be not a factor choosing distinguishing a on cruise .
We had a slightly experience better on Liberty the , but feel that both crews an did excellent job and that not this should a be distinguishing choosing factor on a . cruise
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have.
Pools Mariner of The and the Seas Liberty both had salt pools - water which most cruise ships have .
The pools of Mariner the Seas and both Liberty had salt water pools - which most ships cruise have .
They both had pools for kids and adults.
Both they had pools for kids adults and .
They both had kids pools for and adults .
We liked the Liberty's pools better because one had a slide.
We liked the Liberty ' s pools better because one had a slide .
Liked we the Liberty s ' better pools because one had slide a .
If you have kids, this would be something that they would definitely enjoy.
If have you kids , this be would something they that would enjoy definitely .
If you kids have , would be this something they that would definitely enjoy .
Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty and loved it.
Spa tried We spa the on the Liberty and it loved .
Spa We the tried spa the on Liberty and loved . it
We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas.
We not did try the on spa the of Mariner the Seas .
We not did try spa the on the Mariner of Seas the .
Usually you can't go wrong when getting a spa treatment......
Usually ' you t can go when wrong getting spa a treatment . . . . . .
Usually can you ' t wrong go when spa getting treatment a . . . . . .
Royal Caribbean is better, but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas.
Caribbean royal better is , but the cruiseline best is Seven Regent Seas .
Caribbean royal better is , but the cruiseline best Regent is Seven Seas .
Look on their website rssc.com
On look their rssc website . com
On look their website rssc com .
Royal Caribbean.
Caribbean royal .
Caribbean royal .
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines...
Has carnival been the called WalMart of cruise . lines . .
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise . lines . .
What countries are the best to travel to?
What are countries the to best travel to ?
What countries are best the to to travel ?
I really want to travel when I leave school!
Really I want travel to when I school leave !
I really to want when travel I school leave !
Where in the states could I go?
Where in the could I states go ?
Where in the states I could ? go
Where in Europe?
Where Europe in ?
In where Europe ?
Have you every traveled before?
You have every traveled before ?
You have every traveled before ?
How long should I go for to each place?
How should long I for to go each place ?
How should long I go to each for place ?
(I Have 1 year before collage!)
( 1 I Have year before collage ! )
( Have I 1 before year collage ! )
&Also how much money would I need?
& Also how much would I money need ?
& how Also much money I would need ?
So I can start saving now hehe
I so can start saving hehe now
So I can start now hehe saving
Thanks :)
: thanks )
: thanks )
I mean when I graduate & yes, college, sorry for the typo.
I when mean I graduate & , yes college sorry , for the . typo
I mean I when graduate & , yes college , sorry for the typo .
Leave High School?
High leave School ?
Leave High ? School
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you've never traveled before and you don't put where you would be traveling from.
Not move the smartest to take off a on worldly adventure if you ' never ve traveled before and don you ' t where put you be would traveling from .
The not smartest move take to off on a worldly ' adventure if you never ve traveled before and you don ' t put where you would be from traveling .
In the United States?
The in United States ?
In the States United ?
Lots of places.
Of lots places .
Of lots places .
There are 50 of them, 48 located from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between.
Are 50 there of them , 48 located from Maine Florida to California and to Washington and State in all between .
Are there 50 of them , 48 located from Maine Florida to California and to Washington State and in all between .
There are 2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific.
Are there 2 more located outside of the main continent with way Alaska to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific .
There are 2 located more outside of the main continent with way Alaska the to north Hawaii and in the Pacific .
What do you like to do?
Do you what like to do ?
What you do like to ? do
Big Cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia on the East Coast.
Like big Cities New York , , Boston on Philadelphia the East Coast .
Big like Cities New , York Boston Philadelphia , on East the Coast .
Beaches and Disney of Florida or the Mid Atlantic cities of Atlanta, Savannah, Charleston.
And beaches Disney of Florida or the Mid Atlantic of cities , Atlanta Savannah , Charleston .
And beaches Disney Florida of the or Mid cities Atlantic Atlanta of , Savannah , Charleston .
The federal sites of Washington, DC.
Federal the sites Washington of , DC .
The federal sites Washington of , . DC
Southern charm of Nashville, Birmingham, New Orleans or Charlotte.
Charm southern of Nashville Birmingham , , Orleans New or Charlotte .
Southern charm of Nashville Birmingham , New , Orleans Charlotte or .
West Coast hot spots like Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, Los Angeles or San Diego.
West Coast spots hot like , Seattle Portland , Francisco San , Los or Angeles San . Diego
Coast west spots hot Seattle like , Portland , Francisco San , Los Angeles or San . Diego
Europe?
? europe
? europe
Just as numerous as the possibilities of the US.
As just as numerous possibilities the of the US .
Just as numerous as the possibilities of US the .
Do you speak a foreign language?
Do you speak a foreign language ?
Do speak you foreign a language ?
I could spend a year in Spain alone.
I could spend year a in alone Spain .
Could I spend a year Spain in alone .
From Madrid to Seville to Barcelona an Valencia.
Madrid from to to Seville Barcelona an Valencia .
From to Madrid Seville to an Barcelona Valencia .
Bilboa on the north coast, Pamplona and the very famous Guernica.
Bilboa on the north coast , and Pamplona the very famous Guernica .
Bilboa on the north coast Pamplona , and very the Guernica famous .
A road trip to Lisbon and the Algarve in Portugal before a mountain escape in the Pyrenees and a stop in Andorra before heading over to France and Italy and Austria and Switzerland.
A road trip to Lisbon and the Algarve Portugal in a before mountain escape in Pyrenees the a and in stop Andorra before heading over France to and Italy and and Austria Switzerland .
Road a to trip Lisbon and the Algarve Portugal in before mountain a escape in Pyrenees the and a in stop Andorra before over heading to and France and Italy and Austria Switzerland .
I've traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget, actual time allowed, your likes and dislikes.
' I ve traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor trip a your needs to based budget on actual , allowed time , your and likes . dislikes
I ' ve traveled to all of places these and certainly could tailor a to trip needs your based budget on , time allowed actual , likes and your dislikes .
Amount of time could be dependent on so many things.
Amount of could time be dependent so on things many .
Amount could of time be on dependent so many things .
Do you want to see all the sites or simply a few photos and on your way to the next place.
You to do want see all sites the or simply a photos few and on your way to next the place .
Do you to want see the all sites or simply and a few photos on your way the to next place .
Does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place?
Your limit does budget you to how long can you stay in each place ?
Your budget does limit you to how can long you stay in each place ?
You need a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the sites, food, local transport - you name it but life costs.
You lot need a of for money hotels airfare , , seeing the sites , food local , transport you - name but life it costs .
You need lot a of for money hotels , , airfare seeing sites the , food , local transport - you name it life costs but .
Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you'll be able to figure out where you can go, for how long you can go and what you can do when you're there.
Once have you a budget or an amount the in bank you then ' ll able be figure to out where you can go for , how long can go you and what can you do you when ' re there .
Once you a have budget an or amount in the bank you then ' ll be figure able where to out you go can , for how long you can go and what you do can when you ' re . there
1 year before collage or college?
year 1 before or collage college ?
Year 1 before collage or ? college
Good luck.
Luck good .
Luck good .
I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires.
I recommend a buying single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere the in EU your desires heart .
I recommend a buying single unlimited Europass and travelling in anywhere EU the heart desires your .
You can't beat the price for what you get.
You can t ' beat the price for what you get .
Can you ' t the price beat for what you get .
come to Africa.
come to . Africa
To come Africa .
Nigeria, a lovely country.
Nigeria , lovely a country .
Nigeria , a country lovely .
But where in nigeria?
But where nigeria in ?
But where nigeria in ?
Obudu cattle ranch.
Obudu ranch cattle .
Obudu ranch cattle .
More than a tourist centre.
Than more a tourist centre .
Than more a tourist centre .
How do you make your cat adjust to a new house?
How do you make your adjust cat a to new ? house
How do your you make adjust cat to a new house ?
Me and my family are moving into a new house just outside a small town.
Me and family my are moving into a new house outside just small town a .
Me my and family are moving a into house new just outside a town small .
We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road.
We are currently a living from mile the town in a house by surrounded fields but new the is house beside a busy road .
Are we currently a living mile from the town in a surrounded house fields by but new the house is busy beside a road .
We have had the cat for 10 years and dont want to leave it.
We have the had cat for 10 years dont and want leave it to .
Have we the had cat for 10 years and dont to want it leave .
How could we make it settle in a new house.
How could settle we make it in a new house .
How could make we in it settle a new house .
you are not just moving house - your cat is losing his territory.
are you not just moving - house your is cat his losing territory .
you are just not moving - house your cat is losing his territory .
territory is very important to cats, and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators, or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so.
territory is very important cats to , and are they very nervous they when into a go new place - new a house could full be predators of , unknown or menaces - well least at he thinks so .
territory very is important to cats , they and nervous are very they when into go a new place a - new could house be full of predators , or unknown menaces - least well at he thinks so .
you will need to give him only a small place to explore, so he can make it his territory, and feel safe there.
you will need to give a him only small place to explore , he so make can it his territory , and feel safe . there
will you to need give him a only small place to explore , so he make can his it territory , and safe there feel .
then, he can have a place to retreat to when he feels scared.
, then he can have a place to to retreat when scared he feels .
, then he have can a to place retreat to when feels he scared .
you will need to get his box and bowls, and whatever blanket and toys are his, and smell like home, and put him in a room.
will you to his need box get bowls and , and whatever blanket and toys are his , smell and like , home and put him a in room .
you will to need get box his and bowls , and whatever toys blanket and are his , and smell home like , put and him in a . room
the room you sleep in is best (seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK), but others will work just as well.
Room the sleep you in is ( best seeing so you relaxed that are you sleeping will the send message everything that OK is ) but , others will work just well as .
the room you sleep in is ( best seeing you so relaxed that are you will sleeping message send that the everything is OK ) , but others work will as just well .
close the door, and keep him in there for a week.
close the door , keep and him in there week for a .
the close door , and keep him in there for a week .
he will feel much safer in that one room, than in a huge unknown house.
He feel will much safer in one that room , than in a huge house unknown .
Will he much feel safer in one that , room than in a huge unknown . house
he will explore the room, mark everything with his cheek, and try to make it feel like his territory.
he explore room will the , mark everything with his cheek , and try to make feel it his like . territory
he will explore the , room mark with everything his , cheek and to make try feel it like his territory .
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there, and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else's territory when he is in a new house.
he will reassure that himself no is other animal in there , that and no other animal will come - in he that is afraid he is in someone else ' s he territory when is a in new house .
he will himself that reassure no other animal in is there , that and other no animal will come in - he is that afraid he in is someone else ' s territory when he in is house a new .
in a week's time, he will have made it his, and will be getting more bored than afraid.
a in ' week s time , he have will made it , his will and be getting more bored afraid than .
A in week ' s , time he will made have it his , will and be getting more bored . than afraid
let him out for half an hour, to explore.
let him for out half an hour , to explore .
Him let out half for an hour to , explore .
then put him back in.
then him put back in .
then put him in back .
he will be freaked out, so going back to his territory will make him much happier.
be he will freaked out so , going back to his will territory make much him happier .
he will be out freaked , so going back his to make territory will him much . happier
extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep.
extend the time he is out each day , but for first the month , put always his him room in night at , he so safe feels to . sleep
time extend he the is each out day , but for the first month , always put him in his room at night , so feels safe he to . sleep
soon he will make the whole house his, but he needs that one safe place to start from.
soon he make will the his whole house , he but needs that one safe place start to . from
soon he make will house the whole his but , needs he that one place safe to start from .
remember to visit with him while he is in the room, and tell him how good he is.
remember to visit with him while he is in room tell the , and him good how is he .
to remember visit with him he while is in the , room and him tell how he good . is
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time.
to remember give him time the he to needs feel that the room is his rush - it , and he will afraid be of the house whole for long a time .
remember give to the him he time needs to feel the that room is his - , rush it and he will be of afraid the house whole for a time long .
he might even start peeing on things in fear.
might he start even peeing on things in . fear
he start might even peeing on in things fear .
good luck with your new house and with his new territory!
good luck with your new house and his territory with new !
good with luck your new and with house his new territory !
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable.
Let her explore when we moved had my cat to explore the before entire house she felt . comfortable
Explore let when her we moved my cat had the to explore entire house before she felt comfortable .
In time though she/he will adjust. :)
In time though / she adjust he will . : )
Though in time she / he adjust will . : )
they just do it on their own.
they just do it their on . own
they just it do on their . own
I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors?
I adopted just a 2 old year male Shepherd German Major with bad behaviors ?
I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors ?
Last night, I adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd.
Last , night I adopted a old 2 year Male German Shepherd .
Last night I , adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd .
(He is 92 pounds) He does not listen to any commands, but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command, or even with me.
( He is pounds 92 ) He not does listen any to commands , my but major problem is that he not will outside on go command , with or even me .
He ( is 92 pounds He ) does not to listen commands any , my but major problem is that he will go not outside on command or , even with me .
I will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away.
Will I walk and outside he will stand at the stare door and at me run or away .
Will I walk outside he and will stand at the door and stare me at or run away .
My other MAJOR problem is that he will not get in his crate.
Other my problem MAJOR is that he will not get crate in his .
Other my MAJOR problem is that he will not get in crate his .
I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way, it wont work.
Will I get a treat and to try get him in that there way , it wont work .
I will a get and try treat to get in him that there way , it wont work .
He wont even get close to the crate.
He wont get close even to the crate .
Wont he even get to close the crate .
If I come towards him, he will run away.
I if come towards him , he away will run .
If I him come , towards he will run away .
How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate?
How do I train him feel to comfortable his in ? crate
How do train I him to comfortable feel in his ? crate
and to willingly go outside...and to come on command.
And to willingly . go outside . . and to come on command .
willingly and to go . outside . . and to on come command .
He wont do anything on command.
Wont he do anything command on .
He wont do command anything on .
Its very frustrating.
Its very . frustrating
Very its frustrating .
I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy.
I have a 9 month old Shepherd that German raised I from a . puppy
I a have 9 month old German that Shepherd I raised a from . puppy
I trained her myself.
Trained I her myself .
I trained myself her .
She is crate trained, potty trained, and can sit, lay down, stay, come, fetch, and will even stay in a down position while I throw a treat across the floor or even right next to her paw, and she wont get it until I give her the command.
Is she trained crate , trained potty , and can sit , lay down , stay , come , fetch , and will even stay in down a while position I a throw treat across the floor or right even to next paw her , and she wont get until it I give her the command .
She is trained crate , potty trained , can and sit , lay down , stay , come , fetch and , will even in stay a while down position I throw a treat across the floor or even next right her to , paw and she wont get it I until give her the command .
Yes, lots of time and lots of patients...
, yes lots of time lots and patients of . . .
Yes , of lots and time lots patients of . . .
I just dont know how to do it with a grown dog.
I dont just know how to it do with grown a dog .
I just dont know how do to with a it grown dog .
She tosses me around like its nothing!
Tosses she me around like its ! nothing
She tosses around me like its ! nothing
...but basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right?
. . . but basically , I do what is the thing same I did with my puppy . . . patience lots of , of lots time , lots of praise , of lots , treats lots and repition of . . . . Right ?
. . . but , basically what do is I same the thing did I with my puppy . . . lots of patience , lots of time , lots of , praise of lots treats , lots and repition of . . . Right . ?
Is there any tricks I could use?
Is there any tricks could I ? use
There is any tricks I could ? use
Maybe get a book on training.
Get maybe a on book training .
Maybe get book on a training .
You have to be in command at all times.
You have to in be command at all times .
You to have be command in at times all .
There are ways to get your new dog used to the crate or going out.
There are ways to your get used new dog to the crate or out going .
Are there ways to your get new dog used to the crate or going out .
I would start with a leash.
I start would a with leash .
I would with start leash a .
Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times.
Put the leash the on dog and just around walk the a few crate times .
Leash put the on dog the and just walk around the crate a times few .
Then take the leash off and do nothing else but that.
Take then the leash and off nothing do else but that .
Then take the leash off and nothing do else but that .
Later do it again.
Later it do again .
Later it do again .
When the dog is ok with this, then open the door and walk around the crate, leave the door open all the time.
When the dog is ok this with , then open the door and walk around crate the , the door leave open all time the .
When the is dog ok this with , then open the door and the walk around crate , the leave door open all the time .
Put something fun inside.
Put something inside fun .
Something put fun inside .
Let your dog go in when he wants to for no reason.
Let your dog go in when he wants for to no reason .
Let your go dog in he when wants for to no reason .
Do not shut the door.
Do not shut the . door
Not do shut the door .
Let him walk in and out for a few days.
Let in him walk and out for few a days .
Him let in walk out and for a few days .
At some point he will feel ok with this and you can then close the door but not for long at all.
At some he point will feel ok this with and you can then close the door but not for long at all .
At point some he feel will ok with this and you then can the door close not but for long at all .
Open the door and let him out and see how he acts.
Open the door and him out let and see he how acts .
Open door the and let him out and see he how . acts
If you push it, it will never work.
Push if you it , it will work never .
You if it push , it never will work .
With going outside, put the leash on and just take him for a walk.
With going outside put , the leash on and just take him for walk a .
With going outside , put leash the and on just him take for walk a .
He will learn to really like this.
Will he learn really to like this .
He will to learn really this like .
Potty outside will come at some point.
Outside potty will come at some . point
Outside potty will at come some point .
Try obedience classes.
Try classes obedience .
Try classes obedience .
Have patience with him, you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home.
With have him patience you , just got him who and how knows he was treated before you brought him home .
Have patience with him , just you got and him who knows how he before was treated brought you home him .
where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices?
where I can find best the to tours the Mekong Delta at prices reasonable ?
where can find I best the to tours the Mekong Delta at prices reasonable ?
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta.
only will be in Ho Minh chi 4 for days and I am looking for a 1 day or day 2 trip Mekong to delta .
Only will be in chi Ho Minh for 4 and days am I looking for 1 a day or day 2 trip Mekong to delta .
I have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great.
I have been researching on and find line are things quite pricey but the tours look great .
I been have researching on line find and things quite are pricey the but look tours great .
Should I just settle and book on line?
I should just settle book and on line ?
I should just settle and book on ? line
or is it better if I wait till I get there?
or is it I better if wait till get I there ?
or it is if better I wait till I there get ?
If I wait, would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours?
If I wait would , the tours I there find for be less money the same quality type tours ?
If wait I , would the find tours I there for less money be the same quality tours type ?
Also, any tour recommendations would be very helpful a well.
Also , tour any recommendations would be helpful very well a .
, also any tour recommendations would very be helpful well a .
Thank you!
You thank !
You thank !
If you want reliable and inexpensive... try Sinh Cafe/Tourist.
If you reliable want and inexpensive . . . try Cafe Sinh / Tourist .
You if want reliable and inexpensive . . . try Sinh / Cafe Tourist .
The are located right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district.
The located are right at 248 De Than St . in the heart of the back packer district .
The are located right 248 at De Than . St the in of heart back the packer district .
I have taken this tour and it was great.
Have this I taken tour and it was great .
Have I taken tour this and it great was .
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful.
I an did overnight a in home stay that was sweet the and water market was wonderful .
Did I an a overnight in home stay that sweet and was the water market was wonderful .
I don't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was.
I don ' t remember the cost exact but remember how thinking it was inexpensive .
I don ' t remember the exact but cost remember how thinking it was inexpensive .
Also, Sinh Cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable.
Also , Sinh has Cafe been around a for time long and very is reputable .
Also , Sinh Cafe has been a around for time long and is reputable very .
And no, I do not work for them. :)
And no I do , not work them for . : )
No and , not I do work for them . : )
I am just a satisfied customer.
Just I am a satisfied customer .
Am I just a customer satisfied .
And don't expect to party on this tour.
And don t ' expect to party tour on this .
And don ' to t expect party this on tour .
The south is not like the regular tourist towns.
South the is not like the regular tourist towns .
South the is not like the towns regular tourist .
Very few clubs and night activities.
Very few and clubs night . activities
Very few and clubs night . activities
Oh, if you are confused.
Oh , are if you confused .
, oh if are you confused .
Sinh Cafe is not a Cafe.
Sinh is Cafe a not Cafe .
Cafe sinh is not a . Cafe
It is a tour agency and they have their own buses etc.
It a is tour agency and have they their own etc buses .
Is it a agency tour and they their have own buses etc .
tele#84838389593
tele 84838389593 #
# tele 84838389593
have fun.
have . fun
have . fun
There isn't much to see in the delta, it's a lifestyle not a resort area.
There isn ' much to t see in delta the , it ' s a not lifestyle a . resort area
There ' isn much to t see in the delta it , s ' a lifestyle not a area resort .
If you're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho (near where we live) or Can Tho.
If you ' adventurous re you can take bus a water taxi or to Tho My ( near where we ) live Can or Tho .
You if ' re adventurous can you take a bus or water taxi to Tho My ( near where we live ) or Tho . Can
From either of those cities, you can venture out and spend a day in the country.
From either of cities , those you can and venture out spend a day in country the .
Either from of cities those , you venture can and out spend a day in the . country
Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront.
Most of the tourists that ' I ve across come buy tours the along My Tho waterfront .
Of most the that tourists I ' ve come buy across along tours the My Tho . waterfront
You take a boat across the river, then spend a day biking, eating at a local restaurant, buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists.
Take you boat a across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at local a restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are towards geared . tourists
Take a you boat across the river , spend then day a , biking eating a at local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other that things are towards geared . tourists
The countryside is very beautiful, especially if you have a few months (or years) to get to know the place.
The countryside is very beautiful , especially you if have few a or months ( years to ) get to know the place .
Countryside the is beautiful very , especially if you have a months few or ( years ) get to the to know place .
PS, If you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre, stay a night at my friend Ken's hotel.
, PS If you it make to Thanh Pho , Ben Tre stay a at night my friend Ken ' hotel s .
PS , If make you it Thanh Pho to Ben Tre , a stay night at friend my ' Ken s hotel .
It's called Kiwi Heaven and it's across the river from Cho Ben Tre.
' it s called Kiwi Heaven and ' it s across river from the Cho Tre Ben .
It ' called Kiwi s Heaven and it ' s river across the from Cho Ben . Tre
It's a little hard to get to by foot, they're rebuilding the bridge, but you can get someone to moto-taxi you there for a dollar or less.
It ' s little a hard to to by get foot , ' rebuilding they re the bridge , but can you someone get to moto - taxi you there a for dollar less or .
It ' s little a hard to get by to foot , ' they re the rebuilding bridge but , you can get someone to moto - taxi you for there a or less dollar .
He's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he's been in town for awhile.
' he s an - ex pat from Zealand New ' and he s been in town for . awhile
' he s ex an - pat from New Zealand he and ' s been town in for awhile .
He'll set up a real tour of the area for you, not some tourist fantasy.
' he ll set up a real tour of the area you for , some fantasy not tourist .
' he ll set up a real tour of the for , area you not tourist some fantasy .
Have a good trip where-ever you end up.
A have trip good where - ever end you up .
A trip have good where - ever you end up .
We went with Intrepid as a part of their North to South Vietnam Trip, but they do offer this one day separately.
Went we Intrepid with as a part their of North to South Vietnam Trip , but they offer do one this day separately .
We went with as Intrepid a of part North their South Vietnam to Trip , they but do offer one this day separately .
We had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies, visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm, rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout.
A we had great time and a visited where location they made coconut candies , visited a local restaurant which was attached to a farm fish , rode in modified bikes quad and had tropical some food what at appeared be to local a hangout .
We a had time great and visited a location where they made coconut candies , visited a restaurant local which was to attached a farm fish rode , in modified quad bikes had and some tropical food at appeared what to be a local hangout .
Intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different.
Is intrepid good getting at you away from the most touristy spots and showing you a something little . different
Intrepid good is at getting you away the from most touristy spots showing you and something a little different .
yoga and horses.....?
Yoga and horses . . . . . ?
Yoga and horses . . . . . ?
I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is.
I got a riding lesson today on my one of boss ' fino s horses it and made me just realize how unsteady my left is leg .
I got riding a lesson on today one of my boss fino ' s horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga.
Mentioned I it to boss my she and said start to doing yoga .
I mentioned to it my boss and she said start to doing yoga .
But there are just so many poses and programs!
But there just are so poses many and ! programs
There but are just many so and poses programs !
Any good poses or programs (I'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $20) to help specifically with leg stabilization?
Good any poses or programs I ( m ' to willing buy a dvd as long it as is $ under ) 20 help specifically to with leg stabilization ?
Any good poses or programs ( I m ' willing to buy a as long dvd as it is $ under 20 ) help to with specifically leg ? stabilization
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops.
I just have a issues few supporting my and back left my flops leg .
Just I a have issues supporting few my back and my left leg flops .
Because I don't feel like spending over $20 on a freakin DVD
I don because t ' feel like spending over $ on 20 a freakin DVD
Because I don ' feel t like over spending $ on 20 freakin a DVD
I also have back problems that transfer into my legs.
I have back also problems that transfer my into legs .
Also I have problems back that into transfer my legs .
I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my legs and back.
I done have for Yoga riders for a while a , routine 20 minute I on YouTube found ( I think its called " Yoga for horse back riding " by hosted a man ) It helped with noticing slight differences in balance my and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my and legs back .
I have done for Yoga for riders a while , a 20 minute I routine found on YouTube ( think I its called " for Yoga horse back riding hosted " by a man ) It helped with noticing slight differences in balance my and weight distribution but really not for the way I use my legs and back .
Here is what I do now and it really helps....
Is here what do I now and really helps it . . . .
Here what I is now do and really it helps . . . .
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena.
I when first on get I take leg 1 and pull it up back to touch my butt with my heel hold and it there for 1 lap walk at around a a large dressage arena .
I get when first on I 1 take leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with heel my and it hold there 1 for lap a at walk around a dressage arena large .
Then the same thing with the other leg.
The then same thing with the leg other .
The then same thing with other the leg .
Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can, so they are not touching the saddle.
Then lap 1 a at walk around the arena both with my legs out pulled as as far I can , so are they the not touching saddle .
Then 1 at a lap walk around arena the with my both legs out pulled far as as can I , they so are not touching the saddle .
Then a lap doing scissors, one leg forward as far as I can and the other back, then switch legs.
Then lap a doing scissors , one forward leg far as as I and the can back other , then switch legs .
A then doing lap scissors , one leg forward as as far can I and the other back , switch legs then .
I'll also trot doing, down 2 beats, up one for a wile, then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet.
' I ll doing also trot , down 2 beats , one up for wile a then , up 2 down 1 making sure weight the is the going balls into of my feet .
I ll ' also trot doing , down 2 beats , one up for wile a , then 2 down up 1 making weight sure the is going the into of balls my . feet
If the weight is going into your heels (it throws your leg forward) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot.
The if going weight is into heels your it ( throws your leg forward ) put the stirrups up against the heel boot of your .
Weight if the is going into your ( heels it throws your leg forward ) put the stirrups up against the heel your boot of .
Do a nice working trot, not a slow trot.
Do a working nice trot , slow not a trot .
Do nice a trot working , not a slow . trot
All this will help you use both legs evenly, keep proper contact and use your wight correctly, to keep your leg in a good position.
All this help will use both you legs , evenly keep proper contact use and your wight correctly , keep your to leg in a position good .
All this will help you use evenly both legs , proper keep contact and use your wight correctly , to keep leg your good in a position .
BTW you dont want your leg locked in place, it will move WITH the horse a bit.
BTW you your dont leg locked want place in , it will move WITH the horse a bit .
BTW dont you want your leg locked place in , move it will the WITH horse a bit .
When I first started doing it I'd do it every day.
When I first doing started I it ' d do every day it .
When I first started it doing I ' do d it every day .
Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed.
I now it just once do or twice a week or as needed .
I now just do it once or twice a week or needed as .
Now not only is my leg better, but my back is relaxing.
Now not my only is leg , better but my back relaxing is .
Not now only is my leg better , my but is relaxing back .
what are you having problems with?
are what you having problems ? with
what are having you problems ? with
i wouldn't bother with yoga i'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem, ride bareback, with no irons, theres also a way to ride on your knees?
Wouldn I ' t bother with yoga ' i d practice more with riding fixing and my , problem ride bareback , irons no with , theres also way to a ride your on knees ?
Wouldn I ' t bother with yoga i ' d practice more riding with and my fixing problem , bareback ride , no with irons , theres also a ride way to on your ? knees
that help alot with your thigh muscles (bareback though)
that help alot with your muscles thigh ( bareback though )
that help alot with thigh your muscles ( bareback though )
ya i really wouldn't bother with the yoga
I really ya wouldn ' bother t with the yoga
I ya wouldn really ' t bother with yoga the
maybe a back brase will help, sometimes my back really gets to me and i've thought about getting one.
maybe a back brase will help , sometimes my back gets really to me i and ' ve about getting thought one .
maybe a back will brase , help my sometimes back really gets to and me i ve ' thought about one getting .
with your leg flopping, just try putting all your weight in your heel and hangon with only your legs, holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it's forward the more it flops :/ work your calf muscles, maybe try standing on the edge of your steps (on the ball of your foot) and balance to strengthen those muscles
with your flopping leg , just try putting all weight your in your heel and hangon with only your legs , holding leg my helps back with me flopping the it more ' s forward the more it flops : work / your calf muscles , maybe standing try on the edge of your steps ( on the ball of your foot ) and balance strengthen to muscles those
with your leg , flopping just try putting all your weight in your heel and hangon only with your legs , holding my leg back helps with me flopping more the it ' s forward the more it flops : / work your calf muscles , maybe try standing on the edge of your steps ( on the ball of your foot ) and balance to strengthen those muscles
You don't want to spend more than $20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses?
You don ' t to want spend more than 20 $ yet you and an have hobby expensive like riding horses ?
You don ' t want to spend than more $ and 20 yet have an expensive you hobby like horses riding ?
I really can't help you.
I really can t ' you help .
I really can ' t help you .
What to feed my dog after gastroenteritis?
What feed to dog my after gastroenteritis ?
What to dog feed my after gastroenteritis ?
My dog has been sick for about 3 days now.
My has dog been sick about for 3 days . now
My dog has been sick for 3 days now about .
He has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit lastnight.
Been he has having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit . lastnight
He has having been diarheya everywhere he and to began vomit lastnight .
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and wouldnt drink any water.
I thought it would pass until started he to and vomit blood drink wouldnt water any .
I it thought would pass until started he blood to vomit wouldnt and drink any water .
I took him to the Animal Hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal.
Took I him the Animal to Hospital and they ran blood and work everything back came normal .
I took him to Animal the Hospital and they ran work blood everything came and back . normal
No pancreatitis or anything abnormal.
No pancreatitis or abnormal anything .
Pancreatitis no or anything abnormal .
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics.
Vet the said it was gastroenteritis and gave fluids him under skin his , an of injection medication with nausea along some take home antibiotics .
The said vet it was gastroenteritis and gave him under fluids his skin , of injection an medication nausea with along some take home antibiotics .
So my question is..
So my is question . .
So question my is . .
Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis?
Is normal it for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis ?
It is normal for dogs throw to up while blood having gastroenteritis ?
and will these antibiotics help?
and will antibiotics these help ?
and will these help antibiotics ?
I have tryed to give him water but he wont take it.. what should i do?
I have tryed give to him water he but take it wont . . what i should do ?
I have to give tryed water him he but take wont it . . what should i do ?
i dont want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food?
i dont him want to get dehydrated also and i should try to give him bit a of little food ?
dont him I want get to dehydrated and also should i try to him give a little of bit food ?
... Some help would be great.
. . . Some help great would be .
. . . Some would be help great .
thank you :)
thank : you )
you thank : )
They didnt take x-rays they offered them but i just couldnt afford anymore treatment.
Take they didnt x - rays they offered them but i just couldnt afford anymore . treatment
They didnt take x rays - they offered but them i just couldnt anymore afford treatment .
I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wont be buying grocerys for the next few weeks.
I feel like shit for saying but that after what have they done i already wont grocerys be buying for the next few weeks .
I like feel shit for saying but that after they what have done i already be wont grocerys buying for next the few weeks .
I will give them and call and see what they say.
I give will and them call and see what say they .
I will them give and call and what see say they .
Thank you for the help.
Thank you the for help .
You thank for the help .
Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time.
So ok spoke i to and the vet he the said give him white rice boiled and chicken only but a little at a time .
Ok spoke so i the to vet and he said give the him white and rice boiled but chicken only a little at time a .
Seince he recieved the fluids lastnight he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days.
Seince recieved he the fluids said lastnight not he to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days .
Seince recieved he the fluids he lastnight not said worry to about water drinking for least at a couple of days .
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info its greatly appreciated.
I went home at lunch to check on him and is he doing he 1000etter actually was walkin and around his wagin tail : ) everbody thanks for the info greatly its . appreciated
I went home lunch at on to check him and he doing is 1000etter was he actually walkin around and his wagin : tail ) thanks everbody for info the its greatly appreciated .
To answer your questions in order:
Answer to your in questions order :
To answer in your questions order :
1) It is not normal for dogs to be vomiting, much less to have blood in it.
1 It ) is normal for not dogs to be vomiting , much less blood to have in . it
) 1 It is not normal to for dogs be vomiting , much to less have blood in it .
However, if they have been vomiting numerous times, then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines.
, however if have they been vomiting numerous times , the then blood could be to irritation due the of and stomach intestines .
However , if have they been vomiting numerous times , then blood the due could be to irritation of the stomach and . intestines
He could also have Parvovirus, a GI foreign body, or any number of things.
He could have also Parvovirus , GI foreign a body or , number any of things .
Could he also have Parvovirus , a GI foreign body or , number any of things .
Did your vet take radiographs (x-rays)?
Did vet take your radiographs ( x - ) rays ?
Your vet did radiographs take ( x - rays ) ?
2) Your vet would not prescribe them if they didn't think it would be helpful.
) 2 Your would not vet them prescribe if they didn ' think t it would be helpful .
2 Your ) vet would not prescribe them they if didn ' t think it be would helpful .
3) If he shows no interest in water, then take him back to your vet.
3 ) If shows he interest no in water , take then back him to vet your .
3 ) he If no shows interest in water , him then take back your to vet .
It could be due to nausea or any number of things.
It be could to due nausea or any number of . things
Could be it due nausea to or any number of things .
He could become severly dehydrated (especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea).
Could he become severly dehydrated ( if he especially continues to and vomit have ) diarrhea .
Could he severly become dehydrated ( especially he continues if to vomit have and diarrhea ) .
From there you end up with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problems.
There from end you with up electrolyte , imbalances can which lead to heart and kidney problems .
From there up you end with electrolyte imbalances which , can to heart lead and kidney problems .
And being dehydrated, vomiting, and having diarrhea just doesn't feel good.
Being and dehydrated , vomiting , having diarrhea and doesn just ' t feel good .
And being dehydrated , vomiting , diarrhea and having just doesn ' t feel good .
4) Call your vet.
) 4 Call your vet .
4 ) Call your . vet
They should have discussed a bland diet with you, including the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sitting.
They should have discussed bland a diet you with , frequency including the of feeding and how much feed to at each sitting .
They should discussed have diet bland a with you , including the of frequency and feeding how much to feed each at sitting .
It sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized, and put on IV fluids to help his hydration, administer the antibiotics IV, and to ensure that he starts to recover.
Sounds it your like dog from may benefit being hospitalized , put and on IV fluids help to his hydration , administer the antibiotics IV , and to that ensure he starts recover to .
It sounds like your dog may benefit being from , hospitalized put fluids and on to IV his help , hydration administer the antibiotics IV , and to ensure that he starts to . recover
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about.
You should call ABSOLUTELY your veterinarian immediately back to anything clarify you questions have about .
Should ABSOLUTELY you call your veterinarian back to immediately clarify anything you questions have about .
They have seen your pet, and are most aware of his condition.
They seen have your pet , and are most aware of condition his .
Have seen they pet your , and are most of aware his condition .
No one online will be able to assist you more than your vet can.
One no online be will able assist you to more than your vet can .
No one will online be able assist to than you more your vet can .
You need to ask your vet these questions.
You to need ask vet your these questions .
You to need ask vet your these questions .
Boiled WHITE rice and boiled chicken breast.
Boiled rice WHITE and boiled chicken . breast
Boiled WHITE and rice boiled breast chicken .
Bland food.
Food bland .
Food bland .
NO SPICES!
SPICES NO !
SPICES NO !
My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot, it could be a sign of obstruction.
Vet my told me when a dog is vomiting a lot it , could a sign be of obstruction .
My vet when told me is a dog vomiting a lot , it be could a of sign obstruction .
Did they do any x-rays?
Did do they any x rays - ?
Did do they any x rays - ?
I don't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment.
I ' don t if know vomiting blood is common this with . ailment
' I don t know vomiting if is blood common with this ailment .
You should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not.
You should call your vet now and them ask what is normal not or .
Should you call your now vet and them ask what is or normal not .
French dating etiquette?
Dating french etiquette ?
French dating ? etiquette
I would really love to hear what the French or those who had dated the French to say something about this.
Would I really love to hear French what the those or who had dated French the to something say about this .
I would love hear really to what the French those or who had dated French the to something say about this .
I'm in my 20's and currently studying in France.
' I m my in 20 ' s and currently studying . in France
' I m in my 20 s ' studying and currently in France .
Coming from an anglo-saxon country my version of dating is 'getting the number, asking her out, etc..'
An coming from anglo - saxon version country my of dating is ' the getting , number asking her , out etc . . '
Coming from an anglo - saxon my country version of is ' getting dating number the asking , her out , . etc . '
However, I've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different.
, however ' I on ve read the that internet the French dating etiquette is totally different .
However , I ' ve on the read internet that French the dating is etiquette totally . different
For them, dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties, then pairing off.
For them , dating would be normally meeting groups or in parties then , off pairing .
Them for dating , normally would be meeting groups in or parties , pairing then off .
In addition, from my understanding one-on-one dates is something that comes much later and not 'straight-away' like us anglo-saxons.
Addition in , my from understanding one - - on one dates is something that much comes later ' and not straight - away ' like anglo us - saxons .
Addition in , from my one - understanding on one - is dates that something comes later much and not ' straight away - ' like us - anglo saxons .
They are also very secretive about being in a relationship.
Are they very also secretive about being in relationship a .
They are also secretive very about in being relationship a .
They only 'go out in the open' once they have reached a certain level of seriousness.
They only ' go the out in once open ' they have reached a certain of level seriousness .
Only they ' go out in the ' open once they have reached a certain level seriousness of .
Is it true?
Is true it ?
It is true ?
I have told a French girl I liked her, and she accepted.
Have I told a girl French liked I , her and she accepted .
I have a told girl French liked I her , she and accepted .
She is friendly when we see each other on campus.
She is friendly when we each see other campus . on
Is she friendly when see we each other campus on .
She is also nicer when we are both alone.
Also she is nicer when are we both alone .
Is she nicer also when we both are alone .
However, when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me.
However , when we at are parties when or they are around she people seems to ignore . me
, however we when at are parties when they or are people around she seems to ignore me .
She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop!
Also she hate seems to whenever it I ask her on out a date , the to point she said stop !
She seems also to hate it whenever ask I her out on date a , the to point she said stop !
My mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along.
My mind thinks has she no interest in and me just me stringing . along
My thinks she mind has no in interest me just and stringing me along .
But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary.
But the I read articles to seemed say the contrary .
The articles but I read seemed to the say contrary .
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap?
Have fallen I just victim in cultural a trap ?
Have I just fallen victim a in cultural trap ?
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios.
What you have in the read internet is accurate fairly but of it course does not fit scenarios . all
What you have read in the internet fairly is accurate but course of it not does all fit scenarios .
You are not French for a start, so the "rules" or "customs" may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from different backgrounds.
Are you not French start for a , so the " rules or " " " customs may not apply you to when comes it to entering into a between relationship people from different backgrounds .
You are not French a for start , so " the rules " or " " customs may to not apply you when it comes to entering relationship into a between people from backgrounds different .
From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear.
What from you say messages the given by girl this quite are clear .
From what you say the messages given girl by this clear are quite .
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .
She is stringing not you since along is she actually you discouraging and honest is enough to tell to you stop her asking out .
She is stringing not along you since she actually is you discouraging and honest is enough tell to you to stop asking out her .
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend.
She is just friendly in being public because she does not want to offend you she and you treats any like other friend .
She is just friendly being in public because does she want not to offend she you and you treats like any friend other .
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment, but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you.
You you said liked her and she accepted it as a truth perhaps as and a , compliment but does it not mean fancies she you or to wants pair with off you .
Said you you liked she her and accepted as it truth a and perhaps a as compliment but , it does mean not she fancies you or wants off to pair with you .
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you, which is consistent.
At does parties she want not to be considered in any way attached , to you is which consistent .
Parties does at she not want to be considered any in attached way to you , which is . consistent
Take the messages for what they are: she has no objection in you being pals at uni, but she does not want to take matters further.
Take the for messages what they are : has she no objection in being pals you at uni , she but not does want to matters take . further
Take the for messages they what : are she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she not does to want matters take further .
"Non!" means "non", not "I might consider it, and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case."
" ! Non means " " non " , not " I consider might it , and I will attached keep to you my apron just strings in case . "
Non " ! means " " non " , not I " might it consider , and I keep will attached you to my strings apron in case just . "
Christiane gave you a good answer.
Gave christiane a you good answer .
Christiane gave a good you answer .
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding.
You have in fallen cultural a misunderstanding .
You have fallen in cultural misunderstanding a .
What I have to add is that it is normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants from you.
What I to add have is it that normal is in France to have mixed of gender groups friends , there ' s unusual nothing in boys and being girls only , friends which is obviously what this girl from wants you .
What I have to add is it that normal is in France mixed to have gender groups of friends , there ' s unusual in nothing boys girls and only friends being , which obviously is what this girl wants from you .
She probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level, and trying to make you understand that she doesn't want to go further.
She probably finds your pleasing company as a friend you but not are her a choice boyfriend a she and is trying to keep it on a friendship level , trying and to make you understand that she doesn ' want t further to go .
Probably she finds your company pleasing as a friend are you but her not choice a a and boyfriend she is trying keep to it on a friendship level , and trying to you make understand that she doesn ' t want to go further .
If she is nicer when you are alone I'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend.
If she nicer is you when are alone I d say ' is it because in public view she is sure making people that do think not that you be might her . boyfriend
She if is nicer when you alone are I d ' it say is because in public view is she making that sure not do people that think you might be her boyfriend .
You do find the 'get the number hop in bed with her' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts.
Do you the find ' the get number in hop bed with her ' be but aware that usually they have a reputation sluts as .
You do find the ' get the number hop in with her bed ' but aware be they that a usually have reputation as . sluts
Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but that's the way our own rules work.
Unfair for girl the as boys don ' t have kind that of , handicap that but ' s the our way own rules work .
Unfair for the girl boys don as ' t have kind that , of handicap but that ' s way the our own work rules .
Should have done research before you left.
Should have done before research left you .
Should have research done you before left .
Why not just take your chances and do it your way?
Not why just your take chances do and it your way ?
Not why just take your chances do and it way your ?
True or false: being a young New Zealander means having no future?
Or true false : a being young Zealander New means no having future ?
Or false true : being young a New Zealander means having no ? future
There are no jobs in this country.
There no are in jobs this country .
There jobs are no in this country .
I'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry.
M I ' just to trying up make my mind whether should I to move Australia or seek in work the sex industry .
' I trying m just to make up my mind whether should I move to Australia or in seek the work sex industry .
Is there a future for our nation's youth?
There is future for a our nation ' s youth ?
There is future a for our nation ' s ? youth
@Ryan B,
Ryan @ B ,
@ B Ryan ,
I'm two years into an undergraduate degree.
I ' two m years an into degree undergraduate .
' I m years two an into undergraduate degree .
Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available.
Everybody I know at to university intends stay at uni for as long as possible until there actually are available jobs .
Everybody I at know university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible there until are actually jobs available .
Everybody seems to flee this country and move overseas, to Australia, etc.
Seems everybody to flee country this and overseas move , to , Australia etc .
Seems everybody flee this to and country move overseas , to Australia , etc .
There's obviously a reason for that (lack of employment, low incomes, etc.)
There ' s reason a obviously for that lack ( of employment low , incomes , etc . )
There ' s obviously a that reason for ( of employment lack , incomes low , etc . )
Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22.
Your answer doesn ' t anything do but remind me I that ' m be going to $ 25 000 in , debt by time the ' m I 22 .
Your doesn answer ' do t anything but remind me ' that m I going to be 25 $ , 000 in debt by the time I ' 22 m .
So, thanks.
, so thanks .
So thanks , .
@W.a.b.b.y,
@ . W a . . b b . , y
@ W a . b . b . . y ,
I really like you're answer.
I really ' like you re answer .
Really I like you re ' answer .
it's very logical.
it ' very s logical .
it ' very s logical .
I've also considered becoming a teacher, but it's not a job I'm cut out for.
I ' also ve considered becoming a teacher but , s it ' not job a ' I m cut out for .
' I ve considered also a becoming teacher but , it ' s not a I job m ' cut out for .
I also wish I'd applied for a scholarship.
Also I wish ' I applied d for a scholarship .
I wish also ' I d applied for scholarship a .
I didn't think I'd be awarded one, but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school, so my chances were probably better than I thought they were.
I didn ' t think I ' awarded d one be , but received I Dux the Litterarum award at school high , chances so my were probably better than I they were thought .
I didn ' t think ' I d be , awarded one but received I the Litterarum Dux award at high so school , my were chances better probably than I they thought were .
Obviously I'm still completely stupid though.
Obviously ' I m still completely stupid . though
I obviously ' still m completely stupid though .
I mean, I wasn't smart enough to apply for a scholarship.
I mean I , wasn ' t smart enough to apply for a . scholarship
I mean , wasn I ' t enough smart apply to for a . scholarship
And yes, I am being melodramatic.
And yes , I am being melodramatic .
And , yes I being am melodramatic .
Lol.
. lol
. lol
@Hatmanone,
Hatmanone @ ,
@ , Hatmanone
*gasps* So I wouldn't make a good prostitute?
* gasps * So I wouldn ' make a t prostitute good ?
* gasps * So wouldn I ' make t a prostitute good ?
Are you saying I'm bad in bed?
You are saying I ' bad m in ? bed
Are you I saying m ' in bad bed ?
How would you know?
How would know you ?
Would how you know ?
Joking.
. joking
. joking
Your answer is very sweet, but I'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students.
Answer your is very , sweet but I ' m not compassionate towards teenage high students school .
Answer is your sweet very but , I ' m compassionate not towards teenage high school students .
A little mellow dramatic?
A little dramatic mellow ?
A little mellow ? dramatic
In my opinion, far too many people are at university studying worthless degrees.
In my opinion far , too many people are at university worthless studying degrees .
In my opinion , far too many at people university are worthless studying degrees .
Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting, but how many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications?
Yes things like and philosophy fashion design are interesting , how but jobs many are out there someone for with these qualifications ?
Yes things like philosophy and fashion design interesting are , how but many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications ?
I'm studying to be a teacher, so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I'm done.
' I m studying to a be teacher , so I know that there jobs will definitely be out there I when ' done m .
I ' studying m to be a teacher , I so that know there be will definitely jobs there out I when ' m done .
I may have to live somewhere rural or in Auckland, but at least I can be pretty sure I'll be employable.
I have to may somewhere live rural or in Auckland , at but I least can be pretty I sure ll ' be employable .
Have I may to live somewhere rural in or Auckland , but at least I be can sure pretty I ' ll be employable .
I've also got a bachelors degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession.
I ' ve also got a degree bachelors so I go can and back do further study take or different a . profession
I ' ve a also got degree bachelors so I go can back and do further study take or a profession different .
I also know that you don't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here.
Also I know that you don ' t get paid much that more Australia in than you here do .
Also I know don that you ' t get paid that much in more Australia you than do . here
And it's not all about how much you earn, cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia.
And it ' s not all how about you much earn , cost living of is much higher many cities in in Australia .
And it ' s all not how about much you earn , cost of is living much higher in cities many Australia in .
Try living in Sydney on a teacher's salary, then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago.
Try in living Sydney on teacher a s ' salary , then compare to somewhere it Central like Otago .
Living try in a on Sydney ' teacher s salary , compare then it to somewhere like Central Otago .
You also have to put up with all the annoying accents in Australia.
Have you also put to up with all annoying the accents in Australia .
Also you have to put up with all the annoying accents in . Australia
It's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan.
It ' probably s not a wise idea to keep studying and having a loan massive student .
It s ' probably not a idea wise to keep studying a and having student massive loan .
At the moment there's no interest, but that'll probably change.
The at moment there ' s no interest but , that ' ll probably change .
At the there moment ' s no , interest but that ' change ll probably .
And they'll probably add interest to what you've already racked up.
And they ' probably ll interest add what to ' you ve already racked up .
And they ' ll probably add interest to what ' you ve already up racked .
And they're working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back.
And they ' re working being able towards to extradite who people have left the to country it avoid paying back .
And ' they working towards re being to extradite able who people have left the country to avoid paying it back .
At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they'll force you cough up.
Moment at the if you move overseas you only can come back to New for a Zealand amount short of before time they ' ll force you cough up .
At the you moment if move overseas can you only come back to Zealand New a short for amount of time before ' ll they you force cough up .
And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest.
Time and all that ' you re overseas you ' ll be racking up interest .
All and time that you ' overseas re you ll ' be racking up interest .
I wouldn't like not having the option to return to NZ.
Wouldn I ' t like not having option to the return to . NZ
I wouldn t ' like not having to the option return NZ to .
I guess I'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800f my course fees through my degree.
Guess I m I ' extremely that fortunate I a scholarship received which paid about 800f my course fees through my degree .
Guess I I ' m extremely fortunate that I a scholarship received which paid about 800f my course fees my through degree .
But I worked hard and I'm still working hard.
I hard but worked and I ' m still working hard .
I but worked hard I and ' still m working hard .
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap.
Are there far too many people lazy out who there think that they can sit a around job will fall their in lap .
There are far too lazy many people who there out think that they around can sit a job will fall in their . lap
My 2c. ....
. my 2c . . . .
My 2c . . . . .
Get an education!
Get education an !
An get education !
I'm doing fine.
I ' doing m fine .
' I m doing fine .
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground, don't assume it's better in Oz.
Youth whilst jobs thin on are the ground , don t ' it assume ' s in better Oz .
Whilst youth jobs are on thin the ground , don ' t assume it ' s better Oz in .
People have been fleeing this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20+ years, so it's not anything new.
Have people been this fleeing country at a roughly plane per load week for past the 20 + years , so it ' s not new anything .
People been fleeing have this at country roughly a load plane per week for the past 20 + years so , it ' not s anything new .
It depends on what you hunger for.
Depends it on what you hunger . for
It depends on you what hunger . for
700f jobs aren't advertised.
700f jobs aren ' t advertised .
Jobs 700f aren ' advertised t .
That means making yourself known; that means networking.
That means making known yourself ; that means networking .
That making means known yourself ; means that networking .
why does my baby king snake refuse to eat?
why does my baby snake refuse king eat to ?
why does my king baby snake refuse to eat ?
i have a baby eastern king snake.
i have a baby king snake eastern .
i have baby eastern a king snake .
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses.
i have EVERYTHING tried can i get to him to but eat he refuses .
i tried have EVERYTHING i can get to him eat to but refuses he .
he has a great environment, with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp.
has he a great environment , water with and lots hiding of places heat and a lamp .
has he a great environment , with and water lots of hiding places and a lamp heat .
as far as i know, everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned.
as far as i know everything , as good is it as can where be his aquarium concerned is .
far as as i know , is everything as it good as can be where aquarium his concerned is .
according to the vet, he is healthy and looks good.
to according vet the , he is healthy and looks . good
according the to vet , is he healthy looks and good .
he has been going to the bathroom like he should.
he been has going to the like bathroom should he .
Has he been going to the like bathroom should he .
(i know that snakes that have problems going to the bathroom won't eat.)
( i that know snakes have that problems going to the bathroom won ' t . eat )
( i know that snakes have that problems to going the won bathroom t ' . eat )
he has been drinking water (i am pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl, but also i have been feeding him water and he doesn't ever give me a problem with that - i just stick his head near the water and he sucks it down.)
he has drinking been water i ( am pretty sure he has been it drinking out of his bowl , but also i been have feeding him and water he doesn ' ever t give a me problem with that - just i stick his head near water the he and sucks it down . )
Has he drinking been water ( i am pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl , but also been i feeding have him water and he doesn ' t ever give me a problem with that - i just stick head his the near water he and sucks it down . )
i handle him every few days.
i handle few him every days .
Handle I him every days few .
he is feisty, as most king snakes are, but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything.
Is he feisty , as king most snakes are he , but a is very nice little guy - he never to tries or anything bite .
is he feisty , most as king snakes are , but is he a very guy little nice - he never to tries or bite anything .
i just love him to death.
i just love to him . death
just I love him death to .
i don't know why he won't eat though!
don I ' t why know he ' won t eat though !
i don why ' t know he won ' t eat though !
i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen (thawed) pinkies.
i tried have feeding 5 him or 6 pinkies live and 5 4 or frozen ( thawed ) . pinkies
have I feeding him tried 5 6 or live pinkies and or 4 5 frozen ( thawed pinkies ) .
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is.
i have never feeding tried him a pinky was that bigger he around than is .
Have I never feeding tried him a pinky was that bigger around he than is .
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he won't touch the pinky.
i have tried him putting a in container small and putting in him a dark place for hour an or so and he won ' t touch the pinky .
have I tried putting him in small a container and putting him in dark a place for an hour so or he and won ' t touch the pinky .
he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them.
Crawls he top on of but them does not try to them eat .
Crawls he on top of them but not does try to eat them .
he doesn't seem to know that they are food.
doesn he ' t seem to know they are that food .
Doesn he ' t to seem know they that are food .
i have tried "braining" both live and dead pinkies, and bloodying them up to get his attention, but he doesn't care.
i have " tried braining both " live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them to up get his attention , but he ' t doesn . care
i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , bloodying and them up to get his attention but , doesn he ' care t .
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice, and in used gerbil bedding.
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , in and used gerbil bedding .
i have dipping both tried live and thawed pinkies in juice tuna , and in gerbil bedding used .
i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake's face.
have I bought some reptile long feeding tweezers and have tried holding pinky front the in the of snake ' s face .
I have some bought long reptile tweezers feeding and have tried holding the pinky front in of the snake ' face s .
he wont even try to bite.
he even wont try to . bite
he wont even try to bite .
i am very discouraged and sad and i don't know what to do.
Very I am and discouraged sad i and don ' t know what to do .
am I very discouraged and sad and ' i don t know what do to .
he hasn't eaten in an entire month.
he ' hasn eaten t in an month entire .
he hasn ' t in an eaten entire . month
i've only tried to feed him one at a time.
i ' ve only tried to feed him at one a time .
i ' only ve tried to him one feed at a time .
he's just a tiny baby, about the width of a pencil.
he ' just s a tiny baby , the about width a pencil of .
he s ' just a tiny , baby about width the a of pencil .
do babies this small hibernate?
babies do this small hibernate ?
babies do this small hibernate ?
When you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him?
When feed you how him many pinkies do you him feed ?
When feed you him how many pinkies do you feed him ?
If you feed him too many he could just not be hungry.
If feed you him too he many could not just be hungry .
If you feed him many too he could just not be hungry .
If he doesn't seem interested in them at all I would say he's just not hungry.
If doesn he ' t in seem interested at them all would I say he s ' just not hungry .
He doesn if ' t interested seem in them at all I he would say ' just s not hungry .
My boyfriend has one and when she's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away.
My boyfriend has one and she when ' s she attacks hungry the pinkie right away .
My boyfriend has one and when she s ' hungry attacks she the pinkie away right .
They can smell it so i'm sure he knows what it is and just don't want it.
They can it smell so ' m sure i he what knows it and is just don ' t want it .
They can it smell i so ' m sure he knows what is it and just ' don t want it .
Remember snakes can go awhile without eating.
Remember snakes can go awhile eating . without
Snakes remember can go without awhile eating .
In the winter, they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation-like state called brumation, which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity.
In the winter they , usually go deep will and underground enter hibernation a - like state called brumation which , characterized is by a slowed and metabolism reduced activity .
In the winter , will they usually go underground deep and enter a - hibernation like state brumation called , which characterized is by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .
King snakes sometimes stop eating, particularly during the cooler part of the year.
King snakes sometimes stop eating , during particularly cooler the of part year the .
Snakes sometimes king stop eating particularly , during cooler the part of the year .
They have a natural instinct to hibernate.
They have instinct a natural to hibernate .
Have they a natural instinct hibernate to .
If the snake is not pregnant or shedding, and its enclosure is properly equipped, a loss of appetite probably signals a beginning of hibernation.
If snake the is not pregnant or , shedding and its enclosure is properly , equipped loss a of probably appetite signals a beginning of . hibernation
If snake the is not or pregnant shedding , its and enclosure is properly equipped , loss of a appetite signals probably beginning a hibernation of .
Hibernation is natural, and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred.
Hibernation is natural , and a necessity snakes for are that to be going bred .
Hibernation natural is and , a necessity for snakes that to are going be bred .
Another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding.
Another thing that can cause king a to snake stop eating is shedding .
Another thing can that cause king a snake to eating stop shedding is .
You can tell when your king snake is about to shed, because its eyes will get milky looking.
You can when tell your king snake about is to , shed because its eyes get will milky looking .
Can you when tell your king is snake about shed to , its because eyes get will milky looking .
Its body will be dull looking, too.
Body its will be looking dull , too .
Its body be will looking dull , too .
In a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin.
In a few the days snake begin will shed to its skin .
A in few days the will snake begin to shed skin its .
For example, some snakes will routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter, feeding mainly in spring and fall.
For example some , snakes routinely will go off their in both food the winter summer and , mainly feeding in spring and fall .
For , example snakes some will routinely go off their in food the both and summer winter , feeding mainly in spring and fall .
It's natural and so long as you don't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about.
' it natural s and so long as don you ' see t any deterioration serious in their health is nothing to worry about .
It ' natural s and long so you don as ' t see any serious in deterioration their is health nothing worry to about .
You see, some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go off their food.
See you , some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go their off food .
You see , some for no snakes reason obvious will go simply off their food .
They're fit and healthy and their care is suitable.
' they re fit and healthy their and care is . suitable
They ' and re fit healthy their and care is suitable .
hope this helped.
this hope helped .
this hope helped .
That's why it's good to have a python!
That ' why s it ' s good to have a python !
That ' why s ' it s good to have a ! python
It's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month.
' it s my twice size and a eats rabbit once month a .
It ' s twice my and size a eats rabbit month once a .
are my two cats fighting or playing?
are two my cats fighting or ? playing
are two my cats or fighting playing ?
how rough is too rough?
how rough too is rough ?
rough how is too rough ?
help!?
! help ?
! help ?
i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten.
i a have 1 and a half old male year neutered cat a new and 2 old month spayed female kitten .
i a have 1 and a half year old male cat neutered a and new 2 month spayed old female kitten .
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that.
First the night i brought her home i the did sniffing under the door and thing left at it that .
The night first i brought home her i the did sniffing under the door thing and it left at that .
the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out, and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing(chasing each other up and down the hall, rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other).
the next i day let her out of the bedroom so they could each check other out , and the kitten twice hissed within first the 20 of minutes meeting each other and she now longer no hisses and they have been playing ( chasing each other up and down the hall , rolling around on the ground and pawing each at other ) .
the next i day let her out of bedroom the they so could check each other out , and the hissed twice kitten within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she longer no hisses they and have been playing ( chasing each other up down and the , hall rolling on around the ground and pawing at each other ) .
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine.
Once only it looked like my male was cat biting neck at her and then her stomach and she meowing was loud fairly and hissed once then backed he off and they now are fine .
only once looked it male like my cat was biting at her her neck and then and stomach she meowing was fairly loud and hissed once then he backed and off now are they fine .
were they roughhouse playing?
were roughhouse they playing ?
were they playing roughhouse ?
or were they actually fighting?
or were actually they fighting ?
or were they fighting actually ?
he has been "biting" at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so im wondering if he went a little to far that one time.
he has been " biting " at her neck and stomach previously while they play her meowing without anything or so wondering im if he went a to little far one that time .
he has been " biting " at her neck and stomach while previously they without play meowing her anything or so wondering im if he went a little far to that one time .
any answers help!!!!!!
any answers help ! ! ! ! ! !
answers any ! help ! ! ! ! !
you did not leave the new kitten in the room long enough.
you did not the leave new kitten in room long the enough .
you did not leave the new in kitten the room long enough .
you need to do that for a least a week, or else this type of territorial fighting will happen.
need you to do that for a a least week , or else this of territorial type will fighting . happen
you need to do for that least a a week , or else type this of territorial fighting happen will .
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared.
The giving new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel will safe and give her a to place to go when scared .
giving new the kitten her own territory small will her to help feel safe and will her give a place to to when go scared .
right now, your male is fighting off an intruder, and he feels that all of the house is his.
right now , your is male off fighting an intruder , and feels he all of that the house is . his
right now , your male is off fighting an intruder , and feels he that all the of is house his .
put her back in the room, and keep the door closed for a week.
put back her in the room , keep and door the closed for week a .
her put back in the , room the and keep door closed for a week .
then let her out for ten minutes.
then let out her ten for minutes .
then let her out for ten minutes .
make it fifteen the next day, then twenty, and so on.
make it fifteen the next day , then twenty , and on . so
make it fifteen the day , next then twenty , and so on .
this will do two things; the new kitten will rub her cheek on the furniture in her room, making it her territory.
this do will two things ; new the rub kitten cheek will her on the in furniture her room , making it her territory .
will this do two things the ; new will kitten her rub cheek the furniture on in room her , making it her territory .
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she doesn't now.
Will she to start calm down and safe feel - can you bet she doesn ' now t .
will she start to calm down feel and safe - bet you can she ' doesn t now .
she knows she is invading someone else's territory, but can't help it, and has no where to go.
knows she she is invading someone else ' s territory , can but ' help t , it has and where no go to .
she knows is invading someone she else ' s territory , but can ' it t help , has and no where go to .
she will be able to sleep without being afraid.
Will she be to able sleep being without afraid .
she be will able to without sleep afraid being .
as well, your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened.
as well , your male will able be see to that his territory is threatened not .
as well , your will male be see able to that his territory is not threatened .
when the door opens, he will get that the one room is hers, and he will be OK with that.
when the opens door , he will get the that room hers one is , and will he be OK with that .
the door opens when , will he get the that one room is hers , and will he be OK with that .
the territory thing will be solved.
the territory thing solved will be .
the thing territory will solved be .
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey.
your male is hurting her put to her in her - place biting her scruff dominance is and biting the belly a move is cats use when hunting to - pull guts the of out their prey .
your male is hurting her put to in her her place - biting her scruff is and dominance biting the belly a is move use cats when hunting to pull - the guts out their of prey .
this is not good.
is this not good .
this is not . good
give them time to set up their territories, and once you bring the new kitten out, pay a lot of attention to the male.
them give time to set their up , territories and you once the bring kitten new out , pay a lot of to attention male the .
give set them time to their up territories , once and bring you the new kitten out pay , a lot of to attention the male .
you have brought someone else into his territory, and he needs to be reminded that you still love him, and support his claim to his space.
you have someone brought else into territory his , he and needs to be reminded still that him you love , and support claim his to his space .
you have brought someone into else his , territory and needs to he be you reminded that love still him , and support his claim to space his .
that will help to reassure him, and he will be less aggressive with her.
that help to will reassure him , he and will be less aggressive her with .
will that help to reassure , him he and will be aggressive less with her .
when they play fight, they don't hiss.
when play they fight , they don hiss ' t .
play when they fight , they don ' t . hiss
if they hiss, they are not playing.
they if hiss , they are playing not .
they if hiss , they are playing not .
if they bite, and one cries, you must separate them, and you must keep an eye on them.
they if bite , and cries one , you separate must them , and you keep must eye an them on .
if they bite , and one cries , separate you must them , you and must keep an eye on . them
hissing is OK, unless they start to fight.
hissing is OK , unless to they fight start .
Hissing is OK unless , they start to fight .
if that happens, separate them, and give them time apart.
if happens that , separate , them and give time them apart .
If that happens , separate , them and give them time apart .
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid, and she will relax.
Girl putting the in her will make territory her feel afraid less , and she will relax .
putting the in girl her territory will make less her feel afraid and , she relax will .
good luck!
luck good !
good ! luck
A hiss is basically a "get the f*ck away" sound.
Hiss a is basically a " get the f ck * away " sound .
Hiss a is basically a " the f get * away ck " sound .
It means they've gone too far.
It they means ' gone ve too far .
It they means ' ve too gone far .
When they start bleeding that means they're really fighting.
When they start bleeding that they means ' re really fighting .
When they start that bleeding means ' they really re fighting .
If they're going kinda slow and like fake biting (not biting as hard as they can), and fake scratching (not hitting as hard as they can with their paws) then they're playing.
They if ' re going slow kinda and like fake ( biting not biting as they hard as can ) , fake and scratching not ( hitting hard as as they can with their paws ) they then ' playing re .
They if re ' going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they ) can , fake and scratching ( not as hard hitting as can they with their paws ) they then ' re playing .
I have two cats, and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial, but now they do fight and play.
I have cats two and , at first they each hissed at because other very cats are territorial , but now they fight do and play .
Two I have cats , and at they first hissed other at each cats because are territorial very , but now they fight do and play .
The difference is when the cat hisses, that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away.
The difference when is cat the hisses that , means they are and annoyed they the want other cat to go . away
The difference is the when cat hisses , means that they are annoyed and the they want other cat to go away .
That means they are fighting.
Means that they are fighting .
That means they fighting are .
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing.
They when just are jumping at each and other their tails are wagging means that they that are . playing
When they are just jumping each at other and their are tails wagging means that that they are playing .
I can see how you get confused though. :)
I see can how you confused get . though : )
I how can see you get confused . though : )
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive?
What was the goal North for in Vietnam the Tet ? offensive
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the offensive Tet ?
When Johnson deployed troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would take a half-million troops about ten years to pacify South Vietnam.
Johnson when troops deployed in 1964 he was advised by the it military take would half a - million troops ten about years to Vietnam pacify South .
When Johnson deployed troops in was 1964 by he advised military the it would take half - a million troops about years ten to pacify South Vietnam .
He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years (before the next election in 1968).
He to refused believe them ordered and the to military win war the two within to three years ( next before election the in 1968 ) .
Refused he to believe them the and ordered military win to war within the two to three years the ( before next election in 1968 ) .
He did not give them the number of troops they requested.
He did give not them the of number they troops requested .
He not did them give number the of troops they requested .
This left Westmoreland with few options, so he adapted a Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is, in the long run, the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency.
Left this with Westmoreland options few , so he a adapted Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy is which , in the long run the method , preferred of insurgency pacifying an .
Left this Westmoreland with few options , he so adapted a Search and Destroy strategy instead a of Clear strategy and Defend which , is in the long run , the of preferred method pacifying . an insurgency
Thing is, it worked.
Thing is , it . worked
Thing is , it . worked
The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement), they were being challenged by the Main Force VC (which was light infantry) and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA).
ARVN the was having not a big the problem with Local VC ( the guerilla movement ) , they were challenged being by Main the Force ( VC which light was infantry ) and the North Vietnamese Army ( NVA ) .
The not ARVN having was a big problem with VC the Local ( guerilla the movement ) , they were challenged being by the Main Force VC ( which was light ) infantry and the North Vietnamese Army ( NVA ) .
When the Americans swept in with their Search and Destroy operations the Communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the US firepower, and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take sanctuary across the borders in Laos and Cambodia.
The when Americans swept in with their Search and Destroy operations Communists the leaned quickly they could not stand up the to US firepower , and these regular troops forced were to the country flee and take sanctuary across borders the in Laos and Cambodia .
When the Americans swept in with and their Search the Destroy operations quickly Communists leaned they could not stand up US to the firepower , and these regular troops were forced to flee the country take and sanctuary across borders the in and Laos Cambodia .
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct, the Communists WERE being defeated.
Those all reports about sunny the progress in were Vietnam correct , the Communists WERE defeated being .
Sunny all those reports about the progress Vietnam in were correct , the Communists WERE being defeated .
However, Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases.
However , would not Johnson let the cross the military borders and clean the out Communist bases .
Johnson however , would not let the military the cross and borders clean out the bases Communist .
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack, but he ignored his military advisers.
Was he warned that they building were up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack but , he ignored military advisers his .
He warned was that were they building up a huge Army eventually and launch would an attack , but ignored he military his advisers .
The Communists agreed.
Communists the agreed .
Communists the agreed .
They could not defeat the Americans.
Not they could defeat the Americans .
They not could the defeat Americans .
However, what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations.
However , they what hoped to during do the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans attack and the in ARVN the urban areas where were they deployed doing Clear successful Defend and . operations
However , they what hoped to during the do Tet Offensive was to sneak past the and Americans attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and . Defend operations
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN, cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government, and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants.
The thought Communists they could defeat the ARVN , cause fall the the of South Vietnamese government , and the would people than to rally the Communist cause leave Americans and the stranded in a sea peasants of angry .
Communists the thought they defeat could the ARVN , cause the fall the of Vietnamese South government , and the people would than rally the to Communist and cause leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants .
THAT WAS THE PLAN.
THAT WAS PLAN THE .
THAT THE WAS PLAN .
What happened?
What ? happened
Happened what ?
The Americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas.
The detected Americans the attempt infiltrate to the areas urban were and already redeploying troops the from areas rural .
The detected Americans the to attempt infiltrate the urban were areas and already redeploying troops from rural areas the .
The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked.
The ARVN rushed back from and holiday counterattacked leave .
ARVN the rushed back from leave holiday and . counterattacked
Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue.
24 within hours every had Communist assault been defeated except in the ancient of Hue capital .
Within hours 24 Communist every had assault been except defeated in ancient the capital of Hue .
The government did NOT fall.
The government NOT did fall .
The government did fall NOT .
And the South Vietnamese people?
And the South Vietnamese ? people
The and South Vietnamese people ?
When give the ultimate choice, they rallied
The when give ultimate choice , they rallied 
When give the ultimate choice , they rallied 
TO THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT.
THE TO VIETNAMESE SOUTH GOVERNMENT  .
TO THE GOVERNMENT SOUTH VIETNAMESE  .
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists.
Tet a was huge military and political disaster for the Communists .
Tet was a huge military and disaster political the Communists for .
They were chased back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit.
They chased were into back Laos and Cambodia with the in ARVN pursuit hot .
They chased were back into and Laos Cambodia with the hot ARVN in pursuit .
The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it.
The people their to rejected attempt the topple government , for and all intents and purposes the US military ( and ARVN the ) Johnson handed the victory had he ordered them to achieve within the - time frame he ordered . it
People the rejected attempt their to topple the government for , and all intents and purposes the US military ( and the ARVN ) handed Johnson the victory he ordered had them achieve to within time the - frame ordered he it .
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces.
All had he do to for victory a complete was allow the military go to into and Cambodia Laos finish and off the shattered Communist forces .
He all had to do a for complete victory was the military allow to into go Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered forces Communist .
But Johnson was so obtuse he didnt understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter.
Johnson but was so obtuse he didn  t understand he had a when victory was it handed him to a platter on silver .
But Johnson was so he obtuse didn  t understand he a had when victory it was handed on to him a silver platter .
Instead he pulled the military off, stopped the bombing of North Vietnam, withdrew from the presidential race, and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam.
He instead pulled the off military , stopped the of bombing Vietnam North , withdrew from the presidential , race and spent the rest of term his in trying office surrender to to North Vietnam .
Instead pulled he military the off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the , presidential and race the spent rest of his in term trying office to surrender to North Vietnam .
They screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered it.
They screwed up by not accepting his when surrender he offered it .
Up they screwed by not accepting his surrender when he offered . it
The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding).
The American people NOT were any having it of , and Richard elected Nixon to the mess fix had LBJ ( not made to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding ) .
The American people were having NOT any of , it elected Richard and Nixon to fix the mess had LBJ ( made not to like surrender the movement was antiwar demanding ) .
In the end Nixon kept his promise for peace with honor.
In the end Nixon his promise kept for  peace  with honor .  
The in end Nixon kept his promise for  peace with honor   . 
But thats another question.
But that s  question another .
But  that another s question .
To emancipate the south, but it was a serious failure.
To emancipate the south it , but was serious a failure .
Emancipate to the south , but it serious was a failure .
To make the war unpalatable to the American public.
Make to war the to unpalatable the American public .
Make to the war to unpalatable the public American .
In that, they pretty much succeeded.
In that , pretty they succeeded much .
That in , they pretty succeeded much .
Before Tet, the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of Americans in that the loss of American lives was seen as the cost of subduing the VC and NVA.
Tet before , the was war unpopular tolerable but the to majority of Americans in the that of loss American lives was seen as cost the subduing of VC the and NVA .
Before Tet , the war was unpopular tolerable but the to majority of Americans in the that American of loss lives was seen the cost as of subduing the VC NVA and .
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight.
Tet it made that clear the war a was long way from being over if the Americans they thought could preserve South the and the that was perfectly North willing to great suffer to losses continue their fight .
Tet made it clear that the war a was long way from being over if the Americans thought could the they South that preserve and North the was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap.
There is very good a book on the subject that was written by Vo Nguyen General . Giap
There a is very good book the on that was subject by written General Vo Nguyen Giap .
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it.
Google try to the title find if you would to like read it .
Try google find to the title if would you like to read it .
Bearded dragon question...?
Question bearded dragon . . . ?
Bearded dragon question . . . ?
I just bought a baby one yesterday.
I bought just a one baby yesterday .
I just bought a yesterday baby one .
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of him.
I have a basking spot lamp that says it a is double reflector 35 that focuses % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA important rays to the psycholical well of - being him .
Have I a basking lamp spot it that says is double a reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA important rays to the psycholical well - of him being .
My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs?
Does my question is that mean it gives him not only heat the , but the sun rays " " he needs ?
Question my does that is mean it gives him not the heat only , but the " rays sun " he needs ?
I also was wondering how long should this light be on.
I also wondering was long how should this light on be .
I also was wondering long how should this on light be .
The lady at pet smart said 4 hours, but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours.
The lady at pet said smart 4 but hours on , on places net the it says 10 to 12 hours .
The at lady smart pet said 4 , hours but on on places the net says it to 10 12 hours .
He's getting used to his new home, but hasn't eatin yet.
He ' s getting used new to home his , but hasn t ' yet eatin .
S he ' getting to used new his home , but hasn t ' eatin yet .
I have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze- dried crickets.
I have bearded dragon food juvenile and - freeze dried . crickets
I bearded have dragon food juvenile and freeze dried - crickets .
Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
Advice any be would greatly appreciated .
Advice any would be greatly . appreciated
Thank you for your time.
You thank for your time .
Thank for you your time .
Let me try to break this down as simply as I can: diurnal (active during the day time) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of "light," UVA, UVB, and heat.
Let me try to this down break simply as I as can : diurnal ( during active the day time ) reptiles like the bearded require dragon 3 types " of , light " UVA , UVB , and heat .
Let me try break to this down as simply can as I : diurnal ( active during day the time ) reptiles like dragon the bearded 3 require of types " , light " UVA UVB , , and heat .
Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA, including heat bulbs, that's the easy one to provide for.
Light any white emitting light will source UVA emit , including heat bulbs , that ' the s one easy provide to for .
White any light emitting light source will UVA emit , including heat bulbs , that s ' the easy one provide for to .
UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source.
On UVB the other hand only can be reproduced a by fluorescent . source
on UVB the other hand can only reproduced be by fluorescent a . source
UVB will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp, unless you use a MVB (mercury vapor bulb) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both UVB and heat from one bulb.
always UVB will be a separate bulb the from heat lamp , unless you use a MVB ( mercury bulb vapor ) which is the only reptile use that bulb will emit both UVB and heat one from bulb .
UVB will always be a bulb separate the from heat , lamp unless you use a MVB ( mercury vapor bulb ) the which is only reptile use bulb that will both emit UVB and from heat bulb one .
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled/compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and/or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time.
Highly I recommend that you do not use coiled / UVB compact as bulbs known they to are cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to they mention trouble have maintaining output UVB over . time
I recommend highly that you do not use / coiled UVB compact as bulbs they known are cause to severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not mention to they trouble have maintaining UVB output over time .
The long tube UVB bulbs are best, like Zoomed's Repsitun model: http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ Remember to replace UVB bulbs according to the manufacturers recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce UVB even if visible light still is.
The long tube bulbs UVB best are , like Zoomed ' s Repsitun model : http : / / lllreptile . com / store / catalog / reptile - supplies / uvb - fluorescent - lights mercury - - vapor bulbs - / - / zoo - med 24 - - repti - sun - 100 - fluorescent - bulb / Remember to replace UVB bulbs to according manufacturers the after recommendation which time bulb the will no longer produce UVB even if visible light is still .
The long tube UVB bulbs are best , like Zoomed ' s Repsitun : model : http / / lllreptile . com store / / catalog / reptile - supplies uvb / fluorescent - - lights - mercury - vapor - bulbs / - / zoo - med - 24 - repti sun - - 100 - fluorescent - bulb / Remember replace to UVB bulbs according to the recommendation manufacturers after which time the bulb will no longer produce UVB if even visible light is still .
So, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it produces UVA then you do not have "the sun's rays" that your bearded needs.
, answer so to your question , no , if you just have a bulb that says it produces UVA do then not have you " the sun ' s rays " that . your bearded needs
So , to answer your question , no , if you a just have bulb that it says produces UVA then you not do " have the sun s ' rays that " bearded your needs .
You need to also provide a source a UVB lighting.
You to also need provide a source UVB a lighting .
Need you to provide also a a source UVB lighting .
The person at Petsmart is very wrong; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you; they don't have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info.
The Petsmart person at is very ; wrong in it fact is always a good second idea to guess most what pet store tell employees you ; they don ' have t the best record track regarding giving reliable pet care info .
At the is person Petsmart very wrong ; in fact it is always a idea good to guess second what most pet store employees tell you ; don they ' t have best the track record regarding giving pet reliable care . info
UVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby, 95 F for an adult) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day.
And UVB basking temp ( should about be 110 F a for baby , F for 95 an adult ) should available be for 10 - hours 12 a day .
UVB and basking temp ( be should about 110 F for baby a , 95 F an for adult should be ) available 10 for - 12 a hours day .
Freeze dried food is not a good staple food source; you need to offer live feeder insects.
Freeze dried is food not good a staple food ; source need you to offer feeder live insects .
Freeze dried not food is a good staple food source you ; need to offer feeder live . insects
Bearded dragons are sight hunters, they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response, especially when they are babies.
Bearded dragons are sight , hunters need they to see the food move to trigger a feeding response , when especially they are babies .
Dragons are bearded sight , hunters they need see to the food move to feeding trigger a response , especially they when are babies .
Live food is also higher in nutritional value than freeze dried.
Is live food also higher in nutritional value than freeze . dried
Live food also is higher in nutritional than value freeze . dried
Crickets, silk worms, phoenix worms, and various feeder roaches, like red-lobster, turkistan, and dubia, are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded.
, crickets silk , worms phoenix worms , various feeder and roaches , like red - lobster , turkistan , and dubia , are example good of staple insects your offer to bearded .
Crickets silk , worms , phoenix worms , and various feeder roaches , like - lobster red turkistan , , dubia and , are good of staple example to insects offer your bearded .
Wax worms and meal worms should only be offered as treat items, for variety's sake.
Wax worms and meal worms offered should only be as items treat for , variety ' s sake .
Wax worms and meal worms should only be as treat offered items , for ' variety s sake .
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly:
I would recommend that you highly read through some bearded reliable guides to make sure you everything have set correctly up :
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded to guides sure make you everything have up set correctly :
http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
http : / herp / - . info webs . / com beardeddragon htm .
http : / herp / - . info webs com . / . beardeddragon htm
http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1
: http / www / beardeddragon . . / org articles / caresheet / ? = page 1
http : / / . www . beardeddragon org / / caresheet articles / page ? = 1
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in..atleast as far as i'm concerned.
depends mm it the on of size tank his or cage or you whatever have in him . . as atleast far as i ' m concerned .
it mm depends the on size of tank his or cage or whatever you have him . in . atleast as far i as ' concerned m .
if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day.
if there are areas shady he can move to ( example for a 3x5x4 tank with light on one ) side then you can it leave on full a 12 - hours 14 , if a its tank small and he can ' t escape the light 4 then - 6 at most at time a though quite possibly 4 - 6 hours at a time twice a day .
if there are areas shady can he move to ( for a example 3x5x4 tank with light on one side ) then you can leave it on a full 12 - 14 hours , if its a small tank and he can ' t escape the then light 4 - at 6 at most a time though quite 4 possibly - hours 6 a at time twice day a .
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven.
way either you need also to an keep eye on the you temperature are if using a dry fish tank as lights UV in experience my up the temperature significantly and without ventilation proper it become can an oven .
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if are you a using dry tank fish as in UV lights my the experience temperature up significantly and without proper can ventilation it become an oven .
as to what the light provides it gives UV rays..which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans.
as to what the provides light it gives UV rays . . is health which important for in lizards it is as in humans .
as to the what light provides UV it gives . rays . which is important for in health lizards as it is in humans .
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates... sheesh.
That at PetSmart lady a is to disgrace the rest of us associates PetSmart . . . sheesh .
That lady at PetSmart disgrace a is to the of rest us PetSmart associates . . . . sheesh
Yes, it gives him the "sun rays" necessary, that's what UVA is.
Yes , gives it him the rays " sun " necessary , that s ' what is UVA .
Yes , it him the gives " rays sun " necessary that , ' s what is UVA .
And it should be on 10-12 hours, just like the sun would be up for 10-12 hours in his natural environment.
It should and be on 10 - 12 hours , just like sun would the be for up 10 - 12 hours in natural his environment .
And it on should be 10 - 12 hours , just like sun the would up be for 10 - 12 hours in his natural environment .
As for the heat, just be sure to use a thermometer.
For heat as the , just be sure to use a thermometer .
As for heat the , just sure to be use a thermometer .
Also, Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving, so its anyone's guess whether or not he'll touch the freeze-dried crickets or the processed food.
, also Beardies often do not food eat that not is , moving so its anyone ' guess s whether or he not ' ll touch the - freeze dried crickets or processed the food .
, also Beardies often not do eat food is that not , moving so its anyone ' s guess or whether not he ' ll touch the freeze - dried crickets the or processed food .
I tell all my customers they can try it, but don't count on it.
I tell all customers my they can it try but , don ' on t count it .
I tell all my customers can they , try it but don ' t count on it .
Also try green leafy veggies, like kale and spinach.
Also try leafy green , veggies like and kale spinach .
Try also leafy veggies green , like kale and spinach .
Best of luck!
Best luck of !
Best luck of !
Is a finch or a parakeet better?
A is finch or a parakeet ? better
Is a finch or better a parakeet ?
I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like, and i was wondering : which would not bite alot, and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly dont care but my family does !
I am making christmas a list for my parents and i was going ask to for a bird and are these the affordable ones like that i , and i was wondering : which would bite not alot , and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED KNOW TO WOULD WHICH BE QUIETEST i honestly dont care but my family does !
I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the ones that affordable i like , and i wondering was : would which not bite alot , and which are fun more to have as pets AND I NEED KNOW TO WHICH BE WOULD QUIETEST i honestly dont care my but family does !
Please help me!
Please help ! me
Please me help !
oh and please say y one is better thx!!!!!!
and oh please y say better one is thx ! ! ! ! ! !
oh and say y please is one thx better ! ! ! ! ! !
Hi there,
There hi ,
There hi ,
Please choose the parakeet...
Choose please parakeet the . . .
Please the choose . parakeet . .
Heres my reason.....
My heres . reason . . . .
Reason heres my . . . . .
I did the same thing that you did for christmas.
Did I the same thing that you did for christmas .
Did I the thing same that did you for christmas .
I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas.
I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches christmas for .
I ended getting up pair a of zebra for finches christmas .
At first it was all cool and all.
First at it was all and cool all .
At it first all was cool and all .
They were chirping and doing their every day business.
Were chirping they and doing every their day business .
Were chirping they and their doing every day business .
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them.
After a couple I of weeks tired got of them .
After a couple weeks I of tired got of them .
They are quite messy and you cannot hold or pet them.
They are messy quite and you or cannot hold pet them .
Are quite they messy and you cannot hold or them pet .
Ive tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed.
Tried ive to tame them and they just would get tamed not .
Ive tried tame to them and they just would not get tamed .
They dont want to be held or touched.
They want dont to be held or . touched
They dont be want to held or touched .
I want a bird that I can hold and do tricks.
I a want bird that hold I can and do tricks .
I want bird a that can I and hold do tricks .
I still have them and they are doing well.
I have them still and are they doing well .
I still have them and are doing well they .
A couple of months after I got parakeets/budgies.
Couple a of after months I got parakeets / . budgies
Couple a after of months I got parakeets / budgies .
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality.
They are beautiful adorable they have colors and personality .
Adorable they are they beautiful have colors and personality .
I love them.
Love I them .
Love I them .
First of all they are very tame.
First of all are they tame very .
Of first all they very are tame .
I tamed them in 4 days.
Tamed I them in 4 . days
I them tamed in days 4 .
They can do tricks and they arent messy.
They can tricks do and arent they messy .
They can tricks do and they messy arent .
The whole family loves them.
The whole loves family them .
The whole family them loves .
My parents even plays with them.
Parents my even with plays them .
My parents even plays with them .
They are a big part of our family.
Are they a big of part our family .
They are big a part of our . family
I hope this helps you with your decision.
I hope helps this with you your decision .
Hope I this you helps with your decision .
They are both about the same noise level.
Are they both about the noise same level .
Are they both about the same level noise .
When choosing a parakeet look for a young one.
When choosing a look parakeet for a young one .
When a choosing for parakeet look a young one .
(the younger the eaiser to tame) Look for clean smooth feathers, beak, and clean vent feathers (the feathers around the butt..dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy) Look for a dark eye with no circles (the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes).
( the younger the eaiser to tame ) for Look clean smooth feathers , , beak clean and vent feathers ( the around feathers butt the . . vent dirty means feathers the bird is healthy not ) Look for a dark eye with no circles ( the older ones have circle a ring in eyes their ) .
( younger the the eaiser to tame ) for Look clean smooth feathers , beak , clean and vent ( feathers the feathers around the . butt . dirty vent feathers means the bird is healthy not ) for Look a dark eye with circles no ( the ones older have a ring circle in their eyes ) .
Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird.
Look for a lot of in stripes that their head from starts the and beak goes back to the back fo bird . the
Look lot for a of stripes in their starts head that from the beak and to goes the back back fo the bird .
the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older.
the are hair stripes like the less stipes the older .
the stripes are hair like the less stipes the older .
(think of a balding man lol) Look for clean feathers.
( of think balding a lol man ) Look for clean feathers .
( think of a man lol balding ) Look for feathers clean .
If you want a boy the cere (the nostrils piece above the beak) must be blue.
If you want a boy cere the ( the piece nostrils above the be beak ) must blue .
If you want a boy the cere ( piece the nostrils above the beak ) be must blue .
The girl has either pink or brown.
The girl either has pink or . brown
The has girl pink either or brown .
I would recommend that you get two parakeets.
I would that recommend you two get parakeets .
Recommend I would that you get two parakeets .
But get either one male and one female, or two males.
But get either one one male and female , or males two .
But get either one and male one , female two or males .
Do not get two females.
Do not two get females .
Not do get two females .
They sometimes dont get along (you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though, two girls tend to fight a lot.
They dont get sometimes ( along know you how some girls lol are hahahaahh but for real though , girls two tend to lot fight a .
Sometimes they dont get ( along know you how some girls lol are hahahaahh but for real though two , girls tend to fight lot a .
I have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy.
I have yellow one girl green and a and yellow boy .
Have I yellow one girl a and green and yellow boy .
They are the best!
They are the ! best
They are best the !
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them.
If you to choose get a parakeet is this trick a that used to I tame them .
You if choose get to parakeet a this a is trick I that used to tame them .
However if you plan on getting one, then get more than one at the same time they need company.
If however you plan on getting one , then more get at than one the same time they need company .
If however you plan on , getting one then get one more at than the same time they need company .
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results.
My me mom told how tame to them and I was very happy with the results .
My mom told me to how tame and them I was very with results happy the .
It took me 4 days to get the new one to be able to step on and eat out of my hand.
Took it me 4 to days get the new one to be able to and step on eat out hand of my .
Took 4 it me days get to the new one to be able to step on eat and out of my . hand
These are the steps I used.
These are the steps I used .
These are steps the used I .
Honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets.
Honestly have they worked for me with twice parakeets my .
Honestly have they worked me for twice with my . parakeets
Hopefully they will work for you.
They hopefully work will for you .
Hopefully will they for work you .
1) When you get the bird, place him or her or them in the cage.
When 1 ) you get the bird place , him or or her them in cage the .
) 1 When get you bird the , place him or her or in them cage the .
Leave them in there with food and water and such for about 2 hours.
Leave them in there with food and such water and for about 2 hours .
Them leave in there with food water and for and such about 2 hours .
2) Then place you hand in the cage.
2 ) place Then you hand in the cage .
2 ) Then place you in the cage hand .
I took the cage and place it next to the couch.
I took the and cage place next it to the . couch
I took the place cage and next it to the couch .
Then I sat on the couch, placed one hand in the cage, holding a millet spray.
I then sat on the couch , one hand placed in the cage holding , millet a spray .
I then on sat , the couch placed one hand in the cage , holding millet a spray .
(this way the will associate your hand with food, and birds love food lol) Then I turned on the tv and watch.
( this way the will your hand associate with food , and birds food lol love ) I turned Then on the tv watch and .
( the this way associate will your hand with food , birds and love lol food ) I Then turned on the and tv watch .
This way they will see that your hand is good and its not going to grab them or hurt them.
This way they will see that your hand is and good its not to going grab hurt them or them .
This way they see will that hand your is good and not its to going grab or them them hurt .
Do this for about one hour.
Do for this about hour one .
This do for about one . hour
(you can take breaks if you have too) and repeat the steps after about 2 hours.
( you can breaks if you take too have ) and repeat the steps after about 2 . hours
( can you take breaks if you have ) too and the repeat steps after 2 about . hours
3) After about day 2, they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand.
3 ) about After day , 2 will they start to millet eating the spray from your hand .
3 ) After about day 2 they , start to will eating the millet spray from your hand .
(do not take away the food dish from the birds, they will associate you as the person who takes away their food)....
( do take not away the food dish from the birds they , you will associate as the takes person who away their food ) . . . .
( not do take away the food the from birds dish , will they associate as you the person who away takes their food ) . . . .
Then take your finger and place it under their belly, in front of their feet and say up.
Then your take and finger it place under their belly , in front their of say feet and up .
Then take finger your and it place under their belly , of in front their feet up and say .
Push you finger to their feet gently and say up.
You push finger to their and feet gently say up .
Push finger you to their gently feet say and up .
( the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you dont jump back or screem they will get used to you) They will have no choice but to go on your finger.
( first the couple times of they will fly over all cage the as but long as dont you jump back or screem they get will used to you ) They will have choice no to but on go your finger .
The ( first couple of times will they fly all over the cage but long as as dont you jump back or screem they used will get to you ) will They have choice no but to go on your finger .
When they see that you arnt harming them, the will go up on your finger when you say up.
They when see arnt that you harming them the , will go up on finger your when say you up .
See when they you that arnt harming them , will the up go on finger your when you say up .
4) If they are not going up by now you just gotta keep trying and keep trying.
4 ) they If are not going up by you now just gotta keep trying keep trying . and
) 4 If they are going not up by now you just gotta trying keep and keep trying .
Do not hit, yell, or harm them.
Do not , hit , yell harm or them .
Do hit not , or yell , harm them .
You have patience.
Have you patience .
You have . patience
Dont give up!
Dont up give !
Dont up give !
After a couple of weeks mines knows when I say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder, when I say up it means to jump up on my finger, when I say up and out it means up on my finger and out of the cage.
After a couple of weeks mines knows when say I it shoulder ot means go on my sholder when , I say it up to means jump up on my finger , when say I up and out it means up on finger my and of the out cage .
A after couple of weeks mines knows when I it say shoulder means ot go my on sholder , I when say up means it to up jump on my finger , when I up say and out it means up on my finger and out of the cage .
and when I say go home it means to go in the cage.
and I when say go home means it to go in the cage .
and when I say go home it go means in to cage the .
Good luck!
Good ! luck
Luck good !
They worked for me and I hope they worked for you!
Worked they for and me I they hope worked for you !
Worked they for and me I they hope worked for you !
They are awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Are ! they awesome ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
They awesome are ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
And thats my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch.
And thats my reason why should you a choose parakeet over a finch .
And thats my why should reason you choose a parakeet a over finch .
a parakeet is friendlier
a is parakeet friendlier
parakeet a is friendlier
Parakeet.
. parakeet
. parakeet
They are normally quiet and it is easy to take care of them.
Are they normally quiet it and easy is take to care of them .
Normally they are quiet it and is easy to care take of them .
They are also friendly.
Are they also friendly .
Are they also friendly .
I have a parakeet named Cookie . :P
I have a parakeet Cookie named . P :
I have named a parakeet Cookie . : P
When is the best time to travel to Ireland?
Is when the best time to travel to Ireland ?
Is when the best to time to travel Ireland ?
My sister and I would like to go to Ireland.
Sister my and I would like go to Ireland to .
My I sister and like would to go to Ireland .
I graduate in the spring, and so we'd like to go between then and winter.
Graduate I spring in the , and so we ' like d go to between then and winter .
Graduate I in the , spring and so we ' d like between to go then winter and .
We don't want too many tourists, and since we'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November.
We don t ' want too many tourists , and since we ' ll both out be of school can we anytime the go between middle June to of November early .
We don ' t too want many tourists , and ' since we ll both be out of we school can anytime go the between of June middle early to November .
We don't want it to be too cold (not sure when exactly there fall is... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months), but we don't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either.
Don we ' t want it to be too ( cold sure not when exactly there fall is . . or . what the is weather really like there during our autumn ) months , but we don ' t feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either .
We don ' t it want to be too cold ( sure not when there exactly fall is . . . or weather what the really is like there during autumn our months ) , but we don ' t feel like need we to go in right the middle of either summer .
We're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier!
We ' re both in our early 20s and just to beautiful wanting explore the country we while ' still re and young before our lives start to even get ! crazier
We re ' both in 20s our early and just wanting explore the to beautiful country while we ' re young still and before our lives start to get crazier even !
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be?
Can anyone give me an idea of when best time the us to for go Ireland to would ? be
Can anyone give me an idea when of time the best for to us go to be Ireland would ?
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather, it is unpredictable.
People do not Ireland go on to for holiday the weather , it is unpredictable .
People do not go to Ireland on for holiday weather the , is it . unpredictable
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of.
Thing one you can be of about sure Irish is weather how little you be can sure of .
One thing you be can sure of about Irish is how weather little can you be sure . of
It may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in February, but winter woollies in March and even during the summer.
May it be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in February , in but woollies winter March and even the during summer .
It may shirtsleeves be sunglasses and February in but , winter woollies in March and even during the summer .
And then theres the rain.
And then  there the s rain .
And there then  the s rain .
Ireland receives a lot of rain, with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year.
Receives ireland a lot of rain , with certain getting a areas as soaking many days as 270 of the year .
Receives ireland lot of a rain , with certain areas getting a as soaking many as 270 the days of year .
County Kerry is the worst affected.
County Kerry the is affected worst .
County is Kerry worst the affected .
The southeast is the driest, enjoying a more continental climate.
Southeast the the is driest enjoying , a more continental climate .
The southeast the is driest , enjoying a continental climate more .
The Irish weather works on the four seasons in a day principle, which basically means that you cant predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky.
The irish weather works on the  four seasons a day in principle  , which  basic means ally that you can  t predict thing a when comes it to the behaviour of sky the .
The Irish works weather on the  seasons four in a day  principle , which basic  ally that means you can t  a predict thing when comes it the to of behaviour the sky .
Some basic assumptions, however, can be made.
Basic some assumptions , however , can be made .
Some basic , assumptions however , can be made .
In summer, from May to July, the days are reasonably warm and  most importantly  very long: at the height of summer you wont need to turn on lights until after 10pm.
Summer in from , to May July , the days reasonably are warm and most  importantly very  long at : the height of summer you won  t need to turn on lights after until 10pm .
In summer , from to July May , the days are reasonably warm and  most importantly  very long : the of at summer height you  won t need turn to on lights until after 10pm .
It is also peak tourist season, which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island, and prices are at their highest.
Is it also peak season tourist , which means there far are just more people about everywhere but the most remote of corners the island , and prices are their at highest .
Is it also tourist peak season , means which there are more far just about people everywhere the but most remote of corners the island , and prices are their at highest .
Not surprisingly, most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather.
Not surprisingly , most of yearly the festivals during these occur times so as to take of the advantage crowds and more the favourable . weather
, not surprisingly most of the yearly festivals during occur these times so as take to advantage of the and crowds the favourable more . weather
Spring (February to April) and Autumn (August to October) make good alternatives, although the countrys ever-growing popularity as a tourist destination can often blur the lines between mid- and high-season tourism.
( spring February to ) April Autumn and ( August to October ) make good , alternatives the country  although ever s - growing as popularity a destination tourist can often blur the lines between mid - and high - season tourism .
( spring February to ) April Autumn and ( to August October ) make good , alternatives although country the  s - ever growing popularity as tourist a destination can blur often the lines mid between - and high - season tourism .
Still, you have a better chance of some peace and quiet, and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July  again, its all part of the uncertainty principle.
Still , you have better a chance some peace of and quiet , weather and the can be better surprisingly in April and September in than mid - July  again , it  all s part the of principle uncertainty .
Still , you have better a chance of peace and some quiet , and the weather can better be surprisingly in April September and in than mid - July  again , it  s all part of uncertainty the principle .
Spring festivities include the ever-popular St Patricks Festival.
Spring festivities the include ever - popular St  Patrick Festival s .
Spring festivities include ever the - Patrick popular St  s Festival .
Although temperatures do not often venture below freezing, winter (December to February) can be brutal, for huge parts of the country  the west and northwest in particular.
Although temperatures do not often venture below freezing , ( winter December to February ) brutal can be for , parts of huge the  country the west northwest and particular in .
Temperatures although do not venture often below freezing winter , December ( to February can ) be brutal , for parts huge of the country  the west northwest and in particular .
Crowds are at their thinnest, but many of the countrys tourist attractions and services close down in October and dont reopen until Easter, which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how Ireland is experienced by most of the Irish: its cold, grey and dark by 5pm, but theres always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down.
Crowds are at their thinnest , but many of the country  s tourist attractions and services close down in October and don  t reopen until Easter , which paradoxically leaves with visitors a more convincing of taste how Ireland is experienced by most of Irish the : it  s cold , and dark grey by 5pm but ,  there s always pub a to into escape when the rain sheeting starts down .
Crowds are at their thinnest , but many of the country  s tourist attractions and services close in down and October don  t reopen until , Easter paradoxically which visitors leaves with a more taste convincing of Ireland how is experienced most by of the Irish : it  s cold , grey and dark by 5pm , but there  s always a pub escape to into when the rain starts down sheeting .
The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you, clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up.
To the thing do is to bring the clothing with right you , clothes so you can layer up if is it cold take and off when layers up it warms .
The thing to do is to the bring right clothing with you , so clothes you can up layer if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up .
Waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella..
Waterproof clothing are footwear and essential plus an umbrella . .
Waterproof clothing footwear and are plus an essential umbrella . .
As that famous Scotsman Billy Connolly says "there is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes"
As famous that Scotsman Billy Connolly " says there is no such thing as weather just bad wrong the " clothes
As that famous Scotsman Billy says " Connolly there no is such as thing bad weather the just clothes wrong "
Afraid I cannot be more helpful, it is really a case of pot luck, although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa.
I cannot afraid more be , helpful it is a really case of pot luck although , as the weather is changeable so often cold a morning wet will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or versa visa .
I afraid cannot be more helpful , it is really a case of pot luck , as although weather the is so often changeable a morning cold wet will turn a into lovely warm sunny and evening afternoon visa or versa .
If you mean the Republic of Ireland (Dublin) then anytime.
If you mean Republic the of ( Ireland Dublin ) anytime then .
You if mean of the Republic Ireland ( Dublin ) then anytime .
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US (are you coming from the US?).
The summer there is much more than mild most of the US ( you are coming from the US ? ) .
There the summer is much more mild than most of the US ( are from you the coming ? US ) .
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall.
Their seasons are the same as all the the countries Northern in Hemisphere but would I fall suggest .
Seasons their the as are same all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere I but would suggest fall .
It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best bet.
Does it pretty get cold in Ireland so going before winter your is bet best .
Does it get pretty cold Ireland in going so before winter your is best bet .
September for example.
For september example .
September for . example
Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime.
Rent car a and spend a couple days outside Dublin of seeing the countryside and will you have the trip of a lifetime .
Rent a and spend car couple days a outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of lifetime a .
To explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a car because public transport is expensive & only goes as far as the main towns/cities, most rural places don't have a bus or train service.
Explore the to beautiful countryside you will need be to old enough hire to a public car because transport is expensive & only goes as far as main the towns / cities , most rural places don ' t have a bus or service train .
To explore the beautiful countryside you will to need be enough old to hire a because car public transport is expensive & only goes far as as the main towns / cities rural , most places don ' t have bus a train or service .
You could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists.
You could in stay a city & get a bus tour to the say Cliffs Moher of Dingle or peninsula but you with will be all the tourists other .
Could you stay in a & city get bus a tour say the to Cliffs of or Moher Dingle peninsula but will you be with all tourists the other .
By definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way.
By most definition tourists will go the best to places so might you have to put up with few a tourists along the way .
By definition most will tourists go the to places best you so might have to put up with a tourists few along the way .
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets/boots etc.
Weather best the couple of past has years been around late April - late May but it can with pour rain days on for end at any of time the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets / etc . boots
Weather best the past of couple years has been around late April - but late May can pour it with rain days for on end at time any the of year be so prepared with waterproof jackets / boots etc .
We only had a few sunny days this summer, barely 24C on a few occasions, more like 14C most days.
We only had few a days sunny this , summer barely on 24C a few occasions , more 14C like days most .
We only a had few sunny days this summer on , barely 24C a few occasions , like more 14C days most .
We used our BBQ on precisely 4 occasions.
We used BBQ on our precisely 4 occasions .
Our we used BBQ on precisely 4 occasions .
Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender.
Autumn is mid from August as onwards far as weather the goes officially if not according to calender the .
Is autumn from August mid onwards far as as the goes if weather not officially according the to calender .
The days start to shorten & it gets even wetter, windier & colder.
Days the to start shorten & it even gets wetter , & windier colder .
The days start to it shorten & even gets wetter , windier colder & .
We had frosts in October so I wouldn't advise visiting late in the year to be honest, Spring time is your best bet.
Had we in frosts October I so wouldn ' t advise visiting late in year the to be honest , Spring time is your . best bet
We frosts had in so October I wouldn ' advise t visiting late the in year to be , honest Spring time best is bet your .
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland?
Do you realise is quite it expensive to visit Ireland ?
You realise do it quite is expensive to Ireland visit ?
You are going to need a few thousand dollars saved up for flights, insurance, food, accommodation & spending money.
You are going to need a thousand dollars saved few for flights up , insurance food , , accommodation & spending money .
You are going to need few a thousand dollars saved up for flights , , insurance , food accommodation spending & money .
Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to America I believe.
Eating particular out in is quite expensive compared to America believe I .
Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared America to I believe .
Golden Wonder KilliFish Breeding Help?
Golden Wonder Breeding KilliFish Help ?
Golden Wonder KilliFish Breeding ? Help
I have 4 Golden Wonder Killifish.
4 I have Golden Wonder Killifish .
I have 4 Golden Wonder Killifish .
1 of them is really colorful and is about 6cm long.
1 them of is really colorful is and about 6cm . long
1 of is them really colorful and is about 6cm long .
2 of them are kinda whitish and are about 4-5cm long.
2 of them are kinda whitish are and about 4 - long 5cm .
Of 2 them kinda are whitish and are about 4 - 5cm long .
The last one is colourful too but it is about 4cm long.
The last is one colourful too but it about is long 4cm .
The last one is too colourful but is it 4cm about long .
I feed them Flakes, and Live Earthworms uncut everyday.
Feed I them Flakes , and Earthworms Live everyday uncut .
I feed them Flakes Live , and uncut Earthworms everyday .
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies?
Can you me tell whole the process of them breeding and taking of care babies the ?
Can you me tell whole process the breeding of them and taking care of the ? babies
Thanks in Advance.
In thanks Advance .
In thanks Advance .
Wow!
! wow
! wow
If they are able to take earthworms uncut, that is really impressive!
Are if they able to take earthworms , uncut that really is impressive !
They if are able take to , earthworms uncut that is really impressive !
I aspire to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the day.
Aspire I to your feeding regime , flakes early and something live later day in the .
I to aspire feeding regime your , flakes early and something live later in the day .
Worms (and Daphnia) are also rich in Lipids, substances important in forming eggs and growing young.
( worms and Daphnia ) are also rich in Lipids , substances important forming in and eggs young growing .
Worms ( and ) Daphnia also are rich Lipids in , substances in important eggs forming and young growing .
I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males.
Think I that you understand that largest your smallest and wonders golden are males .
That I think understand that you your largest and smallest golden wonders are males .
If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below.
If you would more on like out sexing Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in first the source below .
If you like would more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take discussion a look at the in first the source below .
If you have plants in your tank.
Have if you plants in your tank .
You have if plants in your tank .
your lineatus are already spawning.
your lineatus are spawning already .
your lineatus are already . spawning
If conditions are favorable (78-82 F) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are, they will spawn.
Conditions if are favorable ( 78 - 82 F ) the and fish are fed obviously well yours as are , will spawn they .
Conditions if ( are favorable 78 - 82 F ) fish and the are obviously well fed as yours are , they will spawn .
(I've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer!
( I ' even ve had a pair killies leave of eggs on a floating thermometer !
( I ve even ' had a pair of killies leave floating eggs on a thermometer !
If you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop.
Wish if you to pick eggs make a acrylic mop spawning .
If wish you to pick eggs a make spawning acrylic mop .
Checkout the second source.
Checkout the source second .
Checkout the second . source
I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs ,more easily and the fish look better next to them.
I prefer because darker colors I can their see , eggs easily more and the fish look better to next them .
I prefer darker colors can because I eggs see their , easily more the and fish look better next to them .
Use a well rinsed medicine vial, a cork, new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float them.
Use a well rinsed medicine vial , a cork , fishing bobber new or even a piece of non - crumbly styrofoam float to them .
Well use a rinsed medicine vial , a cork , fishing bobber new or even piece a non of - styrofoam crumbly to float them .
There are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there.
There are couple a ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning water & incubating for them two , weeks picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of , treated seasoned water or setting up the parents a planted in tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out . there
There are couple a one could ways spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating for them weeks two , picking eggs from a mop & putting in a them tray of treated , seasoned water or up the setting parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch there out .
If you have the room to separate the male(s) & females(s),& feed them well on live foods, (assuming that you are doing weekly 50% water changes) when you put them together they will leave a lot more eggs.
You if have the room to separate the male ( s ) & females ( s ) , & feed them on well live , foods assuming ( that you are weekly doing 50 % water changes ) when put you together them they will a leave lot eggs . more
You if have the to room separate male the ( s ) females & ( s ) , & feed them live well on foods , ( assuming you that are doing weekly 50 % water changes ) you when put them together will they leave a lot eggs more .
Just making up examples, but if a pair is constantly together, they may lay 10-15 eggs a day.
Just making up but examples , if pair a is constantly together , may they lay 10 15 - eggs day a .
Making just examples up but , if a pair is constantly together , they may lay 10 - 15 a eggs day .
With extra blackworms and maybe frozen (defrosted, rinsed) frozen foods earlier in the day, they may leave 30-40 eggs at a time.
With extra blackworms maybe frozen and ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen earlier foods in day the , they may leave 30 40 - a at eggs time .
With blackworms extra maybe and frozen defrosted ( , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier day in the , they leave may 30 40 - at eggs a time .
Separated and feed extremely nourishing stuff, they may produce more.
And separated feed extremely stuff nourishing , they produce may more .
Separated and extremely feed nourishing stuff , may they more produce .
Separating a pair some time before a show (killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs) will encourage them to court and show their best colors.
A separating pair before some time a ( show killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs will ) encourage to them court and show best their colors .
Separating some a pair before time show a ( usually killies are shown & judged often & sold as pairs ) will encourage to them court show and their best colors .
They also start the day with no nicks or dings in their fins.
They also start day the no with nicks or dings in their fins .
Also they start day the no with nicks or in dings their fins .
The water changes help with that too.
Water the changes help with too that .
Water the changes help with too that .
You also may need to treat the incubation water.
You may also need to the incubation treat water .
Also you may need to treat incubation the . water
The chlorine and ammonia (choramine) are not good for the eggs.
The and chlorine ammonia ( choramine are ) good not for the . eggs
The ammonia chlorine and ( choramine ) not are good for eggs the .
Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
Ironically sometimes it is to wise leave the picked newly eggs in tap fresh water some chlorination with to microscopic kill critters that ride in the with . eggs
Ironically it sometimes is wise to leave the newly picked in eggs tap fresh with water some chlorination to kill critters microscopic that ride with in the eggs .
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe".
put the THEN in eggs water treated a couple days before of a with water treatment and left open " to breathe " .
THEN put the eggs in water a of treated couple days before with a treatment water and open left to " breathe " .
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone.
A jar leaving with a dozen black worms it in sate will the adult ' s desire for and snacks they are more likely to leave or fry alone eggs .
A leaving jar with dozen a black worms in will it sate the adult s ' desire for and they snacks more are likely leave fry to or eggs alone .
If a pair isn't leaving eggs... check the following:
Pair if a isn ' t leaving eggs . . . the following check :
A if isn pair ' t eggs leaving . . . the check following :
1. Is a tank mate (such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails) rating the eggs?
. 1 a Is tank mate ( as such another female or killie a or Cory large ) snails rating the eggs ?
. 1 Is a tank mate ( such another as killie female a or Cory or snails large ) rating the ? eggs
2. Have we kept up with partial water changes?
. 2 Have we kept up partial with water ? changes
2 . Have kept we with up partial changes water ?
3. Is there too much mineral in the water?
Is 3 . there too much mineral the in water ?
3 Is . there too mineral in much the water ?
Aplo. lineatus are wide-spread over southern India.
Aplo . lineatus are - wide southern spread over India .
Aplo . lineatus wide are - spread India over southern .
That indicates that they thrive in different water chemistries.
That indicates thrive that they different in water chemistries .
Indicates that that they thrive in different water chemistries .
Still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or TDS (total Dissolved Solids) test, that may give you a hint.
You still if get can pet your shop do to a hardness or TDS ( Dissolved total ) Solids test , that give may you a hint .
Still if you get can your pet shop to do a hardness TDS or total ( Dissolved Solids test ) , that may you give hint a .
Winging it a little here, a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 PPM (parts per million) or 5.8 to 10.6 DH should be fine for gardneri.
Winging it a here little , hardness 100 a of nearly to 200 PPM parts ( million per or ) 5 . to 8 10 . DH 6 should be fine for gardneri .
It winging a little here , a hardness of 100 to nearly PPM 200 ( parts per ) million 5 or . 8 to . 10 6 DH be fine for should gardneri .
TDS meters (the thrifty aquarist's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department's annual reports.
TDS meters ( thrifty aquarist the s ' hardness meter can be used one if has seen your one municipal of water department ' annual s reports .
TDS ( meters thrifty aquarist the ' s hardness meter can be used one if has seen one of municipal your department water s ' annual . reports
They include a number of minerals there and you can figure out what percentage of that would be your hardness minerals (calcium, magnesium and iron).
Include they a of number minerals and there can you out figure what of percentage would that be your hardness minerals ( calcium magnesium , and iron ) .
A they include number minerals there and of can figure you out what percentage of that would be your hardness minerals ( calcium , magnesium iron and ) .
A number of minerals are not of much consequence.
A number of are not minerals much of consequence .
A of number minerals not are much of consequence .
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride (common salt) that can break down the chorion (shell) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo.)
If however is there a level high chloride of sodium ( common salt ) that break can down the chorion ( ) shell around the and egg allow critters to get in and the eat yoke embryo and . )
However if there is a high of level sodium common chloride ( salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around egg the and allow critters get to in and eat yoke embryo the and . )
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
Sometimes ironically is it wise to newly picked in eggs fresh tap with water some chlorination kill to microscopic critters ride that in with the eggs .
Sometimes ironically it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination kill to microscopic that ride critters in the eggs with .
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe".
THEN put the eggs in treated water a couple of days a before with treatment and water left open to " breathe " .
THEN put the in eggs treated water a couple days of with before water treatment a and open left to " breathe " .
If you get eggs in the mail in a medicine vial, that is fine.
You get if eggs in mail the in a medicine vial that , is fine .
If you get eggs the in in mail a medicine vial , that is fine .
But get the eggs out, maybe rinsed in fresh tap water and then into the incubation water.
But get the out eggs , maybe in rinsed fresh water tap and then into the incubation water .
But get the out eggs , maybe rinsed fresh in water tap and then the into water incubation .
In time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container.
In the time eggs can suffocate the in container shipping .
In the time eggs in can suffocate the shipping container .
After a number of people began complaining about "mystery deaths"among incubating eggs, some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7-8 days of incubation, one should do a 100% water change - as the eggs develop, they do release waste material.
After number a of began people about complaining " mystery deaths " among incubating eggs , of some the more advanced began killie people that suggesting after 7 - 8 days of , incubation one should do 100 a % change water - as the eggs develop , they do release waste material .
After a number of people began complaining about " deaths mystery " incubating eggs among , of some the more advanced killie people began that suggesting 7 after - 8 of days incubation , should do one a 100 % water - change as the eggs develop , they do release waste material .
Another problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the eggs.
Another is problem sometimes that bad will eggs fungus and the fungus will spread out kill and eggs all the .
Another problem is sometimes bad that eggs will fungus fungus and the will spread out kill and all eggs the .
Some people put in a very dilute Acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus, so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper.
Put some in people a very dilute Acriflaven solution slow to down the fungus , so one can white take eggs with out a pipette or eyedropper .
Some people put a in Acriflaven very dilute solution to slow down the fungus so , can one white take out eggs a with pipette or eyedropper .
Other will add a drop of Methylene blue.
Other will a add of drop Methylene blue .
Other will add a of drop blue Methylene .
If an egg turns blue, it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down.
If egg an blue , turns it had died and then became dyed as the outer broke membrane down .
If an egg turns , blue it had died and then became as the dyed outer broke membrane down .
Get those out ASAP too.
Get out those ASAP too .
Get those ASAP out too .
Hope there is useful grist for the mill here.
Hope there is useful for grist mill here the .
Hope is there grist useful the for mill here .
Disney cruise line with young ones?
Disney cruise line with young ones ?
Disney line cruise young with ones ?
I will be taking my 3 and 4 yr olds.
Will I be taking my and 4 3 yr olds .
I will taking be my and 3 yr 4 olds .
What is the best time of year?
What is the time best year of ?
What the is best time year of ?
Should I get a balcony?
Should get I a balcony ?
Should I get balcony a ?
Any tips or advice to make this a great experience??
Tips any or to make advice this a great experience ? ?
Any tips or advice to this make great experience a ? ?
Thanks!!!
! thanks ! !
! thanks ! !
It is vacation time.
Is it vacation time .
It is time vacation .
Many families are set to plan a best holidaying.
Many families are set plan a to best . holidaying
Many are families set to a plan holidaying best .
They look for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacation.
They for look filled fun , rejuvenating memorable and vacation .
They look for fun filled , rejuvenating memorable and vacation .
There can be many ideas; one can see numerous options passing through their mind.
There be can ideas many ; one can see options numerous passing through mind their .
There can ideas be many ; one can see numerous passing options through mind their .
What is the best option?
What is the best ? option
What the is best option ?
Especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids, which best suit you can select?
Especially if are you planning to spend couple days with family kids and , which best suit you can select ?
Especially if are you planning to spend couple with days family and , kids best which suit can you ? select
Disney cruises, is a simple answer to this.
Disney cruises , is a answer simple to this .
Disney cruises , is a simple answer this to .
There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour.
Reasons there are many to Disney say is cruise the best bet for you to have enjoyable a holiday tour .
Are there many to reasons say Disney cruise the is best bet you for have to a holiday enjoyable tour .
From 1998 onwards, from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more.
From 1998 onwards , from inception its Disney cruise attracted has many and to continue more attract and more .
1998 from onwards , from its inception cruise Disney has attracted and many continue attract more to more and .
This is a spectacular ship, a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time.
Is spectacular this a ship , a very choice popular of to families spend their leisure time .
This a is spectacular ship , a very popular of families choice spend to leisure their time .
The ship is designed thematically, with imposing animated cartoon characters.
The ship designed thematically is , with imposing animated cartoon . characters
The ship is thematically designed , with imposing characters animated cartoon .
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones?
Do you feel that the holidaying with animated the impress cartoons will young only ones ?
Do you that holidaying feel the with the animated cartoons will impress only ones young ?
No, the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages.
No , luxurious the facilities and filled fun in activities the cruise Disney very are attractive to people of all . ages
, no the facilities luxurious and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people all of . ages
Whatever be the age, you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day-to-day activities.
Be whatever the , age will you have the choice of variety of forget activities to about your day hectic - to - day . activities
Whatever be the age , you will have the of choice variety activities to of about your forget - hectic day to - day activities .
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities.
Kids fun and games shows video are added the to other facilities .
Kids fun games and video are shows added to other facilities the .
There are two ships, Disney magic and Disney wonder.
Are there two ships Disney , and magic Disney wonder .
Are two there ships , Disney and magic Disney wonder .
Both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers.
Are both keeping made in mind comforts the of the travelers .
Both made keeping are mind in the comforts of the travelers .
Disney cruises offer 24-hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like.
Disney cruises offer - 24 room services hour , the and crews are ready serve to you way the you like .
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and crews the ready are serve to you the way like you .
It has got very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatly.
Has it got very spacious , rooms completely furnished and neatly .
Has it got spacious very rooms , furnished completely neatly and .
These are decorated uniquely and marvelously.
Decorated these are uniquely and marvelously .
These decorated are and uniquely marvelously .
The ship offers variety of eatables, deliciously made.
Ship the of offers variety eatables , deliciously made .
Ship the offers variety of eatables , deliciously made .
Sea fishes, prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard.
Fishes sea , prawns and many nice options are there in restaurants different aboard .
Fishes sea , prawns and many nice options are in there different restaurants aboard .
There are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well.
There are many good options of on food delicious shores the as well .
Are there good many options of delicious on food the shores as . well
There are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children.
There are special uniquely imposingly regions and designed for the children .
There are regions special uniquely designed and imposingly for the children .
They can spend many hours enjoying the Disney world magic.
They can spend hours many enjoying the Disney world magic .
They can spend many hours enjoying Disney the magic . world
These theme parks have all types of facilities.
Parks these theme have all types of facilities .
These parks theme have types all of facilities .
Video shows, cartoon stories, wonderful games and many such facilities.
Shows video , cartoon stories , wonderful games and many such facilities .
Shows video , stories cartoon , wonderful and games many such facilities .
It is really an entertainment for the kids.
It is really entertainment an for kids the .
Is really it an entertainment for the kids .
The amusing world of cartoons and stories will be a memorable experience for the children.
The amusing world of cartoons stories and be will a experience memorable the for children .
Amusing the world of cartoons and stories be will memorable a for experience the children .
There are other amnesties also.
There other are amnesties also .
There other are amnesties also .
These include space for dances and music, bar facility, gambling facilities for the elder, spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities.
Space these include for dances and music , facility bar , gambling facilities for the elder , spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice . facilities
These include space for dances and music , bar facility facilities , gambling for the elder spaciously , made open area and aboard such many nice . facilities
Also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion.
Also one keep their can privacy the in cabins and make the time seclusion in .
Also one can their keep privacy in the cabins and make the time seclusion in .
To relax and to rejuvenate Disney cruise are the best option.
Relax to and to Disney rejuvenate cruise are best the option .
Relax to and to rejuvenate Disney cruise the are option best .
There are many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable rates.
Are there many online sites offering the booking affordable facility with rates .
Are there many offering online sites the booking facility with affordable rates .
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking........
You can select proper the route travel and plans by consulting prior agents the the booking to . . . . . . . .
Can you proper select the route and travel plans consulting by agents the to the prior booking . . . . . . . .
Off season is good, however, the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked.
Off is season good , however , the cruises Disney are ALWAYS almost completely . booked
Off season is good , however , the cruises Disney are ALWAYS almost completely booked .
I would suggest a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summer.
I would suggest a warmer season , but not or Spring Break early summer .
I would a suggest season warmer but , not Spring Break or early . summer
You may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays.
You also may to want avoid Thanksgiving week the and Christmas holidays .
You may want also avoid to Thanksgiving week and Christmas the holidays .
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony-- coffee in the mornings, drinks at night, standing outside when docking and leaving port-- however, it is quite a bit more expensive.
We REALLY enjoyed balcony our - coffee - in the , mornings at drinks night , standing when outside docking and port leaving - - however , it is quite bit a more . expensive
We REALLY our enjoyed - balcony - coffee in the , mornings drinks at night , standing when outside docking leaving and port - - however , is it quite a bit . more expensive
With young ones, I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside.
With young ones , definitely I would a get window view or room so they see can outside .
Young with ones , would I definitely get a window view or room so they can see outside .
Check out the kids' space as soon as you get onboard.
Check out kids the ' space as soon as you get onboard .
Check out the kids space ' as soon as onboard you get .
Do NOT feel guilty about taking them there.
NOT do feel guilty about them taking there .
Do feel NOT guilty about taking them . there
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there, the sooner they can have fun.
A they have BLAST so the sooner they get there the , they sooner can fun have .
Have a they BLAST so they the sooner get there , the sooner they can have . fun
We liked getting the late dinner seating, so you have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are 'early to bed' you may want the earlier seating for dinners.
We liked getting the late dinner seating , so you have more time to see movies and but stuff if kids your early are ' to bed you may ' the earlier want for seating . dinners
We liked the getting late seating dinner , so have you more time to movies and see but stuff if your kids are early ' bed to ' you may want the seating for earlier dinners .
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door.
Bring some sort of magnet or small whiteboard magnetic door for your .
Bring some of sort magnet or small magnetic for your whiteboard door .
All of the doors tend to look alike and having 'something' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier.
Of all the doors tend to and look alike having something ' on ' your helps you door and your kids find your room easier .
All the of doors tend to look alike having and ' something ' on your door helps and kids you your find your room easier .
You can also leave notes for the rest of your family (husband) about where you are at any given point.
Can you also leave for notes the rest your of family ( husband ) about where you are at any point given .
Can you also leave for notes rest the your of family ( husband ) about you where at are any given point .
Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a 'walkie-talkie' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard.
Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a walkie ' talkie - ' of phone kind in your that room work WILL onboard .
Phones cell do on NOT work board but they give you a ' walkie - ' talkie kind of in phone room your that work WILL . onboard
Each evening you will get a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day.
Evening you each get will a ' magazine ' The called Navigator which lists of all activities the for the next day .
Each evening you will get a ' magazine ' called The Navigator which all lists of for the activities the day next .
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we 'had' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling.
We ours always to took dinner and discussed what things felt we we ' had ' and to do which we ones felt like skipping lieu in just of chilling .
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what we things felt we ' had ' to do and which we felt ones like in skipping lieu of chilling just .
Any time would be great.
Any would time be great .
Time any would be great .
off season cruises might actually be better with preschoolers as prices might be lower in the off season.
season off cruises might actually be better with preschoolers as prices be might lower the in off season .
off cruises might season actually be better with as preschoolers prices be might in lower the off season .
My wife and I, in our 60's at the time, originally planned a 3 generation trip but some family emergencies caused everyone else to cancel.
My wife and I , in our ' 60 s at the time , planned originally 3 a generation trip but some family emergencies caused everyone else to cancel .
My wife and I , in our 60 ' s the at time , originally planned a 3 trip but generation family some emergencies caused everyone else cancel to .
We had a ball.
Had we a ball .
We had ball a .
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend.
We had an inside cabin and it is what I recommend would .
Had we an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .
There are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted.
There are many so things do to will that you only use your room for and sleeping the extra cost of the balcony is wasted .
There so are many things do that to you only will use room for your and sleeping the extra cost of the balcony is wasted .
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones.
The children can be checked and out in in checked safe a way at many so activities you can a have of bit free time without little the ones .
The children can checked be in checked and out safe in a way at so many activities you can a have of bit free time without little the ones .
The range of activities can be illustrated by describing the water activities.
The range of activities can illustrated be by the describing water . activities
Range the of can activities be illustrated by describing water the activities .
There is a splash fountain (no standing water) for little ones still in diapers; Next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained; Then a family pool; Finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed.
There is a splash fountain ( no water standing ) for little still ones in diapers ; Next is pool a wading those for who potty are trained ; Then a family pool ; Finally there is a pool for only adults with not kids allowed .
There is a splash fountain ( no standing water ) for little ones still in diapers Next ; a is for wading pool who those are potty trained ; a Then family pool ; Finally there a is adults pool for only kids with not allowed .
You will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a Disney Cruise.
Will you never spoiled be so in life your as you are on a Cruise Disney .
You never will be so spoiled in your life you as on are Disney a . Cruise
If you stay with your dining schedule, every night is dinner and a show.
You if stay with your schedule dining , every night is and dinner show a .
If stay you with your dining schedule , night every dinner is and a . show
The real payoff is that you will have the same waiter for the entire cruise.
The real payoff that is you will have the same for waiter the cruise . entire
The payoff real that is you will have same the waiter for the cruise entire .
Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare.
Our waiter quickly fact grasped the that I like Ginger ale spicy and foods rather while my wife ' s taste to ran lemonade less and spicy . fare
Waiter our grasped quickly the that fact I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while wife my ' s taste ran to lemonade less and fare spicy .
Since they knew our preferences, we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did.
Since knew preferences they our , we almost always went along with their and menu suggestions were never sorry did we .
Since knew they our preferences , almost we always went along menu with their suggestions and never sorry were we did .
Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it.
Obviously they had full a list beverage including alcohol who for adults wanted it .
They obviously had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults wanted who it .
If you should miss a meal, you also missed a great show.
If should you miss a meal , you also missed a show great .
If you should miss a meal , you missed also a show great .
but food is always available and it is consistently good.
but is food always and available it consistently is good .
but food is and always available it is good consistently .
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise.
I think gained I pounds three in my long week cruise .
I think I gained three pounds in my week cruise long .
This is about my farrier, girls.
This about is my farrier girls , .
This about is my , farrier girls .
That's why I'm posting here!
That ' why s I ' here m posting !
' that why s ' I m posting here !
Help?
? help
? help
I posted this in singles and dating too, so I've just copied and pasted.
Posted I this singles in and too dating , so I ve ' just copied and . pasted
Posted this I singles and in dating too , so I ' ve just copied and . pasted
Well, I'll try to make this short.
I well , ' ll try to make short this .
Well , I ll try to ' make this short .
I have known this guy for a long time, but we've never been good friends or anything.
I have known this for guy long a time , but we ve ' been never good or friends . anything
Have I known this guy for a long , time but we ' ve been good friends never or . anything
He is my farrier (shoes my horses feet) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way.
He is my farrier shoes ( horses my feet ) so I am technically client a if you to want view it that . way
My he is farrier ( shoes my horses feet so ) I am technically a client you want if to view it that way .
Well, almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horses feet and was SO flirty.
, well almost two weeks ago came he out and did horses my feet and flirty was SO .
Well , almost two weeks ago he came out and did horses my feet was and SO . flirty
He always hugs me when he comes, but he gave me at least 5 tight, long, back rubbing hugs while he was there.
Hugs he always he me when comes , but gave he me at least 5 , tight long , back rubbing while hugs he there was .
He hugs always me comes when he , but he gave me at least 5 tight , long , back hugs rubbing while he was there .
We were also just talking about my horse's crappy feet and he mentioned.
We were also just talking my horse about ' s feet and crappy he mentioned .
We were talking also just about my horse ' s crappy and feet mentioned he .
"Well, if you ever just want to see me I'll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after."
" , Well you if ever just want to see me I ' ll out come look and him over then and we can grab coffee a . after "
Well " , if you just ever want to see me I ' come out ll look and him over and then we grab can coffee a after . "
That has NEVER happened before so I was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested.
Has that NEVER happened before so I was kinda realizing that at point that was he a interested little .
That has NEVER happened before so I was kinda realizing that at that he was point a . little interested
Right??
? right ?
? right ?
Anyway, so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horses foot(I've never heard of a farrier doing this) and telling me to call him in a few days(first it was a week, then it was a few days lol) and he'd come back out and put it in.
Anyway , so ended he up one leaving nail out horses of my foot ( I ' ve never of heard a doing farrier this ) and telling me call to a him in few days ( first it was a week , then it was a days few lol ) and he ' d come back out and put it in .
Anyway , so he ended up leaving one nail out of horses my foot ( I ' ve never heard of a farrier doing this ) and telling to me call him in days a few first ( was it a week , then was it few a days ) lol and he ' come d back out and put it in .
He told me to remember to call like 3 times before he left.
Told he remember me to to call 3 like times before he left .
He to told me remember to call 3 like times he before left .
So, I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)
, so I waited a week to because call I was busy and I to wanted have him come out a on when day I am available more in case were we to hang out ; after )
So , I waited to a week call I because was I busy and wanted to him have come out on a when day am I more available case in we were to out hang after ; )
Anyway, so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message, but he still hasn't called back yet.
Anyway , so that was 2 days that ago I called and a left message but he , still hasn called ' t yet back .
, anyway that so was days 2 that ago I called left and a message , but he still hasn t ' back called yet .
I don't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not?
I don ' t know if I call should him tomorrow again or not ?
I don ' t if know I call should him again tomorrow or not ?
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you, but it's different because I'm a client and technically that's all I am at this point.
I know a of people lot say to wait until he calls you but , it ' different s I because m ' a client technically and that ' s I am all at this . point
I know a of lot people say to wait until he calls , you it but ' s different because ' I client m a technically and that ' s I all am at this point .
On the other hand though, if I'm a client he should really of called back by now because you don't leave a customer hanging.
On hand the other , though if I m ' a he client should really called of back by because now you don ' t leave customer a . hanging
The on hand other though , if I ' a m he client really should of called back now by because don you t leave ' a customer hanging .
He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM instead of his dad.
He didn t ' have my either number because was this first the I time ' ve called HIM instead of his dad .
He ' t didn have number my either because this was first the time I ' ve HIM called of instead dad his .
It's a father and son business.
It ' s father a and son . business
' it s a and father son business .
Anyway, I would appreciate ANY insight on this at all.
, anyway I would appreciate ANY insight this on all at .
, anyway I appreciate would ANY insight on at this all .
Thank you for reading if you did! :)
You thank for if you reading did ! : )
Thank you for you reading if ! did : )
Ok, well as far as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail out - That is not the case, they are extremely well known farriers in the area.
Ok , well as as far him being a bad farrier leaving for a nail out That - is not the , they case extremely are known well farriers in the area .
, ok well as far as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail - out That not is the case , are they extremely well known in farriers the area .
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail.
Would I be a lot concerned more if the shoe fell off it because was missing lousy one nail .
Would I be lot a more concerned the if shoe fell off because it was one missing lousy nail .
The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my horse's horrible feet.
The reason said he he didn ' t that put in nail was because he " didn ' t risk want it to " my with horse ' s horrible feet .
Reason he the said he didn ' t that put nail in because was " he didn ' want t to " risk it with horse my ' s horrible feet .
This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because I just switched back to them.
This is about the fourth they time ' done my ve horse ' s feet because I just switched back them to .
This is about fourth the time ' they ve done my horse ' feet because s just I switched back to . them
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own.
Only the reason I switched away from them the in first place is because good my friend who with apprenticed them was starting out own on his .
The only reason I switched away from them in the first is because place my good friend apprenticed who with was them starting out on his own .
However, he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS(now that's what I call a crap farrier).
, however left he horse my without a shoe for WEEKS TWO now ( that ' s what I crap call a farrier ) .
, however left my he horse a without shoe TWO for WEEKS ( now that ' what s I call a farrier crap ) .
Which, I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails.
Which , I might add is same the foot that crumbling keeps the nails with .
Which , add I might is the same that foot keeps crumbling the with nails .
So, obviously I switched back to these guys.
So , obviously switched I to back guys these .
So , obviously I switched back to these . guys
Ok, calm down, it's not like he's some stranger that came up and groped me lol.
, ok calm down , it ' s not like he ' some s stranger that came up groped and lol me .
Ok , calm down , it ' not s like he ' stranger some s that came up and groped me lol .
I've known the guy for about 10 years.
I ' known ve the guy 10 for about years .
I ' ve known the guy for about 10 . years
I am 21, so yeah we were both kids when we knew each other!
I 21 am , so we yeah were both when we kids knew each other !
I am 21 , so we yeah were kids both when knew we other each !
He is a few years older than me.
He is few a years older than . me
He is few a years older me than .
And yes, I do like him.
Yes and , I like do him .
And yes , do I him like .
To answer Barry White, yes that did occur to me :) I hope that is all he's waiting for.
Answer to Barry White , yes did occur that to me : ) hope that I all is he ' s for waiting .
Answer to Barry White , that yes did me occur to : I ) hope is that he all ' s waiting for .
On the other hand, he could very easily just call me and say hey I'm busy right now, I'll call you when I can come out.
On other the hand , very he could easily call just me and hey say I ' m busy now , right I ' call ll you when I can out come .
On the other hand , he very could easily call me just and say hey I ' busy m right now I , ll call ' you when I can come out .
And as far as scheduled visits go, I have no idea.
As and far scheduled visits as go , I have no idea .
As and far visits as scheduled go , I have no idea .
I've never done that before though either.
I ' ve never that done before though either .
I never ' ve done that before either though .
It's always just "Okay, they're feet need to be done, better call the farrier."
It ' always just s Okay " , they re ' need feet be to done , better call the farrier . "
It ' s just always " Okay , they ' feet re need to done be better , the farrier call . "
And they usually come out within a few days.
And usually they come within out a few . days
They and usually come within out a days few .
He will call you back Im sure!
He will call you back Im sure !
Call he will you back Im sure !
Sounds like He really likes you..
Sounds like He likes really . you .
Sounds like He likes really . you .
But you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way?
But need you to ask yourself do you the same feel way ?
You but need to yourself ask do feel you the same way ?
would You like going for *coffee* with him?
You would like going * for coffee with * him ?
You would like going for coffee * * him with ?
or is he Not your type?
is or Not he your type ?
or he is Not your ? type
Or are you undecided?
Or you are undecided ?
Are or you undecided ?
If i were you I would Go...
If i you were I Go . would . .
If i you were would Go I . . .
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get?
Would I say he if not does call you back friday by call him again he could be playing to hard ? get
Would I say if he does call not you friday back by call him again he be could playing hard get to ?
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming..
He I think the left Nail of out the as shoe a excuse come to back and see you he may hey be your Prince charming . .
I think left he the Nail the out of shoe as a to excuse and come see back you hey he may be Prince your charming . .
Edit... I really dont think Your horse Is in danger Of being hurt With one Nail missing..
Edit . . . really I think Your dont horse Is in danger Of hurt being With Nail one . missing .
. edit . . I really think dont Your horse Is in danger being Of hurt With one missing Nail . .
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to...
Have I seen horses Loose On Nails there Own And just do with fine ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or I 3 would be wondering . to . .
I horses have seen Loose Nails On there Own And just do fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left 2 out 3 I or be would to wondering . . .
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horses Hoof condition and Its a added bonus he would get to see her again
I do really belive he left nail the out becuse horses of the Hoof condition Its and a added bonus he get would to see her again
Really I do he belive the nail left out the becuse of Hoof horses condition and Its added a bonus he would get to see her again
When I was Younger In my early 20s My farrier was A hottie named Joby..( for those who don't Know I AM A GIRL read my Bio on my Page) dumb as a post about everything But horses..
When I Younger was my In 20s early My farrier was hottie named Joby A . . ( for those who don ' t Know I AM A GIRL read my Bio on my ) Page as dumb a post about everything But horses . .
I when was In Younger my 20s early My farrier was A named Joby hottie . . ( for those who don ' Know t I AM GIRL A read my Bio on my Page ) dumb as a post about But everything horses . .
He was In his 30s divorced and Had 2 kids.. but we both flirted Horribly with each other.. but neither one of us took the chance and Asked to other on a date. :(
Was he In 30s his Had divorced and 2 kids . . but we flirted both Horribly with other each . . but neither one of us took chance the and Asked other on to a . date : (
He was his In 30s and divorced Had 2 kids . . but both we flirted with Horribly each other . . neither but one of us took chance the and Asked to on other a . date : (
sorta wonder what it would have been like?
sorta wonder what it would been have ? like
wonder what sorta it would have been like ?
But That was Years ago.
But That Years was ago .
That but was Years ago .
He had this Habit of telling you Everything..
Had he Habit this of telling you . Everything .
He this had Habit of you telling . Everything .
Well one day he said to me You know i don't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mares Right front hoof.. and I was Like Ummmm okay???
Well one day he said me to i You know don t ' wear as Underwear he was bent over Working on my Right Mares front hoof . and . I was Like okay Ummmm ? ? ?
One well day said he to me You know i don ' t Underwear wear he as bent was over Working on my Mares Right hoof front . . and was I Ummmm Like okay ? ? ?
Im glad his butt was facing me so he couldn't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing..
Im his glad butt was so facing me he ' couldn see my t red face I think my Mare even was laughing . .
Im glad butt his me facing was so he couldn ' t see my red I face think my Mare even was . laughing .
Well 6 weeks Later when he came back out He was again working on my mares front Foot and I looked Down and Yeah he had Wholes In his pants In the wrong places I bust out Laughing and He was like what???
6 well Later weeks when came he back out He was again working my on mares front and Foot looked I Down Yeah and had he Wholes In pants his In the wrong places I bust out Laughing and He was like ? what ? ?
Well 6 weeks Later when he came out back He again was working on my mares front and Foot I looked Down Yeah and he had Wholes In his In pants wrong the places I out bust and Laughing He like what was ? ? ?
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks...he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear???
Was Ummmm I like i can your see ass . cheeks . . he was like did Oops i my forget Underwear ? ? ?
Ummmm I was like i can see your ass cheeks . . . was he like Oops i did my forget ? Underwear ? ?
that was a strange way to flirt.. but i guss it was his way...
was that way strange a to flirt . . but guss i it was his way . . .
that was a strange way to flirt . . but i guss his was it way . . .
But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up..
But like said i ever nothing came It of . . next the time I saw him He had told he Me had get To married a to girl Who worked he with becuse he Her Up knocked . .
But like i said ever nothing came of It . . the next I time saw He him had told Me he had To get to married a girl worked Who he with becuse he knocked Her Up . .
I was heartbroken.. but then realized He was not the Guy for me..
Was I . heartbroken . then but He realized was not the for Guy me . .
Was I heartbroken . but . realized then was He not the Guy me for . .
Wow he does sound interested in you, my farrier never gives me hugs like that (probably a good thing as he has a wife and 2 kids) anyway, I find that they can be very busy so I would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a call but dont leave a message so you dont have to necessarily wait for him to call.
Wow he does sound interested in you , my farrier never gives me hugs like that ( probably a good as thing he has wife a and 2 kids ) anyway , I find that they can be so very busy I would wait week a lo9nger and if no still reply give him a call but don  leave t a so message you don  t necessarily have to wait for him to call .
Wow he does sound interested in you , my never farrier gives me like hugs that ( probably a good thing as has he a wife 2 and ) anyway kids , I that find can they be very busy so I would wait a week lo9nger and if still reply no give him a call but don  t leave message a so you don  t have to necessarily wait for him to call .
From the point of view of a business, and client/operator relationships, he's doing a really shitty job.
From the point view of a of business , and / client relationships operator , ' he a s doing really shitty job .
From point of the of business view a , and client / operator relationships , he ' s doing really shitty a job .
Leaving nails out so you'll call and have him come back out later?
Leaving out nails so you ' ll and have call him come out back later ?
Leaving nails so out you ' ll call and him have back come later out ?
Cute or not, I'd call a different bloke because he's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he's flirting or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first.
Cute or not , I ' d call a different bloke because he ' s doing a sub - par job at something he needs to doing be his best at whether , he ' flirting s or trying to ask you out or not , he to put ought first quality .
Cute or not , ' I d call a different because bloke ' he s doing sub a - par job something at he needs doing to be his best at , whether he ' s flirting or trying to ask out you or not , ought he to put first quality .
This is, after all, his business, and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work?
Is this after , all , his business and , wants if he to you a remain customer why on earth is he shoddy doing work ?
Is , this after all , his business and , he if you wants remain to a customer why on is earth doing he shoddy work ?
EPM, Anyone Dealt with it?
EPM , Dealt Anyone it with ?
, EPM Dealt Anyone with it ?
Might be something different?
Might something be different ?
Might be different something ?
I have the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for free.
I the have opportunity to pick up a super nice year 6 old for free .
Have I the opportunity pick to up a super nice year 6 old for . free
He's not lame, but he's been having issues.
He ' s not lame , he but ' s . been having issues
He ' not s , lame but he s ' having been issues .
Here's what the owner has said:
Here ' s what the has owner : said
' s here what the owner has said :
I have a 5 year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months ago.
I have 5 year a old lost that all of cheek muscle his on the right side 3 about - 4 ago months .
I have a 5 year old lost that all of cheek his muscle on the side about 3 right - 4 ago . months
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage, because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems.
Chalked I up it to possible nerve damage , because is this the what thought vet other and cheek the muscle was fine and he had theeth no problems .
It I chalked up to nerve possible damage , because this is the what vet and thought the other muscle cheek was fine he and had no theeth problems .
So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels.
So I sent to him the trainers the first September of be started to on the . barrels
So I him sent the trainers to the first September of be to started on the barrels .
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday (I expected him to drop some).
Him I got back first of the month the and he had lost some weight attributed that but to be everyday worked ( expected I him to drop some ) .
I got him the back first of month the he and had lost some weight but that attributed to be worked everyday ( I expected to him drop some ) .
He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day.
He is now losing cheek the muscle the on left side of his and face seems to dropping be by weight the day .
He now is losing cheek the muscle on side the left his of face and seems to be weight dropping by the . day
Had him to a dentist yesterday and there is no teeth problems.
Had him to a dentist and there yesterday is teeth no problems .
Him had a to dentist yesterday and there is no problems teeth .
He can eat all his feed and doesn't drop any, but cannot eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it.
He can eat all his feed doesn and ' t drop , any but cannot eat lack hay from of muscle to it chew .
He can all eat and his feed doesn ' t drop any but , eat cannot hay from lack of to chew muscle it .
He is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle.
He is gant in looking his flank area and losing is topline muscle .
He is gant looking in his flank area and losing is muscle topline .
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead.
The neurological only sign that shows he that is he barely his drags toes and sometimes has trouble his right with lead .
The only neurological sign that shows he he is that his barely drags and toes sometimes has trouble with his right lead .
The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life.
Horse the I had about posted a couple weeks with ago the atrophied cheek muscles to is down his last resort for life .
The horse I posted had about couple weeks a ago with the cheek atrophied down muscles is to his resort last for life .
I CANNOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him.
CANNOT I afford to treat whatever is with him wrong .
I CANNOT afford treat is to whatever wrong with him .
NO, I have not done an EPM test but have done an extensive blood panel and my vet did a neurological physical exam.
, NO have I not done an EPM test but done have extensive an blood panel and did my vet a physical neurological exam .
NO , I not have done an EPM but test have done an blood extensive panel and my vet did neurological a physical . exam
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs.
We elected to not do the EPM because test there was NO neurological . signs
We to elected not do the EPM test because there was neurological NO signs .
He is still showing no signs other than the weight loss, and some muscle atrophy.
He is showing still no signs other than the weight , loss and some atrophy muscle .
He is still showing signs no other than the loss , weight and some muscle atrophy .
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws.
He eats all of his grain but just takes it a him while to get it chewed of because lack the muscle of in his jaws .
He eats all his of grain but it takes just him while to a it chewed get because the of lack muscle of in his jaws .
So I might get the horse and see what I can do.
I so might get and the horse see what I can do .
So I get might horse the see and what I can do .
I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get him, have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test.
I will be getting my vet with first and if I get do him , have the spinal test for fluid done EPM a and test titer .
Will I be getting with my and vet first if I do him get , the spinal have fluid test done EPM for a and titer test .
Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well.
Be will getting copy a of the blood the results has owner already as ran well .
Be will getting a copy of blood results the the owner already has ran well as .
My other theory would be wobblers.
Theory my other would be wobblers .
Other my theory be would wobblers .
I'll be having my equine chiro/acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him....
' I ll having be my equine / acupuncturist chiro out to do as some work well I if do get him . . . .
' I ll be having my chiro equine acupuncturist / out do some to as work if well I do get him . . . .
So any ideas?
Any so ideas ?
So ideas any ?
Think I should do it?
Think I should do ? it
Think should I do it ?
Arby,
, arby
, arby
Horse is out of state and not local.
Horse is of out state and local not .
Is horse out of state not and local .
Owner is willing to meet me half way with him.
Owner is willing to meet me half way him with .
Is owner to willing meet me half way with . him
I will be calling my vet and chiro about him.
Will be I my calling vet and chiro about him .
I be will calling my chiro vet and about him .
Worse comes to worse, I'm out of the $$ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament.
Worse to comes worse , I ' out m of the $ and $ to put have him anyway down or a have pretty ornament pasture .
Worse worse to comes , ' I m of out the $ $ and to have put him down anyway have or a pasture pretty ornament .
He's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle.
' he s rideable still currently and not having issues many saddle under .
He ' s still currently rideable and having not many issues under saddle .
This is a horse that I otherwise wouldn't be able to afford and even if I spend 2K and treatment I come out ahead of his purchase price.
This a is horse I wouldn that otherwise ' be t to able afford even and if I spend 2K and treatment I come ahead out of his purchase . price
This is a horse that otherwise I wouldn t ' be afford able and to even if spend I 2K treatment and I come ahead of out his purchase price .
I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3, that is not me to clarify.
I posted what the owner said as paragraph in 2 & , 3 that is not me to . clarify
Posted I what the owner said as in 2 paragraph & 3 , that is not me to . clarify
She is the one that can't afford to do anything else for him in case he doesn't recover fully.
She the is one that can ' t afford to do anything else for him in he case doesn ' recover t fully .
She is the one can that t ' afford to do anything for else he him in case doesn t ' recover fully .
He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he can't eat regular hay.
Can eat he grain and already have I a feed regimen in my head guy for the since he can ' t regular eat hay .
He can grain eat and I already have a feed regimen my in head for the guy since he can t ' eat regular hay .
I don't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain.
Don I t ' think it will be hard to keep his weight up as so long he eat the can grain .
I don ' t it think will be hard to keep his weight up so as long he can eat the grain .
I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford.
I am not to going go up pick a horse I can ' t afford .
I am not going go to up pick a horse I can ' t afford .
I am willing to pull the EPM test and treat.
Am I to willing pull EPM the test and treat .
I am to willing pull EPM the test treat and .
The owner is the one who is unable.
The owner is the one who is unable .
The owner the is one who is . unable
I will also be having my other vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers.
Will I also be other having vet my up who ' a s chiro acupuncturist & to evaluate him for wobblers .
I will also be having other my vet who up ' s a chiro & acupuncturist evaluate to him for . wobblers
July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury.
July is he started when exhibit to slight symptoms and owner the and vet originally it thought was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .
July is when he started to exhibit symptoms slight the and owner and vet thought originally was it some just damage nerve something from in with the pasture no visible injury .
He's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy, with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead (which could or couldn't be related).
He s ' only exhibited weight loss some atrophy and muscle , with the slight toe and drag a bit trouble of with lead the right ( which could or couldn ' t be related ) .
He ' s only exhibited and weight loss some muscle atrophy , with slight the toe a drag and bit of trouble the with lead right ( could which or couldn ' be related t ) .
The horse is not in pain.
Horse the is in not pain .
The is horse in not pain .
He's not starving.
' he s not starving .
He ' s starving not .
He's dropping we
He s ' dropping we
He ' dropping s we
The horse is not in pain.
The horse not is pain in .
The horse in is not pain .
He's not starving.
He ' s starving not .
He ' not s starving .
He's dropping weight, but most of that came from being at the trainers and being ridden hard for 60 days.
He ' s dropping weight but , most that of came from at being the trainers and being ridden for hard 60 . days
' s he dropping weight , but of most came that being from at the trainers being ridden and hard for 60 days .
He's not putting it back on.
He ' not s it putting back on .
He s ' not putting back it on .
I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down.
Know I I that have the possibility of him treating and still to having put him down .
Know I that I the have possibility of treating him and still to put having down him .
At the same time I do know people who have had horses come back successfully after EPM.
The at same time I do people know who have horses come had back successfully after . EPM
At the time same I know do people had who have horses come successfully back after EPM .
I know this is going to be expensive.
I know this is going to be expensive .
I this know is going to be . expensive
I'm willing to give it a shot.
I ' willing m to give shot it a .
I m ' willing give to it shot a .
Gallop, I've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well.
Gallop I , ' ve already that read whole and site been reading research articles through from research the colleges as well .
, gallop I ' ve already that read whole site and been reading through articles research the from research well colleges as .
Looked at studies, treatment options and such.
At studies looked , treatment options and such .
At looked studies , treatment options such and .
I will have the EPM test done before treating.
Will I have EPM the test done treating before .
I will the EPM have test done before . treating
The chiro/acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM.
The chiro / acupuncturist will be there evaluate for to the horse which wobblers is often by caused compression spinal and can confused be with EPM .
The chiro / acupuncturist will there be evaluate horse to the for which wobblers often is by spinal caused compression and can be confused with EPM .
If that is the case then acupuncture isn't going to hurt him.
If that case is the then acupuncture isn ' t going to hurt him .
That if is the then case acupuncture isn ' going t to him hurt .
It's actually one of the alternative therapies for EPM
It ' s one actually the of alternative therapies EPM for
It ' s actually one of alternative therapies for the EPM
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals (and a bunch of Yahoos) before you decide to take this horse on.
I think is it wonderfully that responsible are you going into this rescue eyes open and are getting opinions the of professionals qualified and ( bunch a of ) before Yahoos decide you to take this horse on .
Think it I is wonderfully responsible that are going you this into rescue open eyes and are the getting opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos before ) you decide to this horse take on .
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I can't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse.
I do think some Y A ! users need to work on their comprehension reading as I can ' t comprehend how taking a in as horse rescue a it and getting medical qualified treatment is abuse .
I do think some Y ! need users to A work their on reading as comprehension I can ' t comprehend taking how a horse in a as rescue and it getting medical qualified treatment is abuse .
Worst case scenario you fall in love and after spending thousands of dollars you have to put the horse down.
Case worst scenario you fall in love and after spending of thousands dollars to you put have horse the down .
Worst case scenario you fall in love and after thousands of spending dollars have you put to the horse down .
Is that something you are up for?
That something is you are up for ?
Is something that you are up ? for
If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up.
If go so for it I and ' ll you give the all moral I support can as you out figure what is . up
If so go for it and ' ll I you give all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .
It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down, but some horses are worth the risk.
It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and have then to put , it down but horses some are worth the . risk
Is it heartbreaking to to try bring horse a back and then have to put down it , but horses some are the worth risk .
If you feel this guy is worth it then I hope your vet can figure things out.
If you feel this is guy worth it then I your hope can figure things vet out .
Feel if you guy this is worth it then hope I your vet can things figure out .
As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we've had to deal with it.
As to EPM said like Shee in being MI ' we ve to had deal with it .
To as EPM Shee like said being in we MI ' ve had deal with to it .
Pretty much every large stable has here.
Much pretty every large has stable here .
Pretty much large every has stable here .
Our first diagnosed EPM horse was back when there was no treatment in the US and only an experimental chicken feed additive in Canada.
Diagnosed our first horse EPM was back there when was no treatment the in and US only an chicken experimental feed additive in Canada .
Our first diagnosed horse EPM back was when there no was treatment the in US and only chicken an experimental feed in additive Canada .
We hauled the horse to Windsor and got him treated there.
Hauled we the horse to Windsor and him treated got there .
Hauled we the to horse Windsor got and him treated there .
That horse returned to racing and we didn't notice much difference.
That horse to returned racing and we didn ' notice difference t much .
That horse returned to and racing we didn t ' notice much difference .
We've had a few since then, but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida.
' we ve had a few then since , but none our since horses race wintering in began Florida .
' we had ve a few then since , but none since horses our race began wintering Florida in .
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers, but we haven't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years.
I have no idea if is that related or farmers doing are a better job clearing of out opossums because now they opossums know are carriers but , we haven ' t had EPM an horse in at least years 10 .
Have idea I if no that is related or farmers are doing a better job of out clearing opossums now they because know opossums are carriers but , we haven ' had t an horse EPM in at 10 least years .
I can say all of our EPM horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like Shee gave and all returned to racing.
Can all I say of our were EPM horses treated early they when showing were mild signs like Shee gave and all returned to racing .
I say can of all our EPM were horses treated early were when they showing mild signs like gave Shee and all returned racing to .
One horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for EPM.
Horse one got even his mark lifetime after being treated for EPM .
One even horse lifetime got his mark after being treated for EPM .
We've always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1/2 mile.
We ' always ve big liked long trotters that do better mile on tracks 1 then / 2 mile .
We ' ve long always liked big trotters that better do on tracks mile then / 1 2 mile .
The only difference we noticed is that the EPM horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after.
The difference only we noticed is that EPM the horses seemed to worse do on the tracks smaller after .
Only the difference we noticed is that the EPM to horses seemed worse do on smaller the after tracks .
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns.
Might it be just or coincidence the those fact great big trotters with those extremely long lost backs a bit fine of to coordination those get gangly bodies around those tighter . turns
It might be just coincidence the or fact those great big trotters with extremely those long lost backs a bit of coordination fine to get those gangly those bodies around tighter turns .
I don't know.
Don I ' t know .
I ' don t know .
MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is here.
MSU does a lot of EPM studies of because how common it is . here
MSU does a lot of EPM because studies how of common it is here .
You may want to see if you can get in touch with their EPM group and get this guy in a study.
You to may want see if you can get in with touch EPM their and group this get guy in a study .
You may want to see if you get can in touch their with EPM group get and this guy a in study .
I know they did lab work showing that Strongid C used daily could help prevent EPM.
I know they did lab work that showing Strongid C used could help daily prevent EPM .
I they know did lab work showing that C used Strongid could daily help EPM prevent .
I believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now, but it may be sometime before those results are released.
Believe they I a have real the testing study lab work in real world situations now , it but may sometime be before those results are released .
I believe they have a real study testing lab the work in world real situations now , it but may be sometime before those results released are .
Another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile?
Another thought with being this a season mosquito from could hell be it West Nile ?
Another thought this with being a mosquito season could from hell it West be Nile ?
West Nile can cause EPM like symptoms and doesn't always include a fever.
West Nile cause can symptoms EPM like doesn and ' t always include a fever .
Nile west cause can EPM like symptoms and doesn ' t a always include fever .
Let us know what you decide to do.
Let us know what you to decide . do
Us let know what decide you to do .
You hate to see talent get wasted, but honestly I don't think I could take in a horse right now these issues.
You hate to talent see , get wasted but honestly I ' don t I think could take in a horse right now these issues .
You to hate talent get see , wasted but honestly I don ' t think I in could take horse a right now these issues .
Personally I think you should just keep on walking by.
I personally you think should keep just on walking by .
Personally I you think should just keep on walking by .
You should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not.
Should have you chiro you out before you decide if you want this horse or not .
Should you have you chiro out before decide you if you want this or horse not .
If you have a good repoire (which I'm sure you do) with them, they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree... not really sure what you want to do with him...
You if a have good repoire ( which I ' m you sure do ) with them , they should honest be on if this horse is fixable any to degree . . . really not you sure what want do to him with . . .
If you a have good repoire ( which I ' m sure you ) do them with , they should be on honest if this horse is fixable any degree to . . . not sure really what you want with to do . him . .
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh, there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future.
If even you figure what can out is wrong with poor this poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again the in future .
Even you if can figure out what is wrong this with poor poneh there , is the always chance remission for then and you relapse so may have to do deal with again in the future .
So all in all, put the money up front before taking on this horse.
So all all in , the put money up front taking before on this . horse
So in all all , put money the front up before taking on this . horse
A few hundred out of pocket now will possibly save you thousands once the horse is in your name.
A hundred of few out pocket now will possibly save thousands you once the is horse in name your .
A hundred few out of now will pocket possibly you save thousands once the is horse your in name .
Could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy?
He could have had blow a the to head causing this atrophy ?
Could have had he blow a to the head causing this atrophy ?
Or a difficult birth?
Or a difficult ? birth
A or difficult birth ?
Was it always like this?
Was it like always this ?
Was it like always this ?
Or has it occurred since birth.
Or has it since occurred . birth
Has or it occurred birth since .
I also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke?
I also if wonder might he had have a slight stroke ?
I wonder also if might he have had a slight ? stroke
I think if you cannot afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect.
Think I you if cannot afford to get him treated that should you not consider him as prospect a .
Think I if cannot you afford to get him that treated you should not consider as him a prospect .
Who knows what the future might hold, and it might be expensive?
Who what knows the might future hold , and it be expensive might ?
What who knows the future might hold , and might it be ? expensive
Extremely bad customer service
Extremely bad service customer
Bad extremely customer service
Do not go to this salon, especially if you have to get your hair straightened.
Not do go to this salon , especially if have you to your hair get . straightened
Do not go to this , salon if especially have you to get hair your . straightened
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it didn't work for my hair.
They did very a bad job my with and hair were extremely rude I when back went to ask them didn why it ' t work for my hair .
They did a bad very with job my hair and extremely were rude I went when to back them why it ask didn ' t work for my hair .
Rude, insensitive, discourteous people!!!!!
, rude discourteous insensitive , people ! ! ! ! !
Rude , , discourteous insensitive ! people ! ! ! !
Great Doc
Doc great
Doc great
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor.
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck a from injury snowboard and was way that more a effective regular doctor .
Greenwalt fixed dr neck my from a snowboard injury and was way more a effective that regular doctor .
He didnt prescribe pain meds or other drugs, he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable.
Didnt he pain prescribe or meds other , drugs he used his bodytalk method which unusual is but the results are . undeniable
He didnt prescribe meds pain or other drugs he , used his method bodytalk which is unusual but the results undeniable are .
My neck is fixed!.
Neck my is fixed ! .
My is neck fixed ! .
He knows what hes doing.
He knows hes what doing .
Knows he what hes doing .
Our Wedding 11/7/08
Our 11 Wedding / 7 08 /
Our 11 Wedding / / 7 08
We just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed.
Just we had our wedding on 11 / 7 / and 08 very was . impressed
We just had our wedding 11 on / 7 / 08 and very was impressed .
Cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more.
And cj company all did that we and ask 10 times more .
And cj company all did that we and ask 10 times more .
The food was out standing.
The food was out . standing
The food was out . standing
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones.
If you a need cater is that affordable easy and to work with they are the ones .
If you need a cater is affordable that easy and to with work they the are ones .
Thanks again Saucey's.
Thanks again ' Saucey s .
Thanks Saucey again ' s .
Mark
Mark
Mark
Excellent Tattoo Shop
Excellent Shop Tattoo
Excellent Shop Tattoo
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier.
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and could I be not happier .
I got recently a tattoo done at Aztec and I could be not happier .
It came out better than I even imagined.
It out came than better I even imagined .
Came it out than better I even imagined .
The shop was great, the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys.
The shop great was the , service was excellent and employees the were fun . guys
Shop the was great , the service was the excellent and employees were fun . guys
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done.
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone to looking a quality get tattoo . done
Would I highly recommend shop this to anyone to looking get a tattoo quality done .
Good and Bad
Good Bad and
And good Bad
I had to take care of the ants myself.
I had take to of care the myself ants .
I to had take care of myself the ants .
But I found the location wonderful and the neighbors very kind.
But found I location the and wonderful the neighbors very kind .
But I found location the wonderful and the very neighbors . kind
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong.
Had never a problem with the and staff found them very when something helpful wrong went .
Had never a with problem the staff found and them very when something helpful went wrong .
Loved the pool and BBQ.
Loved the and pool BBQ .
Loved the pool and . BBQ
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star.
Because of the ants dropped I them to a 3 star .
Because the ants of I dropped them to a 3 . star
Great pet care
Great care pet
Pet great care
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs.
Have I used Just Family Like several times they now and have provided care great my for two dogs .
Have I used Just Family Like several times and have now they great provided care for my two dogs .
Lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals.
Is lynda professional has and great compassion animals for .
Is lynda professional and has compassion great animals for .
The real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her.
The real testament is not in much how she your likes animals how but much like they . her
The real testament is not in how much your she but likes animals how they much like her .
I highly recommend her.
I highly her recommend .
I recommend highly her .
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai, India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price.
I found Bright Star Tours Travels and Best and and Affordable Tour Operators Tours and Agents in Chennai , offered India me Student Tour India very Package less for price .
I found Star Bright Tours and Travels Best and Affordable and Tour Operators Tours and Agents Chennai in , India me offered Student Tour India Package for very less . price
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable.
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking adventure for and tour heritage India tours for valuable .
I enjoyed my tour and i for am looking tour adventure and India tours heritage valuable for .
Thanks for Bright Star Tours.
Thanks for Star Bright Tours .
For thanks Bright Star Tours .
these guys were fantastic!
these guys fantastic were !
these guys were ! fantastic
they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an hour.
They fixed my doors garage in literally less than an hour .
they fixed my garage in doors literally less than an hour .
the guy came on time and didn't take any breaks, he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly!
Guy the on came time and didn ' t take any , breaks he went straight to and work finished the efficiently job and promptly !
the guy time came on and didn ' take t breaks any , he went straight to and work the finished job and efficiently promptly !
i couldn't be more happier with the way my garage looks.
i couldn ' t be more with happier the way my garage . looks
Couldn I ' t be more with happier way the my looks garage .
GREAT JOB GUYS!
JOB GREAT GUYS !
GREAT GUYS JOB !
A+
+ a
+ a
I would rate Fran pcs an A+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great.
I would rate pcs A Fran an + the because price was everyone lower than , else got i computer my back next the day , and the professionalism he showed was great .
I would rate Fran an + pcs A because the price was lower than everyone else , i my got back computer next the and day , the he professionalism was showed great .
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer, i would recommend you go to him.
He the took time explain to things to me about my computer i , recommend would you go to him .
He took the time explain to things about to me my , computer would recommend i you go to him .
David
David
David
This office is awesome!
Office this is awesome !
Office this is awesome !
everyone here is super friendly and efficient!
is everyone here super friendly and efficient !
Here is everyone super friendly and efficient !
its great to know you can get great service, great product, and for the best price all in one!
its great know you to can get great service great , product , and best for the price in all one !
its great know to can you get great service , product great , for the and best price all in ! one
I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way!!
I ve ' referred everyone i here know and they all feel same the way ! !
' I referred ve everyone i know here they all and feel the way same ! !
i'll be coming back for years to come!
' I be ll coming back for years come to !
i ' ll coming be back for years ! to come
Criminal Attorney Dallas
Criminal Dallas Attorney
Attorney criminal Dallas
Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome.
Dallas Attorney Criminal Peter Barrett absolutely is to committed vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome .
Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter is Barrett absolutely to committed vigorously supporting rights your achieving a and successful outcome .
As a qualified criminal defense attorney, he will work every possible legal "angle" (leaving no stone unturned) of your case to achieve the most favorable result possible.
A as qualified criminal defense attorney , will he every work possible " legal " angle leaving ( no stone unturned ) of case your to achieve the most possible favorable result .
As a qualified criminal defense attorney he , will work every legal possible " angle " ( leaving stone no unturned of ) your to case the achieve favorable most result possible .
Food was cold
Was food cold
Food cold was
I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it.
Have I been here 3 to 4 times every time and food they served warmed up seems not after cooked order you it .
I have to been here 3 times 4 every and time food served they seems warmed not up cooked after you order it .
I like my food hot both ways not warm or cold.
I like my food hot ways not both or warm cold .
Like I my food hot both ways not or warm . cold
Price and taste is good.
And price taste is good .
Price taste and is good .
I will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot.
Will be I happy they if can serve when is food piping hot .
I happy will be if they can when serve food piping is hot .
KB
KB
KB
FAST and reasonable$
and FAST reasonable $
FAST reasonable and $
We went to Kobeys on Saturday and had our whole teams uniforms done!
We went to Kobeys on Saturday our and had whole teams uniforms done !
Went to we on Kobeys and Saturday had our whole teams uniforms done !
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch.
Was he than less half of the of price the quote cheapest got we , and work his was top notch .
He was than less half of the of price the cheapest quote got we , and work was his notch top .
Down to earth and fast service.
To down earth fast and service .
To down and earth fast service .
Going back to have some lab coats done this weekend!
Going back have some to coats lab done this weekend !
Going back to have lab coats some done this ! weekend
We love Little Farmer
We love Farmer Little
Love we Little Farmer
We attend LFTD and our children LOVE it!!
We attend and LFTD our children LOVE it ! !
We attend and LFTD our LOVE it children ! !
They even want to go to school on the weekends!!
Even they want go to to school on weekends the ! !
They want even go to to school on weekends the ! !
They are preparing my older son for kindergarten and looks forward to seeing his teacher and friends everyday.
They my are preparing older son kindergarten for looks and to forward seeing his teacher and friends everyday .
They are preparing my older son for looks and kindergarten forward seeing to his teacher friends and everyday .
My infant is content everyday when I drop off and pick up.
Infant my content is everyday I when drop off and pick up .
My infant is content everyday when I drop off pick and up .
PAT testing quick & efficient
Testing PAT quick & efficient
PAT quick testing & efficient
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment, and supplied a certificate for only 70p per unit.
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot to had come my premises and PAT tested my all Spill our The Whisky barn band dance equipment , and supplied certificate a for only 70p per unit .
Rang I PAT testing SRD and within hours 3 Scot had come to and my premises PAT tested my all our Spill Whisky The barn dance equipment band , and supplied a certificate for 70p only per unit .
Fantastic, quick and efficient service.
Fantastic , quick efficient and . service
, fantastic and quick efficient service .
How rare!
Rare how !
Rare how !
Well done.
Done well .
Well . done
My favorite florist!
My favorite ! florist
Favorite my florist !
I came to La Crosse to go to college, and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here.
I to came Crosse La to go to college , and my send mom me would birthday though flowers here .
I La came to Crosse to to go college , and mom would my send birthday me flowers though here .
They were beautiful and lasted forever!
They were and beautiful lasted ! forever
They beautiful were and lasted ! forever
Now that I live here, this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers!
Now that I live here , this my is favorite place to flowers grab friends for and coworkers !
That now live I here , is this my favorite place to flowers grab friends for and coworkers !
Hands down, best place in the area!
Hands down , place best the in area !
Down hands , best place the in area !
I <3 Max's
I < Max 3 ' s
I < Max 3 ' s
Excellent bagels and excellent service!
Excellent and bagels excellent service !
Excellent and bagels excellent service !
I go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at Max's are great!!
In I go about every to morning get for bagels myself or co my - workers and the employees Max at ' s are great ! !
Go I in about morning every to get bagels myself or for my co - workers and the at employees Max ' are s great ! !
They are friendly and fast.
They are and friendly fast .
Are they friendly and fast .
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings.
I never had have a problem their with because hours I go always during the mornings .
I have had never a problem with their hours because I always during go mornings the .
They are great!
They great are !
They are ! great
prepared the road test with a driving ... prepared the road test with a driving school in edmonton, but my instructor only trained me in a narrow street, hence I took one 90 minute lesson from the Noble driving school to learn the skill of changing lane, and found them very friendly and professional.
the prepared road with test a driving . . . prepared the road test with a driving school in edmonton , my but instructor only trained me in a narrow , street hence I took one 90 minute from lesson the Noble driving school to learn skill the of changing lane , found them and very friendly and professional .
prepared the road test with a . driving . . prepared road the test with a school driving edmonton in , but my instructor only trained me a in narrow street hence , I took one 90 minute from lesson the Noble driving school to the learn skill changing of lane and , found them very friendly and professional .
Great Doctor!
Doctor great !
Doctor great !
Dr. Faris is a great doctor!
Dr . Faris is great doctor a !
. dr Faris is a doctor great !
I would recommend him to anyone.
Would I him recommend to anyone .
I recommend would to him anyone .
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit.
Was I severe experiencing back pain to the point I could barely walk bare or even sit to .
I was severe experiencing back pain the to point I could barely walk even or bare to sit .
I went from a pain scale of 8-9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later!!
I from a went pain scale 8 of - 9 0 and to I was able to run in the Crim just a later week ! !
I went from a pain scale of 8 - to 9 0 and I was able to in the run Crim just later a ! week !
happy customer
customer happy
customer happy
Mr. Squeege is THE BEST.
Mr . Squeege THE is . BEST
. mr is Squeege THE BEST .
Prompt, Clean Windows.
Prompt , Windows Clean .
, prompt Clean Windows .
Affordable pricing.
Pricing affordable .
Pricing affordable .
Friendly responses.
Friendly . responses
Responses friendly .
How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort?
How else can excellent be for described a of business this ? sort
Else how can excellent be for described a of business this sort ?
They have been my only "go-to" resource since we first did business together.
They have been my only " - go " to resource since first did we business . together
Have they been my " only go - to " since resource we first did business together .
You will find the same to be true for you.
You will find the same to be true for . you
You find will same the be to true for you .
Fantastic Place to buy your next vehicle
Fantastic Place to buy next vehicle your
Place fantastic to your buy next vehicle
We have never had a bad experience buying from Edmark.
We never have had a experience buying bad from Edmark .
We have never a had experience bad from buying Edmark .
This is car number 3 we've purchased through them.
This is number 3 car we ' purchased ve through them .
Is this car number 3 ' we ve purchased them through .
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs!
We and trust appreciate Larson and Scott that know he will take always good care us of and listen to our needs !
We trust appreciate and Scott Larson know that and will he always take good of care us and listen our to needs !
Thank you again for great customer service!
You thank again for great service customer !
You thank for again great customer service !
Range Rover Sport Window Tints
Range Rover Window Sport Tints
Range Sport Rover Window Tints
Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltd, did a very Professional job very quick, no fuss, deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home,Great arrangement Great price!!
Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltd , did a very Professional job quick , very fuss no deliverd , the to car and me I him drove back home , Great Great price ! arrangement !
Mark at Nationwidetints Tintman Ltd did , very a job Professional very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to and me him I back drove Great home , arrangement Great price ! !
Highly recommended!!
Recommended highly ! !
Highly ! recommended !
Thanks Mark.
Mark thanks .
Mark thanks .
Steve.... proud Range Rover Sport owner (with rear tints)
. steve . . . proud Range Rover owner ( Sport with tints rear )
. steve . . proud . Range owner Rover Sport ( with rear tints )
In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Don't get jack by big companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list Thanks
In hard this economic is times very important save to money Very reasonable top prices quality work The owner he operator does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this guys this Don ' get t jack by big companies that they pay alot of money be to on top of Thanks the list
This in hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices quality top work owner operator The he all does the the work with Helpers very friendly definitely recommend I this this guys Don ' t get jack by companies that big pay they alot of money to be on top of the list Thanks
Great pub
Pub great
Pub great
Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant.
A had meal in this and pub i have to say it was excellant .
Had a meal in pub this and have i say to it excellant was .
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area.
It has to one be the of nicest pubs have that been i into a in long time , the decor is and nice it has a really garden nice a and lovely decking . area
Has it to one be of the pubs nicest i have that been into in long a time , the decor is nice and it has really a nice garden and lovely a decking area .
Good beer good service and what more could you want.
Beer good good service what and could more you want .
Beer good good service and what could more want you .
awful awful awful
awful awful awful
Awful awful awful
This store is by far the worst Verizon store I've been in.
This is store by far the worst Verizon store I ' been ve in .
This by store far is the worst Verizon I store ' ve been in .
The salespeople are never available, the lines are always too long, and all the people want is a sale.
The are salespeople never available , the lines are too always long , all and the people want a is sale .
Salespeople the are never available the , lines are too always , long and all the people want is a sale .
Incredibly rude and I will not return to it.
Incredibly rude and I not to will return it .
Rude incredibly and will I return not to it .
Is there no other Verizon to go to around Downtown/Dupont Circle1?!?!?
There is no Verizon to other go around to / Downtown Dupont Circle1 ? ! ? ! ?
Is there Verizon no other go to around to Downtown / Circle1 Dupont ? ! ? ! ?
Great graphic design work!
Graphic great design work !
Graphic great design work !
Fresh Design Studio helped jump-start my own business by providing affordable and effective marketing materials: logo, flyers, posters ad design, and more.
Design fresh Studio jump helped - my start business providing own by affordable and effective marketing materials : logo , flyers , posters design ad , and . more
Design fresh Studio jump helped - start my own business by providing affordable effective and materials marketing logo : , flyers , ad design posters , and . more
They have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time.
They unbeatable have price in town and deliver on time .
Have they unbeatable price in deliver town and on time .
I enjoy working with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to anyone.
I working enjoy with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to . anyone
Enjoy I working with this architectural and graphic design firm and will to recommend anyone .
Great Surgeon
Surgeon great
Surgeon great
I needed wisdom teeth taken out.
Needed I wisdom taken teeth out .
I needed wisdom teeth taken out .
Dr. Wallen and staff was excellent.
Dr Wallen . and staff excellent was .
. dr and Wallen staff was excellent .
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery.
Were with they accomdating my scheduled and work my with insurance to get payment for surgery the .
Were they accomdating with my and scheduled work with insurance my to payment get for surgery the .
Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me.
Dr . Wallen the explained procedure in and detail took his with me time .
. dr Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took time his with me .
Staff explained insurance procedures and was very helpful.
Staff insurance explained procedures and very was helpful .
Staff explained and insurance procedures was very helpful .
Everyone was very nice.
Everyone very was nice .
Was everyone very nice .
The best in the area!
The best in the ! area
The in best the area !
I've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by far the best.
I ' ve been to quite a tattoo few shops around area this and Steel Stainless is by far best the .
' I ve been to quite a tattoo shops few around this area and Stainless Steel by far is the . best
I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them.
Am I very with pleased the tattoos that I from revived them .
I am very pleased with the that tattoos I from them revived .
The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable.
The artwork is excellent and the prices are reasonable very .
The artwork is and the excellent prices very are reasonable .
I would recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo.
I would recommend this shop to anyone to looking get a tattoo .
I recommend would this shop to looking anyone to get a . tattoo
Cathy ******Five Stars for Lake Forest Tots.
* cathy * * * * * for Five Stars Lake Forest . Tots
Cathy * * * * * * Stars Five for Lake Forest . Tots
The program has been a postive experience for my children.
The has program been a postive experience for my children .
The program been has a postive for experience children my .
I have had all three of my children attend Lake Forest Tots.
I have had all my three of attend children Lake Forest Tots .
I had have all three of my Lake children attend Forest Tots .
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers, the programs and the director.
Program is the well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the and programs the . director
The is established program well and we have extremely been with satisfied the teachers , the programs and director the .
Good job, Lake Forest Tots!
Good job Lake Forest , Tots !
Good , job Forest Lake Tots !
Great Wine & Service
Wine great & Service
Wine great & Service
This place is so great!
Place this is so great !
Place this is so great !
They have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices.
They have great a of selection wine from over all world the all with different prices .
Have they a great selection wine of from all over the world all with different prices .
The employees make you feel very comfortable and are very helpful, whether you are very knowledgeable or don't know anything at all about wine.
The employees make you feel very comfortable and helpful are whether very , you are very knowledgeable or don ' t at know anything all about wine .
Make the employees very you feel comfortable and very are helpful you , whether are very knowledgeable or don ' know t anything at all about wine .
Check out their wine tastings every Friday night!
Check out their every wine tastings Friday night !
Check out wine their tastings every night Friday !
A+
+ a
+ a
Excellent customer service and honest feedback.
Customer excellent service and feedback honest .
Excellent customer service and . honest feedback
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death!
The at team Bradley Chevron kept my car running well for past its expected death !
The team Bradley at Chevron my kept car for running past well its expected death !
They are honest about 'immediate' concerns versus 'recommended' repairs and have very fair prices.
They are honest about immediate ' ' versus concerns ' recommended ' and repairs have prices very fair .
Are they honest about ' immediate ' concerns versus ' recommended ' and repairs very have fair prices .
Such a convenient location as well with coffee shop and bradley food and beverage right around corner.
Such convenient a as location well with and coffee shop bradley food and right beverage around corner .
Such a convenient location as well with coffee and shop food and bradley right beverage corner around .
Needs to go out of business
Needs to go out business of
Needs to go out business of
They close whenever they feel like it, often well before their listed closing time.
Close they whenever they feel it like often , well their before listed closing time .
Close they whenever they feel like it often , well before listed their time closing .
Their store is dusty, dirty and feels like you're stepping into the 1970s.
Is their store dusty dirty , and feels like you ' re stepping into the 1970s .
Their store dusty is , dirty feels and like re you ' stepping into 1970s the .
They don't take coupons.
They don ' take t . coupons
Don ' they t take coupons .
They have a credit card minimum.
They have credit a card . minimum
Have they a credit card . minimum
This place is the opposite of QuikTrip: crappy in every way.
This place is the opposite of : QuikTrip crappy in every way .
Place this is the opposite of QuikTrip : crappy every way in .
Where else can you go for $10 and recieve this treatment?!
Where else you can go for 10 $ and recieve this treatment ? !
Else where can go for you 10 $ and recieve this treatment ? !
Awesome haircut at awesome price right here in Palatine!
Awesome at haircut awesome price here right Palatine in !
Haircut awesome at price awesome right here in ! Palatine
Who can pass up a hot towel and a straight edge neck shave!
Can who pass up hot towel a and a straight edge shave neck !
Who can up pass a hot towel and a edge neck straight ! shave
I've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons/barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut!
' I 2 ve had cuts now from Georgia and have paid in more salons other / barbershops and received have not this kind of treatment cut or !
' I had ve 2 cuts from now Georgia have and in paid more salons other / barbershops and not have received this kind of treatment or cut !
Baffled by the one-star reviews
Baffled by the one - star reviews
Baffled by one the - reviews star
I don't get it.
I don ' t it . get
Don I ' t it get .
This place is awesome, with a great ambiance and cool dcor, and the food is scrumptious (and especially their signature banana split).
This is place , awesome with a ambiance great and dcor cool , and the food scrumptious is ( and especially their signature banana ) split .
This place is , awesome a with great ambiance cool and dcor , the and food is scrumptious ( and especially their signature banana split ) .
Sure, some items are a little pricey, but c'mon... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before?
, sure some are items pricey a little , c but ' mon . . have . you been ever out to eat in Seattle ? before
Some sure , are items a pricey little but , c ' . mon . . have ever you been to out eat in Seattle before ?
I've only had good experiences at Adorn, I was greeted and offered a refreshment.
Ve I ' only had good at experiences Adorn , I was greeted and offered a refreshment .
I ' ve had only experiences good Adorn at , I was greeted and offered refreshment . a
I highly recommend Debi, she does an amazing job, I "love" the way she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect.
Highly I recommend , Debi she does an , amazing job I " love " way the my she cuts hair , extremely thorough cross and her checks work to make sure hair my is perfect .
I highly recommend Debi , does she an amazing job I , " " love way the she cuts , my hair extremely thorough and cross checks work her to sure make my hair is perfect .
I always leave loving my hair style.
I leave always my loving hair style .
Always I leave loving hair my style .
Best Chineese food in the area
Best Chineese food the in area
Best Chineese food in area the
The food here is fresh and hot out of the Wok.
Food here the is fresh and hot out of Wok the .
The food here is fresh and hot out of Wok the .
The food is cooked fast by the two chefs on duty.
The food is fast cooked the by chefs two on duty .
Food the is cooked fast the by two on chefs duty .
The lunch specials are more food than most people can eat for about $6.
Lunch the specials are food more most than people can for eat about $ 6 .
The specials lunch are more than food most people can eat for about $ 6 .
It is busy every day at lunch for a reason, the service is fast and the food is great.
It busy is every day at lunch for reason a , the service fast is and the is food great .
It is busy every lunch day for at a reason , service the fast is and the is food great .
Pure Pilates!!
Pilates pure ! !
Pilates pure ! !
It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else.
It is the real thing - I have been Pilates practicing over 7 for years and would go not anywhere else .
Is it the real thing - I been have practicing for Pilates over 7 and years not would anywhere go else .
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others.
It is attention the detail and to the quality of the taught work at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from others the .
It is the attention and to detail the of quality the taught work TomiPilates at that sets this studio apart from the others .
The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients.
The teachers are highly trained and are at expert all handling types clients . of
Teachers the are highly trained and are expert handling at all types of clients .
I phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end(as our building contractor carried out the electrical work), they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using PJC as our electrical maintenance contractor.
I phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use in them end the ( as building our contractor carried the out electrical work ) , they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone and call subsequently we are now using PJC as our maintenance electrical contractor .
Phoned I this company for advice our on office refurb and although we did not use them in the ( end as building our carried contractor out the electrical work ) , they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour call phone and subsequently are we now using as our PJC maintenance electrical contractor .
Thoroughly recommended
Recommended thoroughly
Recommended thoroughly
They really go above and beyond!
Really they go above beyond and !
They go really above and ! beyond
For example, I actually forgot to feed my cat, and they went out of their way to take care of him.
Example for , I to actually forgot my feed cat , they and went out of their to way take care him of .
Example for I , actually forgot feed to my cat , they and went out of their way to take care him of .
Additionally, when there was confusion (my fault), they left me flowers along with a personalized gift.
Additionally , when there confusion was ( fault my ) , they me left along with flowers a gift personalized .
Additionally , when was there ( confusion my fault ) , they flowers left me with along personalized a gift .
They have been 100% reliable and professional.
Have they been 100 % reliable professional and .
They have been 100 % and professional reliable .
Definitely recommend!
Recommend definitely !
Recommend definitely !
heating system Angels
heating Angels system
heating Angels system
seriously, can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without heat?
, seriously can imagine you to live having through these last few nights without heat ?
seriously , can imagine you to having live through these last few nights without heat ?
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i aint haves much monies fo repairs round the House....
I would had have because to the with economy the way it is i aint monies haves repairs much fo the round House . . . .
Would I had have because to the with economy way the it i is aint haves much monies repairs fo the round House . . . .
Comfort zone came out and did my house heat on the cheap.
Comfort came zone out did and my heat house on the cheap .
Zone comfort out came and did my house heat the on cheap .
and it works!
it and works !
and works it !
Thank you Comfort Zone
Thank you Zone Comfort
Thank you Zone Comfort
Slowest, Unfriendly Sstaff on Weekends
Slowest , Unfriendly on Sstaff Weekends
Slowest , Sstaff Unfriendly on Weekends
There are three Starbucks locations that I frequent.
Are three there Starbucks locations that I frequent .
There are three Starbucks locations I frequent that .
I have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly line.
I have a bit of experience the usual watching line assembly .
I have a bit of experience the usual watching line assembly .
I also understand that weekend staffs are different than daytime staffs and not necessarily Starbucks A-team or even full-time.
Also I understand weekend that staffs are daytime different than and staffs not necessarily Starbucks A - team full or even - time .
I also understand weekend that staffs are different than staffs daytime and necessarily not Starbucks A or - team even full - time .
But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER.
But this location has worst I the weekend staff ' ve seen EVER .
But this location has the staff worst weekend I ve ' seen . EVER
Skip te rest - this is the best
Skip te rest - is this best the
Skip te rest - is this best the
Absolutely great !
Great absolutely !
Absolutely ! great
Clean, updated room, friendly staff, safe location.
Clean , , updated room friendly staff , safe . location
, clean updated , room staff friendly , safe location .
Staff is super friendly, treat you as a friend.
Staff is super , friendly treat you as . a friend
Staff super is friendly , treat you a as . friend
Cannot ask for a better experience.
Cannot for ask a experience better .
Ask cannot for a better . experience
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near.
Be will here staying any and every time I anywhere come near .
Will be and staying here any every time I come anywhere near .
Overall, Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot.
Overall , Joe happy is a who camper found has a great spot .
Overall , is Joe happy a camper has who a found great spot .
PHOTOS DONE WELL
DONE PHOTOS WELL
DONE PHOTOS WELL
I Love Hellada Gallery!
Love I Hellada Gallery !
Love I Hellada Gallery !
Marek Dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business - If you are into old fashion (Not Digital) quality photography this is best place in Long Beach as I think not many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore I know Marek personaly and I will always recommend him
Marek Dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business - If are you into old fashion ( Not Digital ) quality photography this best is place in Long Beach as think not I many folks can do affordable anymore traditional photos I know personaly Marek and will always I him recommend
Marek Dzida owner the and photographer puts whole heart in business his - If you are old into fashion ( Not Digital ) quality photography is this best place Long in Beach as I not think many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore I personaly know Marek and I will always recommend him
BAD COFFEE, DONT BOTHER!
COFFEE BAD , DONT BOTHER !
BAD COFFEE , BOTHER DONT !
Can't you make a decent cup of coffee?
' can t you make decent a cup coffee of ?
Can ' t make you a decent of cup ? coffee
You charge SO MUCH, yet you use the same grounds over and over again.
You SO charge MUCH , you yet use the same over grounds over and again .
You charge SO MUCH , you yet use the same over grounds and over again .
The coffee taste BURNT and very bitter.
Coffee the BURNT taste and very bitter .
Coffee the taste BURNT and very . bitter
No amount of sugar and milk can mask it.
Amount no of sugar and can milk it mask .
Amount no of sugar and milk mask can . it
CHANGE THE PROCESS, PPL!
THE CHANGE PROCESS , PPL !
CHANGE PROCESS THE , PPL !
Westfield and Rt 1 do it well, WHY CANT U????
Westfield and Rt do 1 it well , CANT WHY U ? ? ? ?
Westfield and 1 Rt it do , well WHY CANT ? U ? ? ?
Home made product
Made home product
Home product made
I sometimes go into this store just for something to do on a sunday afternoon.
I sometimes go into store this just for something to on a do sunday . afternoon
I go sometimes into this store just something for to do on afternoon a sunday .
I love the people, the product and the service!
The I love people , the product the and service !
Love I the people the product , and the service !
Nothing compares to a home made product that really stands the test of time. -
Compares nothing a to made home product that really the stands test of time . -
Nothing to compares a home product made really stands that the test of time . -
The Brick, Ikea, and Leon's have their place.
Brick the , , and Ikea Leon ' s have their place .
Brick the , , Ikea Leon and ' s have their place .
But furniture like this will truly be around forever.
But like this furniture will truly be around . forever
Furniture but like this truly be will around forever .
The internet here is terrible.
Internet the here is terrible .
Internet the here is terrible .
Like the previous poster said, the com lines are split between the entire building.
The like previous said poster , com the are lines split between the entire building .
Like the previous poster said the , lines com are between split entire the building .
That's 3x worse than Qwest DSL's lowest speed offering!
' that s 3x worse Qwest DSL than s ' lowest speed offering !
That ' 3x s worse Qwest DSL than ' lowest s speed offering !
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice, but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap.
Appearance the outward makes you think this nice place is , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .
The outward appearance makes you think this is place nice , inside but everything is cheap cheap cheap .
Moving out as soon as our lease is up.
Moving out as soon as lease our is up .
Moving out as soon our as is lease . up
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png
: http / www / . speedtest net . / result / 1155244347 png .
: http / www / . speedtest . net / result / . png 1155244347
Awesome!!!!
! awesome ! ! !
! awesome ! ! !
Yes my G1 screen is back working.
Yes my screen G1 is back . working
Yes my G1 screen is back working .
They was about to Charge me $129...
They about was Charge me to $ 129 . . .
Was they to about Charge $ me 129 . . .
But i paid $100.
I but paid $ 100 .
I but paid $ 100 .
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile...
they save from me to having deal Tmobile with . . .
they save me from having deal to with Tmobile . . .
Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i didn't want to go thru that...
Tmobile Send want to my of phone and i didn ' t to want go thru that . . .
Want tmobile to of Send my phone i and didn ' t want go to thru that . . .
3 Days For get that...
3 Days that For get . . .
3 For Days that get . . .
Great service.
Great . service
Great . service
I would recommend them to anyone..
Would I recommend them anyone to . .
Would I recommend to them anyone . .
Great out night!
Great out ! night
Out great night !
You can't go wrong with Tuesday prices, even if you get quite the mixed bag of comedians!
You can ' t go wrong with prices Tuesday , if you get even quite the mixed of bag ! comedians
You ' can t go with wrong Tuesday prices , if even you get quite the mixed bag of ! comedians
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu, although popcorn is a nice touch!
Extensive drink and list daily specials but wish had they a bit their more on menu food , although popcorn is a nice touch !
Extensive drink and list daily but specials they wish had a more bit on their menu food although , popcorn is nice a touch !
(other items: chicken fingers, wings, asian pizza, and yam and regular fries)
( items : other chicken fingers , , wings asian pizza , and and yam fries regular )
( other items : fingers , chicken wings , pizza asian , yam and and fries regular )
Their food and sweets are awesome.
Food their and are sweets awesome .
Their food sweets and awesome are .
But service is very poor.
But service is poor very .
But service very is poor .
Attitude of staff very bad.
Attitude of staff bad very .
Attitude of staff very . bad
Never gives a receipt.
Gives never a receipt .
Never a gives receipt .
Sometimes even gives wrong dish.
Sometimes even gives dish wrong .
Sometimes even wrong gives dish .
So confused at the payment area.
Confused so at payment the area .
So at confused the payment . area
Line up is so stupid.
Line up is stupid so .
Line up is stupid so .
Even if you line up.
If even you line up .
Even if line you up .
To make a order you may have to go to back of line.
To a make order may you have to go to back of line .
Make to a order you may have to go back to of line .
And then wait again.
Then and wait again .
Then and wait again .
Not organised.
Not . organised
Organised not .
Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and ive been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !
Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i my had hair cut and colored at another salon i felt confident more and the girls are fantastic and ive going been there now for years always 2 happy they and care about my hair my had hair done for my looked wedding it ! fabolous
Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had hair my cut and colored at salon another i felt confident and more the girls are fantastic and ive been going there now for 2 years always happy they and care my about hair had my hair done for my it wedding fabolous looked !
and there prices are really good!
prices and there are really good !
and there prices really good are !
Best food in northeast
Best in food northeast
Best food northeast in
Theres a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon.
A theres reason why Frank mcclelland was best named chef the north of east reigon .
Theres reason a Frank why mcclelland was best named of chef the north east reigon .
Food here is absolutely superb.
Here food is absolutely superb .
Here food is absolutely superb .
Everything is delicous and cooked perfectly.
Everything delicous is cooked and perfectly .
Everything is and delicous perfectly cooked .
The waiting staff is beyond impeccable (they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom).
The staff is impeccable waiting beyond ( they refold your when napkin you go to the bathroom ) .
Waiting the staff is beyond ( impeccable they refold your napkin when you to the go ) bathroom .
If you want great food then L'espalier is the place to go.
You if want great food then ' L espalier place is the to go .
You if want great L food then ' espalier the is place to go .
I didn't end up buying my car here, but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me.
I didn ' t end up buying my car here , I did but think the guy who worked with me was cool pretty he - was to willing budge little a the on price which a means lot to me .
Didn I ' t up end buying my here car , but I did think the guy who with worked me was pretty cool - he was willing budge to a on little the which price means a lot to . me
Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance tasks for free, even if you didn't buy your car there!
Also they will your with fill tires and air other small tasks maintenance free for , even if you didn ' t buy your car there !
Also will they fill with your tires air and maintenance other tasks small for , free even you if didn ' t buy your car there !
The Best Deals in Town
The Deals Best in Town
The Best Deals Town in
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY, make sure you stop by Jack-s first.
You before ANYTHING buy in NY , make sure you stop by Jack s - first .
Before you ANYTHING buy NY in , make sure you stop Jack by s first - .
Their selection is random, so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store.
Selection their is random , what so they have on a given week might be never again available at the store .
Selection their is , so random they what have on a given week might never available be at again the store .
I love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances.
I love for discounted it beauty items and household . appliances
I love discounted for it beauty items and household appliances .
Trust me, you go there once and you-ll always go back!
Me trust , you go and there once - you ll always go back !
Me trust , go there you once and you ll - always go back !
First Time Ballerina
First Ballerina Time
First Ballerina Time
My daughter is starting ballet this year for the first time.
Daughter my starting is ballet this year for first the time .
My is daughter starting ballet year this for the first . time
I'ma soccer mom so I wasn't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear.
I ' ma so soccer mom wasn I ' t sure what I was looking for when it comes to . dancewear
' I ma soccer so mom I wasn ' t sure I what looking was for it when comes to . dancewear
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina.
The staff was very and helpful gave me exactly I what needed for my time first ballerina .
The staff was helpful very and me gave exactly what I needed first for time my ballerina .
The service at Instep was great!!
Service the at was Instep great ! !
The service Instep at great was ! !
I would recommend them to anyone!
I them would recommend to anyone !
Would I recommend them anyone to !
Outstanding service & quality at a very affordable price!
Outstanding service & quality at very price a affordable !
Outstanding service & a quality at affordable very price !
This place is top notch and highly affordable!
This place is notch top highly and affordable !
This is place top notch highly and affordable !
I would recommend it hands down and am a loyal customer.
I recommend would it hands down and am a loyal customer .
I recommend would hands it down and am a loyal . customer
I've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased!
I also ' ve sent over a number friends of to use the services here and is everyone extraordinarily pleased !
I ' also ve sent over a of number friends use to the here services and is everyone extraordinarily ! pleased
Thanks for doing such great work on my important pieces of clothing that always look great!
Thanks for such doing work great on pieces my of important clothing that always look great !
For thanks doing such work great on my pieces important of clothing that always look great !
Tried Crust on Broad on 3 occasions.
Tried Crust on on Broad 3 . occasions
Crust tried on Broad on occasions 3 .
Twice for dinner and once for lunch Absolutely rude service every time!
Dinner twice for and once for Absolutely lunch rude service every time !
Twice for dinner and once for lunch Absolutely rude every service time !
The staff will not even answer the phone for take out.
The will staff not even answer phone for the take out .
The staff will not answer even the phone take out for .
Tonight, I called several times with no answer (Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm) and finally drove there to place my order in person.
, tonight I several called times with no answer ( Btwn : 5 and 30 pm 6 ) finally and drove there to place my in order . person
Tonight , I called times several with no answer ( 5 Btwn : 30 pm and 6 ) and finally there drove place to order in my person .
There was not a customer to be found.
Was there not a to customer be found .
Was there a not customer to be found .
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained.
purchased we a home new was but unable to sell our old house so we contacted management this property company and they have us quickly helped rent house out our and it keep maintained .
purchased we a new home but was to unable old sell our house so contacted we this property management company and have they helped us quickly out rent our house keep and it maintained .
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires.
Then since we decided have to have them manage other our investment properties as well we as getting older and can no perform longer all inquires the .
Then since we decided have to have them our manage other investment properties as well as we getting older and can longer no perform all the inquires .
Great help!
Great ! help
Great ! help
We just got our sunroom built by Patio World and can say that I'm extremely happy with the whole thing.
We got our just built sunroom Patio by World can and say that I m ' extremely happy with the whole thing .
Just we got our built sunroom Patio by World and can say that I ' extremely m happy the with thing whole .
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote, to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself.
From the amount time of with spent us to explain things quote during the initial , to communication the through the approval process to actual the workmanship of the build itself .
The from amount of time with spent us to explain during things quote the initial , to the communication the through process approval the to workmanship actual of the build itself .
I have nothing bad to say.
I have nothing bad to say .
I nothing have to bad say .
Very glad that we went with them.
Glad very that we with went them .
Very glad that we went with them .
No Customer Service
No Service Customer
Customer no Service
Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other, while myself and other customers were completely ignored.
Employees seemed be to having a good chatting time and each laughing with other , myself while and customers other were ignored completely .
Seemed to employees be having a good time and chatting with laughing each other , while and myself other were customers completely . ignored
Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales persons attention.
Person another the in stood there store with an repeatedly item and tried to get a sales persons attention .
Person another the in store there stood with an item and repeatedly to tried get a persons sales . attention
It wasn't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you.
Wasn it ' until t he gave up and out walked the door that someone asked I Can you . help
Wasn it ' t until gave he up and out walked the that door someone Can asked I you help .
do NOT bring your car here
do bring NOT your car here
do NOT bring car your here
I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station.
Got I a from coupon Pennysaver for this . station
A I got coupon from Pennysaver for this . station
Yes, they accepted it.
, yes they accepted it .
Yes , they it accepted .
However, during the test, they did whatever they can to get my test failed.
However during , the test , they did whatever they to can my test get . failed
However , the during test they did , whatever they to can get my test . failed
Then, they sold me overpriced stuffs, such as oil tank cap, so that my car can pass it right away.
Then , sold they overpriced me stuffs , such oil as tank cap , so that my car can it right pass away .
Then , sold they me stuffs overpriced such , oil as tank cap , so my that car can pass right away it .
I ended up paying much more.
I ended up paying much more .
I ended up paying much more .
Are you kidding me?
You are kidding me ?
Are kidding you me ?
I don't get it.
Don ' I t get it .
Don I ' t it get .
Spongy and sweet bread (microwaved?), heartless salsa, tiny dogs...
Spongy and sweet ( bread microwaved ? ) , heartless salsa , tiny dogs . . .
Sweet and spongy bread ( ? microwaved ) , heartless salsa , dogs tiny . . .
You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt.
Order you at counter the there and is a space tip for on your credit receipt card .
You at order the and counter space there is a for tip on your credit card receipt .
The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude.
The who grills dude retarded the dogs is rude .
The who dude grills the retarded rude dogs is .
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer, I am outta here...
If this the is best Tucson that to has , offer I outta am here . . .
Is if this the best that Tucson offer has to , I outta am here . . .
I called on a Friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache.
I on called a Friday at 12 : complaining 30 a of severe . toothache
I called on a : Friday at 12 30 complaining of severe a toothache .
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday.
Dr Obina . me told that office his closed noon at and I that should call on him Monday .
Dr Obina told . that me his closed office at noon and that I call should on him Monday .
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc.
Had I a been patient of Dr Olbina . for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on etc crowns .
I been had a of patient Dr . Olbina for 9 years had and thousands of spent dollars on crowns . etc
There are plenty of good dentists in Fernandina.
There are of plenty dentists good in Fernandina .
There are of good plenty dentists in Fernandina .
Don't go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry.
Don ' t go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry .
Don ' t to go Amelia Dentistry Gentle .
Good location
Location good
Location good
For a hotel like this you would expect some form of free internet.
Hotel for a like this would you expect some form of internet free .
For a like hotel this would you expect form some free of internet .
What you get is a $13/day charge to access the internet through a slow 512/512kb/s that you can only use to check email etc (Read: No downloading).
You what get a is $ 13 day / to access charge the internet a through slow 512 / 512kb / s that you only can use to check email etc ( : Read No downloading ) .
What you is get a $ 13 / to day charge access the through internet slow a 512 / 512kb s / you that can only to use check etc email ( Read : downloading No ) .
Other than that the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great
Other than the that hotel is in a good location the breakfast and great is
Other than that the hotel is in good a location and the breakfast great is
Make You Feel Like a Number
Make You Feel Like Number a
Make You Feel Like Number a
Stay away from Kids First West Chester.
Stay away from Kids First West Chester .
Stay from away Kids First West . Chester
You NEVER get a human on the phone.
You NEVER get a human on the phone .
You NEVER get a human on the phone .
It's impossible to get an appointment.
It ' s to impossible an get appointment .
' it s impossible to get an . appointment
If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule... for 6 weeks later.
If get you caught traffic in and are couple a minutes late make they you re - schedule . . for 6 . later weeks .
You if get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re - schedule . . . for 6 weeks later .
And worst of all your child feels like a number not a patient.
And of worst child all your like feels a number not a patient .
And worst of your all child feels like number a a not . patient
Go somewhere else.
Somewhere go else .
Somewhere go else .
Rcommended by bees, too!
By rcommended bees , too !
Rcommended by , bees too !
Highly recommended.
Highly . recommended
Recommended highly .
Joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt, friendly and informative service.
Joe removed a wasp nest our for condominium building and we appreciated the friendly environmentally method and prompt , and friendly service . informative
Removed joe a wasp for nest our condominium and building we appreciated the environmentally friendly and prompt method , friendly informative and . service
No spraying of pesticides!
No of spraying pesticides !
Spraying no of pesticides !
Very professional.
Professional very .
Very . professional
Reasonable rate.
Rate reasonable .
Reasonable . rate
We highly recommend Joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condos.
Highly we recommend and Joe his wasp removal service to individual home and owners . condos
We highly recommend Joe his and wasp service to individual removal home owners and condos .
He knows his bees!
Knows he his bees !
He knows bees his !
Suzanne, Vancouver
, suzanne Vancouver
, suzanne Vancouver
Very Accomodating
Accomodating very
Accomodating very
We were in Springfield, IL for a family funeral from Kansas City.
We were in Springfield , for IL family a from funeral Kansas . City
We were Springfield in , IL a for family from funeral City Kansas .
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in.
Arrived we the early and staff very was accomodating to our families and situation the we were in .
We early arrived the and staff was very to our accomodating families and the situation we in were .
The rooms were very clean, including the microwave and refrigerator.
The rooms very were clean , the microwave including and refrigerator .
Rooms the were very clean , microwave including the and refrigerator .
This is a nice place, and I know we will return to meet my sister-in-law from Chicago!!
This is nice a place and , I we know to will return meet sister my - in - from law Chicago ! !
Is this a nice place , and I know we will return to my sister meet in - - from law Chicago ! !
GREAT SERVICE AND PEOPLE!!
GREAT SERVICE PEOPLE AND ! !
GREAT SERVICE AND ! PEOPLE !
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great!!!
Deb is Watson the person contact she and and the rest of the staff were ! great ! !
Watson deb is the contact person she and rest and the of the staff were ! great ! !
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question.
She to continues help me when even needed if I a service have question .
She continues to me help needed when if even I have service a question .
Since I'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed.
Since I ' usually m work at late Deb has around to stayed help me out when . needed
Since I ' m usually at late work has Deb stayed around help out to me when needed .
This was after I brought the car!!!!!
After this I was brought the car ! ! ! ! !
After this was brought I the car ! ! ! ! !
Service does not get any better!!!!
Service not does any get ! better ! ! !
Service not does any better get ! ! ! !
Hidden Gem in Alpharetta
Gem hidden in Alpharetta
Hidden in Gem Alpharetta
This French born, French trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh, locally sourced, fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations.
Born this French , French trained chef and his partners creative offer a taste fresh , locally sourced , fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely locations of .
This french born French , trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh locally , sourced fabulously , prepared food in unlikely the most of . locations
Try their weekend "tastings" which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list.
Their weekend try " tastings which " can you learn about by on getting their weekly email list .
Try weekend their " tastings " you which can learn about by on getting their email weekly . list
It's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta.
It s ' the meal best the for you money will find in of all metro Atlanta .
' it s the best meal for money the will you find all in metro of Atlanta .
Le petit is the best place to get your nails done!
Le is petit the best place to your get nails ! done
Petit le is the best place to your get nails ! done
It is very clean, staff is friendly, and I have never waited!
It is clean very , staff friendly is and I , have never waited !
It is clean very , staff is friendly , and I have waited never !
I go every other week for the shallac/gel manicure which is only $25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks!
Every I go other week the for shallac / gel manicure which is only 25 $ it and lasts truly 2 weeks !
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ and 25 it lasts 2 truly ! weeks
I love it.
I it love .
Love I it .
Pedicures are also great.
Pedicures also are great .
Pedicures are also . great
Try this place out!
This try place out !
Try this out place !
I promise you will not be disappointed!
Promise I you will not disappointed be !
I promise you will not be disappointed !
Amazing Pictures at an Amazing Price
Amazing Pictures an at Amazing Price
Amazing at Pictures an Amazing Price
Rendy is totally amazing.
Is rendy totally amazing .
Is rendy totally amazing .
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable.
She gave me amazing pictures an at amazing and price my made day wedding memorable so .
She gave me amazing at pictures amazing an price and wedding made my day memorable so .
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures, not only of me, but of my family and friends.
She was way easy work with to and made wedding my day so and easy she got some amazing pictures , only of not me , of but my family and friends .
She way was easy to with work and made my day wedding so easy and got she amazing some pictures , not of me only , but of family my and . friends
She is amazing.
Is she amazing .
She amazing is .
I would recommend her to anyone!
Would I recommend her anyone to !
I would recommend her ! to anyone
So very delicious!
So very ! delicious
So delicious very !
Excellent!
! excellent
! excellent
November 7, 2010 First time eating at Caffe Bella Italia and it was a wonderful experience.
7 november , 2010 time First eating at Caffe Italia Bella it and a was wonderful experience .
7 november , 2010 First time eating Caffe at Italia Bella and it was wonderful experience a .
From the delectable Antipasto Misto to the Spaghetti alla Barese and the Parmigiana and ending with gelato, all was mouth watering.
From the Antipasto delectable Misto to Spaghetti the alla Barese the and Parmigiana and ending with , gelato all was mouth watering .
The from Antipasto delectable to Misto the Spaghetti alla and Barese the Parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was watering . mouth
Too bad they were out of the Chocolate Lava Cake.
Too bad they were of out the Chocolate Lava Cake .
Bad too they were out of the Lava Chocolate . Cake
Maybe next time they will have it.
Next maybe they time will have it .
Next maybe time they will it have .
Service was excellent!
Service was ! excellent
Was service excellent !
Sandy
Sandy
Sandy
Beware of Sharayu
Of beware Sharayu
Beware Sharayu of
Hopless service, at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised.
Hopless service the , at time of booking my a car promised lot was but delivered not one even of tenth what was promised .
Service hopless , at time the of booking my car a was lot promised but not delivered even one tenth what of was promised .
Apart from that in spite of my repeated attempts I could not get in touch with the manager to even lodge an official complaint.
That apart from in spite my of repeated attempts I could get not in touch with manager the to even lodge an official complaint .
Apart from that in of spite my attempts repeated could I get not in touch with the manager to lodge an even complaint official .
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you dont!!!
My to all advise I is have into this fallen trap . . . pl ensure you ! dont ! !
Advise my to all I is into have fallen trap this . . . pl ensure you ! dont ! !
Course has come a long way!!
Course has a long come way ! !
Has course come a way long ! !
HCC's new nine was a little shaky at first, but the NEW grounds superintendant has done wonders for the course!!
HCC s ' new nine a was little shaky at first , the but NEW superintendant grounds done has wonders for the course ! !
' HCC s new nine was little a shaky first at , but the NEW superintendant has grounds done for wonders course the ! !
The comment below definitely needs to be retracted!
Comment below the definitely needs to be retracted !
The comment definitely below needs be to retracted !
Come back and give HCC a second chance at least!
Back come and HCC give a second chance at ! least
Come back and give HCC a chance second at least !
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive!!
It is a great course golfers for local to proud be and of all the comments in have been 2008 positive very ! !
Is it a great course for golfers local be to proud of and all the comments have in been 2008 positive very ! !
Excellent Physiotherapists!
Excellent ! Physiotherapists
Physiotherapists excellent !
Kusal Goonewardena and his team of Physios are unbelievable!
Kusal Goonewardena and his team are of Physios ! unbelievable
Goonewardena kusal and his team of Physios are unbelievable !
I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists, physios, osteos and chiros with no help.
I suffering have been from back pain over for 12 years have and to been numerous , specialists physios , and osteos chiros no with help .
Have I suffering been from pain back for over 12 years and been have to specialists numerous , physios , osteos and with chiros no help .
It took the Vigor team only 4 visits to get me feeling normal!
Took it the Vigor team only 4 to visits feeling get me normal !
Took it the only Vigor team 4 visits to get me feeling ! normal
And now 2 months after my last appointment I am better than ever.
Now and 2 months my after appointment I last am better than ever .
Now and 2 after months my last appointment I better am ever than .
Thanks guys!
Guys thanks !
Thanks ! guys
They must have read these reviews and improved!
Must they read have these reviews and improved !
Must they have read reviews these and improved !
My husband and I happened in on a whim.
Husband my and happened I in a on whim .
My husband and I happened on a whim in .
We sat in the front dining area, it was very cozy and pleasant.
We sat in front the , dining area it was very cozy pleasant and .
Sat we the front in dining , area it was very cozy and pleasant .
Our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic.
Server was our attentive quite and the food was fantastic .
Our quite server was attentive and the food was . fantastic
My husband has been a professional chef, so he is a good judge of quality food.
Husband my has a been professional chef , so is he good a of judge quality food .
My husband has a been professional chef , so he is good judge a food of quality .
This was a flavorful, enjoyable meal for both of us.
This a was flavorful , meal for enjoyable both of us .
This was flavorful a , enjoyable meal for us both of .
Rude Rude Rude
Rude rude Rude
Rude rude Rude
went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog then took him back to get evened up what a mistake!
there went in got and my dog groomed came to home an dog uneven took then him back to get up evened what a mistake !
in went there and my got groomed dog came home an to dog uneven then took him back to get evened up what a mistake !
she didnt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it!
she didnt let even me finish sentence a me without insulting and telling how me i should have it said !
Didnt she let even me a finish sentence without me insulting telling and me i how should have said it !
i wont go back!
i wont go ! back
i go wont back !
she needs to develop a personality !
she to needs develop personality a !
she to needs develop personality a !
brought dog home and its all choppy now!
Home brought dog and its all choppy now !
brought dog and home all its choppy now !
It's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting.
' it helpful s know to quite a a bit about bull fighting .
It ' helpful s know to a quite a bit about bull fighting .
If you watch a lot of fights (youtube) and research some of the history (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullfighting) you will find yourself enjoying it a lot more!
You if a watch lot of fights youtube ( and research ) some of history the ( http : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / Bullfighting you ) will find enjoying yourself it lot a ! more
If watch you a lot of fights ( youtube ) and some research of the history ( http : / / en . wikipedia . org / wiki / Bullfighting you ) yourself find will enjoying a it lot ! more
Also after seeing a handful of bullfights, I can say that they're a lot more enjoyable if you're smashed (BAC>= .15).
After also a seeing handful of bullfights , I can that say ' they re lot a more enjoyable if ' you re smashed BAC ( > = . 15 ) .
Seeing also after a handful of I bullfights , say can that ' they re a lot more enjoyable you if ' re ( smashed BAC > = 15 . ) .
All I can say is that I am glad I went in!
I all can say that is I glad am I went in !
All I can say is that I glad am I went in !
The nurses are sweet as pie and the doctor is wonderful.
Nurses the are sweet pie as and doctor the is wonderful .
The nurses are as sweet pie and the doctor is wonderful .
This place is about healing, not making a buck.
This place is , about healing not making buck a .
This is place healing about not , making a buck .
The followup visit is FREE!!
Followup the is visit FREE ! !
Followup the visit FREE is ! !
After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I won't be back here!!
After going to the and hospital paying prices ER . . . is there no way won I ' be t ! back here !
After going to the paying hospital and prices ER . . . is there way no I won ' t be back here ! !
I will be back and telling EVERYONE about this clinic.
I will back be and EVERYONE telling this about clinic .
I will be back and EVERYONE about telling clinic this .
THANK YOU!!
THANK ! YOU !
YOU THANK ! !
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price.
Just I the like fact that he was to able do the specific type of I wanted repair ( a ) and reball give me the and longest warranty a even lower price .
I like just the fact that he able was to do specific the type of repair I ( wanted reball a ) and give me longest the and warranty even a lower . price
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty.
Someone I else found that said do they could but it wanted to charge me more give and me warranty less .
Someone else found I that said could they do it but wanted to me more charge and me give less . warranty
It was a no brainer really.
A it was no brainer really .
Was it no a brainer really .
I choose Console Pros and I'm happy I did.
I choose Pros Console and I ' m happy did . I
I Console Pros choose and I ' m happy did I .
This place is bad.
Place this is bad .
This place bad is .
It's dark, dingy & dirty.
It ' dark s , & dingy dirty .
It ' s dark , & dingy . dirty
The salads are limp and the rest of the food isn't any better (ok, the nachos are not too bad!)
Salads the are limp and rest of the the food isn ' t any better ( ok , nachos the are too not bad ! )
The are salads limp and the of rest isn the ' food t better any ( ok , nachos the are not too bad ! )
This place may have been something sometime; but it way past it "sell by date".
This may place have been sometime something ; but way it past it sell " date by " .
This place may have been ; something sometime but it way past it " by sell date " .
I have eaten here twice in the past year and will not go back and cannot recommend it.
Have I eaten twice here in the past year will and not go back and cannot recommend it .
Have I eaten twice here in past the year and not will go back cannot and recommend it .
Top range of bike, cheap prices, excellent a+++
Top range of bike , prices cheap , excellent a + + +
Top range of bike , prices cheap , excellent a + + +
yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day.
yep they my fixeded thumpstar 1 in day .
yep they my fixeded thumpstar 1 in day .
it wasent going an had a gear box problem....
wasent it an going had gear a box problem . . . .
wasent it an going had gear a box problem . . . .
i coldn't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $150...
i coldn ' find t anywere local else to fix it so took i it there they and fixed it $ for 150 . . .
i coldn t ' find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed for it $ . 150 . .
thanks guys goes really well and thaks 4 the cheap price..
thanks guys goes really and well thaks 4 price the cheap . .
guys thanks really goes well and thaks the 4 cheap price . .
excellent, top guys a+++++ reccommend to anyone!!!!!!!!!!
excellent guys , a top + + + + + reccommend anyone to ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
, top guys excellent + a + + + + reccommend anyone ! to ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Hams on Friendly ... RIP
On hams Friendly . . RIP .
Hams on Friendly . . . RIP
This is the original Ham's restaurant, expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more.
This is the original Ham ' restaurant s , expanded a into regional chain in the late 80 s ' - - this one but no is more .
Is this original the Ham ' s restaurant , into expanded a regional in chain the late ' 80 s - - this but one is no more .
Victim of hard times and I suspect failing corporate management.
Victim of hard and I times suspect corporate failing management .
Victim of hard times suspect and I corporate failing management .
According to news accounts, the company is struggling.
According to accounts news , the company is struggling .
To according accounts news , the is company struggling .
I have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago.
Have I many memories fond of college my evenings there long ago .
I have fond many of memories college my evenings there long ago .
So long Hams ... you will be missed.
Long so . Hams . . will you be missed .
So . long Hams . . you be will missed .
We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window.
We very are with pleased the services of First Glass . Window
Are we very pleased the with services of First Window Glass .
Our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them.
Window our were panes so dirty that they needed specialist a to and come them clean .
Our window panes so were that dirty they needed a specialist to and come . clean them
We called few companies before we decide to hire them.
Called we few before companies decide we to hire them .
We called few companies we before to decide hire . them
They came on time and completed their work quickly.
On they came and time completed their work quickly .
They on came time their and completed work quickly .
We were very happy how clean looked our windows.
Were we very happy clean how looked windows our .
We were very how happy looked clean windows our .
If you have some problems with your windows, you should call them.
You if some have problems with your windows , you should call them .
If you have some with problems your windows you , should call them .
Great help even near closing time!
Great help even closing near ! time
Help great even near time closing !
I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers!
I in came town to for week a and forgot my trainers !
I came in to town week for a forgot and my trainers !
Oh no!!
No oh ! !
Oh ! no !
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful.
I came in 30 close min before the staff and was super helpful .
Came I in 30 min close and before staff the was super helpful .
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes.
They spent a lot of time with me and me got a into pair great of shoes .
Spent they a lot of with time me got and me into a great pair of shoes .
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year!
I think they even may be better the than pair I been this have using past year !
They I may think even be better than pair the I have been this using past year !
Thanks Run on!
Thanks on Run !
Run thanks on !
Great
Great
Great
This is a perfect place to get your hair done.
This a is perfect place to your get done hair .
Is this perfect a place to get hair your done .
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut.
Have I gone there and time time again whenever I need to my get hair done or I when want a haircut .
I have gone there time and time I again whenever to need hair get my done or when want I a haircut .
When I get my hair done there, they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair.
When I get hair my there done , they use enough hairstyling products it while not does your hair ruin .
When I my get hair done , there they enough use hairstyling products while it does not ruin hair your .
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy, but the wait is worthwhile.
The service is great and during weekends it tends to busy , get the but wait is worthwhile .
Service the is and great during it weekends tends get busy to , but the wait is worthwhile .
Highly Recommend
Recommend highly
Recommend highly
I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed.
Have I with worked Shannon as my therapist massage bodyworker and intuitive for and years have never been disappointed .
Have I worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have been never disappointed .
No matter what state I am in when I arrive, I always leave feeling better.
Matter no what state am I in when I arrive , leave I feeling always better .
No matter what I state am in when I arrive , I feeling always leave better .
She has not only helped me through some challenging computer-work and sports related injuries, she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond.
Has not she helped only me through some challenging computer - work and sports related injuries , she to was wonderful work my with throughout pregnancy beyond and .
Has she not only helped me through some challenging computer - work and sports related , injuries she was wonderful with to work my throughout pregnancy and . beyond
I highly recommend her.
Highly I recommend her .
I highly her recommend .
Best Store In Boothbay Harbor
Best Store In Harbor Boothbay
Store best In Boothbay Harbor
What a fantastic store, I love this place.
What a fantastic , store love this I place .
What fantastic a store I , this love place .
Not the same old stuff that all the other stores have.
Not same the old stuff that other all the stores have .
Not the old stuff same that all other the stores have .
Their items are very unique, great quality, great prices.
Their are items unique very , great quality , prices great .
Items their are very unique , great quality , great prices .
They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter.
They also have the best I tea ever had , at not all like junk the you at get the grocery stores , I stock up when there because they ever are in closed . the winter
They have also the best tea I ever had , at not all like the junk you the get grocery at stores , up I stock when ever there because they are closed in the . winter
The BEST
BEST the
BEST the
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters.
. dr Aster and her team have a been strong advocate in health the of both my daughters .
Dr Aster . her and team have a been strong advocate in the health both of daughters my .
Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children, but also positive and to the point with the parents.
Dr . Aster is very kind with an gentle children the , but also and positive the to point with parents the .
Dr . is Aster very kind an gentle with the , children also but positive and to point with the parents the .
She is and excellent doctor to have on one's team.
Is she and doctor excellent have to on one ' s team .
She is and doctor excellent have to on one ' s . team
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST!
Even I though live pretty far her from office I still make the trip so my daughters will the have ! BEST
Even though I live far from pretty her office I still make so the trip my daughters will have the BEST !
My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved.
My wife avoided and I some doing fairly simple re electrical - wiring in our home for several years to due hassle and cost overall involved .
Wife my I and avoided doing fairly some simple electrical re - in wiring home our for years several due overall to hassle and involved cost .
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable.
I finally called Matt from and Bonafide he made the both project easy for us reasonable and .
I finally called from Matt Bonafide he and made the both easy project us for and reasonable .
He was prompt, knowledgable, friendly, clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business.
Was he , prompt , knowledgable friendly , clean just and an overall great obviously guy who cares about his business .
He was prompt , knowledgable , friendly , clean just and overall an guy great obviously who cares about business . his
I will reccommend his services however/whenever possible!
I reccommend will his services however / ! whenever possible
I reccommend will his however services whenever / possible !
Real pros
Pros real
Pros real
I've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers.
' I ve writer had friends describe stories horror with their printers .
' I ve had friends writer horror describe stories with their printers .
I tell them: why not just go with these guys?
I tell them : why just not go guys with these ?
Tell I them : why just not with go these guys ?
Richard Joule and the gang are pros from start to finish.
Joule and richard the gang pros are from start to finish .
Richard Joule and are the gang from pros start to finish .
They set out to exceed your expectations.
They set to out exceed expectations your .
They set to out exceed your . expectations
Already I'm considering future projects, and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing.
Already I ' m future considering projects , and I you can assure that my printing for needs will I choosing be other no than Atlanta Paperback Book . Printing
Already I m ' considering projects future , and I can that assure you for my printing I needs be will no choosing other Atlanta than Book Paperback Printing .
I have been here 3 times and all 3 times it has been bad!
Have I been 3 here and times all 3 times it has bad been !
I have 3 been here times and all 3 times it has been bad !
They have messed up my order and.... The food was just not good!
They have messed up order my and . . . . The food just was good not !
They have messed my up and order . . . . The was food good just not !
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good... :(
Had I in sonic many other but palces for reason some this sonic is always in just covered and grease good not . . . : (
I had in sonic other many palces but for some this reason always sonic is covered in just grease not and good . . . : (
I hope they get there act together...
Hope I they get there act together . . .
I hope they there get act together . . .
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see??
I am going give to it one last in chance next few and months see ? ?
I going am to give one it last next chance in few and months see ? ?
I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS.
I for called them an estimate they and INSULTED ME WHEN ASK I THEM QUESTIONS .
Them I called for an and estimate they INSULTED ME WHEN I THEM ASK QUESTIONS .
THEY ARE VERY RUDE AND NASTY.
THEY ARE VERY RUDE . AND NASTY
THEY ARE RUDE VERY NASTY AND .
PLEASE DON'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DON'T WANT TO: CRY, HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE.
' PLEASE T DON THIS USE COMPANY MOVING IF DON ' YOU T WANT TO : CRY , HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY YOUR MOVE OF .
PLEASE DON ' T USE THIS MOVING IF COMPANY DON YOU T ' WANT TO : CRY , HAVE TROUBLE AND A EXPERIENCE BAD THE ON DAY YOUR MOVE OF .
THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE, I GUARANTEE IT.
GIVE THEY WILL YOU LOW A PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND THE DAY ON OF YOUR MOVE THEY CHANGE WILL THE PRICE , I GUARANTEE IT .
THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW OVER PRICE THE AND PHONE THE DAY ON YOUR OF MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE , I GUARANTEE . IT
You've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home.
You ve ' Got Maids a did fabulous cleaning job my home .
You ' Got ve did Maids a fabulous job cleaning home my .
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks!
Am I hiring come them to once a week now they that got house my to they where can maintain it only for an hour and a half every two weeks !
Am I hiring come them to week once a now that they got house my to where they can maintain for it only an hour a and half every two ! weeks
Satisfactory for sure with the sercvice!
For satisfactory sure the with sercvice !
For satisfactory with sure the sercvice !
Beats having one "cleaning lady" who took twice as long and did not do a very through job like the "maids" did!
Beats one having " cleaning " lady who took twice long as did and do not a through very job like the maids " " ! did
Having one beats " cleaning lady " twice took who as and long not did do a very job through like the " maids " did !
This place has the best baby and childrens clothes.
This has place best the baby childrens and clothes .
Place this has the best baby childrens clothes and .
Especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just cant find in a lot of stores.
High especially end sake keep of sort clothing that you cant just find a in lot of stores .
Especially high end keep sort sake clothing of you just that cant find a in lot of stores .
It is all very unique and you wont find any other baby wearing the same stuff.
It all is very unique and you wont find any other wearing baby the stuff same .
It is all very unique and wont you find other any baby the wearing same stuff .
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess.
Spent I a bit quite because I spoil my little princess .
I quite spent a bit because I spoil little my . princess
Afterall she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it.
Afterall she will a only be for so baby long figure I why not enjoy it .
Afterall she will only a baby be so for long figure I why enjoy not it .
Antique Lighting, Fixtures, Chicago
Antique Lighting , , Fixtures Chicago
Antique Lighting Fixtures , , Chicago
Great place for Antique Lighting!
Great place for Antique ! Lighting
Great place for Lighting Antique !
I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW!!
I visited huge their Chicago showroom lighting and I all have to say is WOW ! !
I visited their Chicago lighting huge showroom and all have I say to WOW is ! !
Lots of collections, many antique light fixtures, Chandeliers, custom lighting etc.
Lots of many collections , antique light , fixtures Chandeliers , lighting custom etc .
Lots of collections many , antique , light fixtures Chandeliers , custom etc lighting .
I think they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago.
I think have they the largest for Chandeliers collection Chicago .
Think I they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago .
Antiques, Vintage, Contemporary & Modern Chandeliers.
Antiques , , Vintage & Contemporary Modern Chandeliers .
Vintage antiques , , Contemporary & Modern Chandeliers .
I would recommend them for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago
I recommend would them any for lighting custom or Lighting and Repair Restoration Chicago
I recommend would for them any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago
Great Food Awesome food Awesome service
Great Food Awesome Awesome food service
Great Awesome Food food Awesome service
I wanted to try someplace new again.
I to wanted try new someplace again .
I wanted to someplace try again new .
This place rocked.
Place this rocked .
Place this rocked .
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good..
Brought wife my Deb me with and like the she Crab Fried Wontons and said were they good . .
Brought my wife Deb with she me and like the Fried Crab Wontons and were said they good . .
We also had the BBQ Spare Ribs.. good also.
Also we the had Spare BBQ Ribs . . good also .
Also had we BBQ the Spare Ribs . . good also .
I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great..
Ordered the I MOO SHU and pork it was great . .
I ordered MOO the pork SHU and was it great . .
I also ordered the Neptune Platter which was awesome... so this place gets 5 out of 5 stars.
Also I ordered the Neptune which Platter awesome was . . . so this place out gets 5 of 5 . stars
I also ordered Neptune the which was Platter . awesome . . so this place gets out 5 of 5 . stars
DO NOT GO HERE!!!
DO NOT GO HERE ! ! !
NOT DO GO ! HERE ! !
I went to get my nails filled Friday, by Monday 2 were broken.
Went I to my get nails Friday filled , by Monday 2 broken were .
Went to I get my filled nails Friday , Monday by 2 were broken .
I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail.
Was I not happy with way the they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and the with exception of 1 , a there is dip of in the center each nail .
Was I not happy with the way looked they , wavy very , edges uneven , and with exception of the , 1 there is dip a the in center of each . nail
I also had a pedicure, and they cut my nails too short, one of my big toes looks like its getting infected.
Also I had a pedicure , they and cut my too short nails one , big of my toes looks like its getting infected .
Also I had a pedicure , they and my cut nails short too , one of big my looks toes like its infected getting .
No way.
No . way
Way no .
I'm certainly no expert on asian food in fact not even a lover of Vietnamese food but I wanted to try the real things here at A Dong.
I ' m no on certainly expert asian food in fact not a even lover Vietnamese of food but I to try wanted the real things here at A Dong .
I m ' certainly no expert asian in on food fact even not a lover of Vietnamese food but I wanted try to real the here things A at Dong .
Cold, slimy, tasteless however is the same in all languages and foods.
, cold slimy , tasteless is however the same in languages all and . foods
Cold , , slimy however is tasteless the same in languages all and foods .
Not good, not great, and again another disappointment in Central Iowa.
Good , not not great and , again another disappointment in Central . Iowa
Good not , great not , and again another disappointment in Iowa . Central
How do these places stay in business.
Do how these places stay business in .
Do how places these stay in business .
This town needs some food soul and this is not it.
This town some needs food and soul this not is it .
This town needs some food soul and this is it not .
Worth Every Penny
Worth Penny Every
Every worth Penny
My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night, and our experience was amazing.
My girlfriend I and at ate The Grill last night , and our experience amazing was .
My girlfriend I and at ate The last Grill night , our and experience was . amazing
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection, and was presented perfectly.
We everything was ordered prepared to perfection and , was presented perfectly .
We everything ordered was prepared to , perfection and was perfectly presented .
The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best we ever had.
Asparagus the , seared , tuna and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
The asparagus seared , tuna , and lobster were tail best the ever we had .
Then the desserts came, and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had.
Then the desserts came , and were they down hands best dessert the we ever . had
Then desserts the came , and they hands were the down best we dessert ever . had
I will sum it up with, it was worth every penny!
I will it sum with up , it worth was every penny !
I sum will it up with , it was worth every penny !
BEST CHINESE RESTAURANT EVER!!!
CHINESE BEST EVER RESTAURANT ! ! !
CHINESE RESTAURANT BEST EVER ! ! !
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had.
It the was best Chinese food I have ever had .
It was the best Chinese I food ever had have .
All the food tasted excellent, and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom, it is awesome.
All food tasted the excellent , and with the new renovation chairs of and bathroom the , is awesome it .
The all tasted food excellent and , with the renovation new chairs of and the bathroom , is it awesome .
The people working their are also extremely polite and friendly.
Working the people their are also polite extremely and friendly .
The people working their are extremely also polite and friendly .
Every time I go, Kevin, the manager, will always remember my family and I.
Every time go I , Kevin , the manager will always , my remember and family I .
Time go every I , Kevin , manager the , will always remember my family I and .
Overall, it is very family oriented, and I recommend it to everyone!!!
Overall , it very is oriented family , and I recommend it to ! everyone ! !
, overall is it very family , oriented I and recommend it everyone to ! ! !
Furnace repair
Repair furnace
Repair furnace
Tiger Heating is awesome.
Tiger is Heating awesome .
Heating tiger is awesome .
I had John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced.
Had I John working and Dustin feverishly to get my exhaust replaced motor .
John I had Dustin and working to feverishly get my exhaust motor replaced .
These guys were absolutely professional.
These were guys absolutely professional .
These guys were absolutely . professional
John was here in 45 minutes after I called on a 10 below zero early Sunday morning.
John was in here minutes 45 I after called on a 10 below zero early morning . Sunday
Was here john in minutes 45 after I called a on 10 below zero Sunday early morning .
If you need someone to help you out with your heating problems, I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR.
If need you someone to help you out with heating problems your , DEFINITELY would I call TIGER HEATING AIR and .
Need if you someone to help you out your with heating problems I , DEFINITELY would TIGER call and HEATING AIR .
Absolutely a wonderful company.
A absolutely wonderful company .
A absolutely wonderful company .
My family and I thank you!!!!!!!!!!
My and family thank I you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Family my I thank and ! you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
They Suck
Suck they
Suck they
Go somewhere else...
Somewhere go else . . .
Go else somewhere . . .
Wanted to buy a Rhino 700 and a Grizzly 700.
Wanted to a buy Rhino 700 a Grizzly and 700 .
Wanted to buy Rhino a and 700 Grizzly a 700 .
After searching high and low for a salesman, I was treated like dirt, and we left.
After high searching low for and a salesman , I was treated dirt like , we and left .
Searching after high and for low a salesman , I was treated dirt like , we and . left
Parts department blows, Service department is even worse.
Parts blows department , Service department is even worse .
Parts department blows , Service department even is worse .
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City, but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange, dealt with the owner, Levi, and was well taken care of.
Live 10 I minutes Cycle City from , but I 50 mile Drove south to Peachstate LaGrange Powersports in , with dealt the owner , Levi , and well was taken care of .
I 10 live minutes from Cycle , City but I Drove mile 50 to south Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange dealt , the with owner Levi , and , well was care taken of .
Professional and inspiring
Professional inspiring and
And professional inspiring
Nigel from Nidd Design has always provided a first class service, from his advice and professionalism to the quality of his design drawings and planning applications.
From nigel Nidd Design has always a provided service first class , from advice his professionalism and to the quality his of drawings design and planning applications .
From nigel Nidd has Design always provided a first class , service from his advice and professionalism quality to the his of design drawings and . planning applications
His knowledge and expertise help smooth the way with any planning application, ensuring compliance with the building regulations.
Knowledge his expertise and smooth the help way with any planning application , ensuring with compliance building the regulations .
His knowledge and expertise smooth help the way any with planning application , ensuring compliance with the building regulations .
Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else.
You once have Nigel met you not will want work to with anyone else .
You once met have Nigel will you not to want work with anyone else .
He really does turn your dreams into reality for your home!
He really turn does your into reality dreams for your home !
He does really turn your dreams reality into for your ! home
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close.
Came we at around and 730 they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but were they out for the day I so would say go way they before close .
We came at 730 around and they close at and 8 to wanted try the but specials they were for the out day would so I say go way before close they .
Got the crab rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good.
Got the rangoon crab which was , great tofu with cabbage was spicy which good but and shrimp which satay was good also .
The got crab rangoon was which great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp which satay was also good .
Def going to come back and try this place again.
Def to going come back and place try this again .
Going def to back come and try this again place .
Bea was really nice and asked how the food was.
Bea was really and nice asked how was the food .
Was really bea nice and asked how food the was .
Cute place also
Cute also place
Place cute also
As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic Mexican food.
As a southern native Californian I tell you that can this is not Mexican authentic food .
As native a southern Californian I tell can you that is this authentic Mexican not food .
However, I still like this place a lot.
However I , still like place this a . lot
However , I still place like this lot a .
Esp. the mole, tortilla soup, and guacamole.
Esp . mole the , tortilla soup and guacamole , .
Esp . the , mole soup tortilla , and . guacamole
Margaritas are alright.
Margaritas are . alright
Are margaritas alright .
My only complaint is the QUESO.
My only complaint the is . QUESO
Only my complaint is QUESO the .
It used to be fabulous, why did you guys change it??
It to used be fabulous , did why you guys change it ? ?
Used it be fabulous to , why did you change guys it ? ?
Queso should not be watery :( .....
Should queso not be watery : ( . . . . .
Not queso should watery be : ( . . . . .
***update*** NEVER MIND!
* * * * update * * MIND ! NEVER
* * update * * * NEVER * ! MIND
They fixed the queso!
They fixed queso the !
Fixed they the queso !
Thankyouthankyou
Thankyouthankyou
Thankyouthankyou
There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston....don't.waste your time here.
Are there so wonderful many great places to dine houston in . . . don . t ' . waste your . time here
Are there wonderful so many great places to dine in houston . . . . don ' . t your waste time here .
I had the morelias enchiladas.
Had I the morelias enchiladas .
I had morelias the enchiladas .
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good.at all.
The sauce was dry and did the not enchiladas taste . good at all .
The was sauce dry the and enchiladas taste did not good . at all .
In fact my friend vomited after our meal.
Fact in my friend after vomited our meal .
In fact friend my vomited after meal our .
Maybe we ordered the wrong dish but my experience here was poor.
Maybe we ordered wrong the dish but experience here my was poor .
We maybe ordered the dish wrong but my experience was here poor .
Service was okay not great, we came for a late lunch.
Service okay was not great , we came for late lunch a .
Service was okay , not great we for came a late lunch .
I don't recommend this place.
I don ' t this recommend . place
Don I ' t recommend this . place
Skylight repair
Repair skylight
Repair skylight
My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew.
My skylight was a horrible making when noise the wind blew .
My skylight making was a horrible when the noise wind blew .
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently.
James Bateman the came day called I and fixed the quickly problem efficiently and .
James came Bateman day the I and called fixed problem the quickly and efficiently .
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention.
He inspected also my entie roof if to see there was anything else that needed attention .
He also my inspected roof entie see to if there was anything else that needed attention .
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction.
He the called next day to if everything see was to my . satisfaction
Called he next the day to see if was everything to satisfaction my .
When the next hailstorm blows through, I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction.
When the next hailstorm blows through , will I not hesitate contact to at James Team Texas Construction .
When the next hailstorm blows , through I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction .
tricky short guy
tricky guy short
Short tricky guy
The new management is tricky and talk you into getting video rental agreement.
Management the new is and tricky talk into you getting video rental agreement .
The new tricky management is talk and you getting into video rental agreement .
To my surprise $20 deposit.... New movies not on shelf..under the counter for Telugu Speaking people only... or people who spend $30 or more groceries..
To surprise my $ deposit 20 . . . . movies New not on shelf . . under the counter for Telugu people Speaking only . . . people who or spend $ or 30 groceries more . .
To my $ surprise deposit . 20 . . New . not movies on shelf . . under the counter Telugu for Speaking people . only . . or who people spend $ or 30 more . groceries .
That did it for me..no more Raina's.
That did for it me . . no ' more Raina s .
That did it me for . . no more Raina ' s .
Besides parking is a pain..cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door....gives me heebee gee bees'
Parking is besides a pain . . and cramped - un with ruly Parents Kumon next door . . . . gives heebee gee me bees '
Parking a besides is pain . . cramped and un - ruly Kumon with next Parents . door . . gives . heebee me gee bees '
Small Firm with Great Service
Small Firm Great with Service
Firm small with Great Service
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem, and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with.
Bloom Legal was really to attentive my problem , Seth Bloom and took the time help me to understand the legal issue was I dealing with .
Legal bloom was really attentive my to problem , and Seth Bloom took time the to help me understand legal the issue I dealing was . with
I much preferred the one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms.
Much I the preferred one on - - one service to here the experiences I ' ve had with bigger offices firms and .
Much I preferred the one - on - service one here the to experiences I ' had ve bigger with and offices . firms
While I hope I don't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon, if I do I'll definitely use this firm again.
While I don hope I ' any t need have for a lawyer soon anytime , I if do I ' definitely ll use this firm again .
While I I hope don ' have t need any for a lawyer soon anytime , if I do ' I ll use definitely this firm again .
Used their service for the first time and was immediately impressed by their professionalism (received a phone call soon after order was placed to confirm details) and the subsequent delivery of my gift (To Split, Croatia) was as requested.
Their service used for the first time and immediately was impressed their by professionalism ( received a phone call soon after order placed was to confirm ) details the and subsequent delivery of my gift ( Split To , Croatia ) as requested was .
Used service for their the first and time was immediately by their impressed professionalism a ( received phone call soon after order was placed confirm to details ) and the subsequent delivery my of gift ( To Split , Croatia was ) as requested .
The gift itself was exactly as described and pictured in the catalogue and of the highest standard.
The gift itself was as exactly described and pictured the in catalogue and standard of the highest .
The gift itself was exactly as and described the pictured in catalogue and of the highest standard .
Would highly recommend to anyone requiring overseas gift delivery.
Would highly to recommend anyone requiring delivery overseas gift .
Highly would recommend to anyone requiring overseas gift delivery .
Danny (Australia)
( danny Australia )
( danny Australia )
I LOVE MY GYM!
LOVE I MY GYM !
LOVE I MY GYM !
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily.
FITNESS UNLIMITED a is second home to a lot us of gym who work members daily out .
is FITNESS UNLIMITED a second to home a lot of gym us who members work out daily .
If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be.
If you serious are about working out in a non - like commercial atmosphere then you have chosen the best place be to .
If you about are serious out working in non a commercial - like atmosphere you then have chosen best the place to be .
This is the most humble gym you will every step into.... if you dare to work on your body don't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be!!
This is the humble most gym will you step every into . . . . you if dare to on work your body don ' t surprised be when you see how addicting FITNESS going to UNLIMITED can be ! !
Is this the humble gym most you will every step . into . . . if you dare work on to your body don ' t be surprised when you see how addicting going FITNESS to UNLIMITED can ! be !
Over-rated...
Over rated - . . .
Over - . rated . .
This restaurant is over-rated.
Restaurant this over is - rated .
This restaurant over is rated - .
It is hard to find...and the mexican food is bland, almost equivalent to eating out of a can.
It is to hard . find . . and mexican the food , is bland almost equivalent to of eating out a can .
It is hard find to . . . mexican and the food is , bland equivalent almost to out eating a of can .
The service is poor...
The service is poor . . .
Service the is . poor . .
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas...and did not get it.!
I for asked fried egg a my on enchiladas . . . did and not get it . !
I asked a for egg fried on my enchiladas . . . and did get not it . !
Secondly, the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce..but chili...like Hormel's chili..the cheese was American cheese!
, secondly the enchladas did not come enchilada with sauce . . but chili . . . Hormel like ' s chili . . the cheese was American cheese !
, secondly the enchladas not did come with sauce enchilada . . chili but . . . like Hormel ' s chili . the . cheese was ! American cheese
The Chili Relleno..had no batter on it.
Chili the Relleno . . had no it batter on .
Chili Relleno the . had . no batter on it .
I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great so I made a carry out order of : L 17.
Googled I restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and were reviews so great I carry made out a of order : 17 L .
I googled restaurants the in area and Sushi Fuji up came reviews and were great I so a made order carry out of : L 17 .
Mixed Tempura.....................8.25 Shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad.
Tempura . mixed . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25 8 . Shrimp or tempura salad vegetable & .
Mixed tempura . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 . . 25 Shrimp or vegetable & tempura . salad
I was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size, to go box set up and quality of the food for the price.
I was happy very with the service customer and even please more the with portion size , to go box up set and quality the of for food the price .
I happy was very with customer the service and even more the please with portion , size go to box set up and of the quality food for the price .
I'm very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out again.
I ' m happy very and definitely will dine and in carry again out .
I ' m very happy and definitely will in dine carry and again out .
Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter!
From learn a Cesar Gracie belt black former and ufc fighter !
From learn Cesar a Gracie black belt and former fighter ufc !
When i say jiu-jitsu or mma i mean it!
When i jiu say jitsu - or mma i mean ! it
When i say jiu jitsu - or mean mma i it !
Best jiu-jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up!
Best jiu - jitsu in mma Santa Rosa i and have the experience and to back belt it up !
Best jiu jitsu - in mma Santa Rosa i and have the experience and belt back to it up !
When you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday!
When come you to you ncfa see will a instructor real that teaches and trains ! everyday
When come you to ncfa you will a see real instructor teaches that everyday and trains !
If your coach has no fights and you never see him train and sweat something is wrong!
If your coach no and has you fights see never him train and sweat something is wrong !
If coach your has no fights and never you him see and train something sweat is wrong !
Dave Terrell www.norcalfightingalliance.com
Terrell dave www . norcalfightingalliance com .
Dave Terrell www norcalfightingalliance . com .
Good Pizza at a good price
Good Pizza at a price good
Pizza good at a good price
I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places, this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it.
I just moved and nearby tried have several of local the , this places was the one first and I should just have stuck it with .
Just I nearby moved have and tried several of the places local , this was the first one and I should have stuck just it with .
The pizza is usually pretty good, the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more, but it was still good.
The is pretty pizza usually good , the only bad we one got was on a Friday night and it to just needed be a cooked more , little it but was still good .
The pizza is usually pretty , good the one only bad we got on a was night Friday and it just to needed be cooked little a , more it but was still good .
Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had.
BBQ their chicken pizza is one the of better ones have I had ever .
BBQ their chicken pizza one is of better the ones I have had ever .
HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!
HORRIBLE ! SERVICE ! !
SERVICE HORRIBLE ! ! !
Absolute horrible service from the parts department.
Horrible absolute service from the parts . department
Absolute horrible service the from department parts .
They are very rude over the phone and in person.
Are they rude very the over phone and in person .
They are very rude phone over the in and person .
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings, if you hate your job so much then quit!!
They down talk to like you they supreme are beings if , you hate your so job much then ! quit !
They talk down to you they like are supreme beings , you if hate job your much so then quit ! !
How these guys can get away with being so rude with people is mind blowing.
How these guys can away get with so being rude people with is blowing mind .
How guys these get can away being with so rude with people mind is blowing .
I will NEVER do business with Sun Toyota again.
Will I NEVER do with Sun business Toyota again .
I will do NEVER with business Toyota Sun again .
Thank god there are plenty of Toyota dealerships to choose from in this city.
Thank god are there plenty of Toyota dealerships to choose from this in city .
Thank god there are Toyota plenty of dealerships choose from to in this city .
this is a good place
this a is good place
this is a place good
I have been here before and the service was absoulutely great.
Have I been here before the and service was great absoulutely .
I have been before here and the service absoulutely was . great
They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty.
Had they a great of selection colors from to choose and their are seats super comfty .
They great had a selection colors of to from choose their and seats are super comfty .
I enjoy going there although i've only been there once, i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here.
Enjoy I going there although i ' only ve been there , once will i be toda returning to recieve of a pair french tips and will i only go the to best to and me the best is here .
I going enjoy there although i ' only ve there been once , i will be toda returning to recieve a pair of tips and french i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality.
Reccomend you I to go enjoy and their wonderful hospitality .
i you reccomend to go and enjoy wonderful their . hospitality
Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people, and the minute you steep into their school, the calm loving atmosphere takes over, and tension and worries stay outside in the street, whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice.
Anna Marie and are very Govind sweet people , and the minute steep you into their school , the calm loving atmosphere over takes , and tension and worries outside stay in street the whether , not or you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice .
Anna and Marie Govind very are sweet people , and the minute you steep into their school , the calm atmosphere loving takes over , and tension worries stay and outside in the street , whether or not you them pick up again class after a is probably question of . practice
A wonderful place, if you want more than just the physical side of yoga.
A place wonderful if , you want more than just the physical side of yoga .
A place wonderful , if want you more than the just physical of side yoga .
Give yourself the gift of trying this place, to see if it fits you...
Yourself give the gift this of trying , place to see it if fits you . . .
The give yourself gift trying of this place , to see if it fits you . . .
They don't seem to be interested in selling cars.
Don they ' t to seem interested be in selling cars .
Don they ' t seem to be in selling interested cars .
Went there yesterday: we are trying to decide between two different Honda models, so we wanted to test-drive both back to back.
Went there yesterday : we are trying between to decide two Honda different , so models wanted we to test - drive both back to back .
Went there yesterday : we to are decide trying between two different Honda models , so we to test wanted drive - both back to back .
The salesperson refused!
The refused salesperson !
Salesperson the refused !
Claimed he was too busy for two test drives.
Claimed he was too busy test for drives two .
Claimed he was busy two too for test drives .
We were the only customers there!
We only were the customers there !
We were customers the only there !
Don't waste time, just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek, they actually do try to help their customers there!
' don t waste time , just 10 drive minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they do try to actually help their customers there !
Don ' time t waste , just 10 drive minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they do actually try help to customers their ! there
ATE HERE A COUPLE TIMES.
ATE HERE COUPLE A TIMES .
HERE ATE A COUPLE TIMES .
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI.
IS IT NOT A END HIGH HOUSE STEAK , OF MORE THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS MISSISSIPPI IN .
IS IT NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , OF MORE CUISINE THE IN BRETT ENJOYS MISSISSIPPI .
SO, IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES, WELL, IT IS OK.
, SO IF YOU A WANT BURGER AND FRIES WELL , , IS IT OK .
, SO IF YOU WANT A FRIES BURGER AND , WELL , IT IS . OK
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD.
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE FOOD CAJUNISH IT - GOOD IS .
IF A YOU WANT CAJUNISH LITTLE FOOD - IT IS GOOD .
IF YOU WANT A STEAK, WELL, THIS IS NOT THE BEST IN GREEN BAY.
IF YOU WANT A STEAK WELL , , THIS IS NOT IN BEST THE BAY GREEN .
IF YOU STEAK A WANT , WELL , THIS NOT IS BEST THE IN GREEN BAY .
OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH CHRIS TYPE STEAK, THIS IS NOT IT.
DECENT OVERALL IF BUT YOU ARE A EXPECTING RUTH TYPE CHRIS , STEAK THIS IS NOT IT .
DECENT BUT OVERALL YOU IF ARE EXPECTING RUTH A CHRIS TYPE STEAK , THIS NOT IS IT .
Eulogic
Eulogic
Eulogic
Good place to be on a Sunday Night.
Good to be place on a Sunday Night .
Good place to be Sunday on a Night .
The beers were good, nice choice of beers as well, and as usual the mussels were great, the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs.
Beers were the good , nice of beers choice as well and , as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice to addition the downstairs bar .
The beers were , good nice choice of as well beers and , as usual mussels the were great , the upstairs is a place nice addition to the bar . downstairs
Filled up on too much beer and hence cannot comment on the food.
Filled up on and too much beer hence cannot comment on food the .
Filled up on too beer much hence and cannot on comment food the .
But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern.
The but menu had standard stuff that one get would a Belgian at Tavern .
The but menu standard had stuff that one get would at a Tavern Belgian .
If you are a handcraft beer person, this is a fantastic place to be.
If you handcraft are a beer , person this is a fantastic to place be .
You if are a handcraft person beer , is a this fantastic place to be .
Perfect Location plus
Location perfect plus
Location perfect plus
I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it's been a refreshing change.
I moved Tanglewood into the Apartments late in 2008 it and ' been s a refreshing change .
I moved into Tanglewood the Apartments late in 2008 and it ' been s a refreshing change .
I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a nightmare.
I used to live and at Meadowrun that was nightmare a .
I used live to Meadowrun at and that was nightmare a .
The manager - Tiffany - is actually very nice so I'ma bit surprised by other comments.
The manager Tiffany - - is very actually so nice I ' ma bit surprised other comments by .
The manager - Tiffany - is actually very nice so I ma ' surprised bit by other . comments
She's very reachable and she has always responded quickly to any questions or requests.
She ' very s reachable and she has always responded to quickly questions any . or requests
She ' very s reachable and she has quickly always responded any to questions requests or .
Plus she plans a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse which is a nice added benefit.
She plus plans a monthly breakfasts and other events at the which clubhouse is nice a added benefit .
She plus plans a monthly breakfasts and events other the clubhouse at is which a nice added benefit .
great service/deals - support this local business
great / service deals - this support local business
great / service deals - this support local business
I have used these guys for new snows, fixing lots of flats, used replacement tires, and oil changes.
I have used these for new guys snows fixing , of lots flats , replacement tires used , and oil changes .
I have used these guys new for snows , fixing of lots flats used , replacement , tires and oil changes .
They have the best prices locally and good customer service.
They have the best locally and prices customer good service .
They have the best prices locally and customer good service .
One guy is a little surley, but who gives a crap as long as your car's work is outstanding.
Guy one is a little surley , but who a gives as crap long car as your ' s work outstanding is .
Guy one a is little surley , who but gives a crap as long as car your ' s work . is outstanding
AND they're usually able to help you as a walk-in, and they're fast.
they AND ' re able usually help to you as walk a - in and , they ' re . fast
AND ' they usually re able help to you a as walk - , in and ' they re fast .
Overall-good stuff.
Overall good - stuff .
Overall - stuff good .
Another great business bites the dust!
Great another business the bites dust !
Another great business bites the dust !
The best cakes EVER!
The cakes best EVER !
The best cakes ! EVER
A bit pricey, so I didn't go very often, but it was always a treat when I did.
A bit pricey , I so ' didn t go very , often but always it was a when treat I did .
A bit , pricey I so didn ' t go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .
The prices were worth what I got.
The were prices worth what got I .
Prices the were what worth I got .
I'm assuming they are completely out of business since I can't find any contact information.
I m ' assuming they are out completely business of since I ' can t any contact find information .
I ' m assuming they are completely of out business since I can t ' any find information contact .
I'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place, because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer.
I ' m the hoping bakers continue to their do baking of out another , place because it be a would shame not to these have cakes any longer .
I ' m the hoping bakers continue do to baking their out of another , place because would it a be not shame to have cakes these longer any .
Super nice people, really good food
Super nice people really , food good
Nice super people , good really food
What I love most about this place, other than the food, is that eating here makes you feel like you're in a small town rather than Baltimore.
What I love about most place this , other than the food , that is eating here makes you feel you like re ' in small a town than rather Baltimore .
What I most love about this place other , than the food , is that eating here makes feel you like ' you re in small a rather town Baltimore than .
The owners are really nice, they serve good food at a good price, and the option to eat outside on the deck (esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic) is great.
The are owners really , nice they good serve food a at good price and the , option to eat on outside the deck ( esp on the whether weekend there any is hardly traffic ) is great .
Owners the are really , nice they serve food good a at good price , the and option to outside eat on the deck esp ( the on whether weekend there is any hardly traffic ) is great .
One of my top 5 places to eat in Baltimore.
One of my 5 to top places eat in Baltimore .
One my of top 5 places eat to Baltimore in .
Overpriced
Overpriced
Overpriced
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille, so I imagine they are owned/operated by the same people.
Place this is to identical the Youngstown Grille Sports so , imagine I they are owned / operated by the people same .
This place is to identical the Grille Youngstown , Sports so imagine I they are owned / by operated the same people .
The food is mediocre at best, and largely overpriced given the portion size and quality.
Food the is mediocre best at , and largely overpriced given the portion size and . quality
The food best is mediocre at , and overpriced largely given the portion and size quality .
Don't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there.
' don even t get on me started how expensive it is to drink there .
' don t even me get started on how it is expensive to drink there .
I have ate here 3 times since they first opened, and the service has been poor each time, the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow.
Have I ate here 3 times since they first opened , and the service has been each poor time , the always staff across comes as somewhat rude slow and .
I have ate here 3 since times they first opened , and the service has been each poor time , the always staff comes somewhat across as and slow rude .
Apps 4 Salad 3 Entree 3.5 Wine 5 (NOV 07)
Apps Salad 4 Entree 3 3 . 5 5 Wine ( NOV 07 )
4 apps Salad Entree 3 3 . Wine 5 5 ( NOV 07 )
Enjoyed this cozy little spot with a group of 8 folks.
This cozy enjoyed little spot a with group of 8 folks .
This enjoyed cozy spot little with a of group 8 folks .
Service was excellent.
Was service excellent .
Service excellent was .
Food was excellent.
Food was . excellent
Was food excellent .
Wine was excellent.
Wine was . excellent
Was wine excellent .
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again, I'll definitely order a steak.
I was feeling need the for some fish I so had the salmon which was the very good but steaks looked amazing and if I am in again town , I ll definitely ' order a steak .
Was I feeling the need for some fish I so had the salmon which very was good the steaks but looked and if amazing I am town in again I , ll ' definitely order a steak .
A perfect place for a romantic dinner.
A perfect for place a dinner romantic .
Perfect a place for a dinner romantic .
Lots of "pretty people" dining inside.
Lots of " pretty " people inside dining .
Of lots " pretty people " dining . inside
Great staff.
Staff great .
Staff great .
Very helpful!!!!
Helpful very ! ! ! !
Helpful very ! ! ! !
They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several years.
They me interviewed gave , me tests in the software included I my on resume , and placed me in a that position I kept several for years .
They me interviewed , me gave tests the in software I included my on resume and , placed me in a that position kept I for several . years
Re-interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job.
Re - and interviewed am going on interviews a for job new .
Re - interviewed and going am interviews for on a new job .
I'm really thankful for the folks at HR Office.
I ' m really thankful at for the folks HR Office .
I ' m thankful really for the folks at HR Office .
They are dependable, have great connections in the community, and are a great resource for finding a job.
Are they dependable , have great connections in the community , and a are great resource for finding a job .
They dependable , are great have connections in the community , and are great a finding resource for a job .
I highly recommend them to all of my friends!!!!!
Highly recommend I to them all my of friends ! ! ! ! !
Highly I recommend them to all of my ! friends ! ! ! !
Great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder!
Experience great consider - checking their out puppies before buying a from breeder !
Great experience - consider out checking puppies before their buying a from breeder !
I adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League.
I a adopted 3 . 5 old month yellow last lab winter from Friends the Dumb League .
Adopted I 3 a . 5 old month lab yellow last winter the from Dumb Friends League .
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding.
Staff the was very helpful in finding the right dog for me care the and my pup outstanding received was .
The staff was very helpful in finding right the dog me for and the care my pup received was outstanding .
If you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup don't forget to check out the shelters!
If you on are the for lookout a pure breed pup don ' forget t to shelters check out the !
If are you on the a lookout for pure breed pup ' don forget t to check out shelters the !
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family!
Pup my has a temperment wonderful and a has been wonderful addition to my family !
Pup my a has temperment wonderful and been has a wonderful addition to my family !
Food good, service poor
Food good , poor service
Food good , poor service
No silverware, asked for a spoon for my sons mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon.
, no silverware asked for spoon a for my sons and mac cheese up having ended to use my tea spoon .
No silverware , asked for spoon a my for sons mac cheese and ended up to having my use spoon tea .
Asked for bar-b-que sauce never got it.
For asked bar - b - que sauce never got it .
For bar asked - b - que sauce got never it .
Never checked back with us once we got our food.
Never checked back with us once we got food our .
Back never with checked us once we got our food .
Had to go the the bus boys station ourselves to get napkins.
Had the to go the bus boys station ourselves to napkins get .
To go had the the bus boys station ourselves to get napkins .
Only one server, too buys talking with others I guess.
One only server , buys too talking with I others guess .
One only server , too buys talking with I others . guess
Food was good, but service means a lot to me.
Food good was , but means service a lot me to .
Food good was , but means service a to lot me .
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had.
Dr . Chao you are best the I dentist have had ever .
Dr . Chao are you the best dentist I ever had have .
You are knowledgeable, professional, gentel and kind.
You knowledgeable are , professional , and gentel . kind
Are you , knowledgeable professional , gentel kind and .
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now, However I am glad you are my dentist now.
I wish I had as my you dentist in early on my life - maybe my teeth have would been lot a better then they are now However , I glad am you are my dentist now .
I wish I had you my as dentist early on in my life maybe - teeth my would been have lot a better then are they now , However I am you glad are my now dentist .
Even though you are expensive.
Even you though are expensive .
Though even you are expensive .
Thank you for helping to preserve my teeth.
You thank for helping to preserve my . teeth
Thank you helping for to preserve teeth my .
You are meticulous in your work and it shows in my smile.
You are in meticulous your work and it in shows my . smile
You are meticulous in work your and it shows in my smile .
Con Garage
Garage con
Garage con
I brought my car in for a simple emissions test.
Brought I my in car for simple a emissions test .
Brought I car my in for simple a emissions test .
I guess they figured me for an easy mark, and tried to explain that my car wouldn't pass unless I replaced a hose.
Guess they I figured me for an easy mark and , tried to explain that my wouldn car ' pass t unless I a replaced hose .
I guess they figured me an for easy mark , and to tried that explain my car wouldn ' t unless pass replaced I a . hose
Ten minutes later, I took my car down the street and it passed the emissions test with flying colors.
Ten minutes later , I my took car the down street and passed the it test with emissions flying colors .
Ten minutes later , took I my down car the street and it the passed test emissions flying colors with .
If you're a fan of herpes, being ripped off, and child molesters, this is the garage for you.
If you ' re a fan of herpes being ripped , off , child and molesters , is this garage the for you .
You if ' fan a re of herpes , being off ripped , child and molesters , is this the garage for you .
If not, go somewhere else.
If not , go somewhere else .
If , not somewhere go else .
Rude service
Service rude
Service rude
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude.
even though I never have tried salon hoa but agree with I other that reviewers they are rude .
even I have though never tried hoa salon but I with agree other reviewers are that they rude .
I called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me, or even just give me an approximate price range.
I and called asked the about price for hair updo and the receptionist or who aswered phone owner refused the to tell me , or just even give an me approximate price . range
Called I and asked about the for price hair updo the and receptionist or owner aswered who the refused phone tell to me , or give even just approximate me an price range .
He told us to stop by the salon and then he will tell us the price.
He told us to stop the by salon then and he will tell us price the .
He us told to stop the by salon then and will he us tell the price .
What kind of rude service is that?
What kind rude of service is ? that
Kind what of service rude is that ?
I don't want to waste my time with them.
' I don t want to waste time my with them .
Don I ' want t to waste my time them with .
Top notch eats!
Top eats notch !
Top eats notch !
So here we are in Manson.
So here we are in Manson .
So here we Manson are in .
Manson?
? manson
? manson
Yes, Manson.
Yes , . Manson
Yes , . Manson
Right near Chelan.
Near right Chelan .
Right Chelan near .
Aka Nowheresville.
Nowheresville aka .
Aka . Nowheresville
And this litttle gem of a 7-table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise.
This and litttle gem a of 7 table - restaurant is complete a and utterly wonderful . surprise
This and litttle of gem a 7 - table a restaurant complete is and utterly wonderful surprise .
A short but wide-ranging menu executed with innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street.
A short wide but - ranging menu with innovative executed perfection in a cozy hole in wall the just off main the street .
A short but - wide menu ranging executed innovative with in perfection a cozy hole in the wall just the off main street .
Fantastic food served without pretense, very reasonably priced wine selections.
Fantastic food served without pretense very , reasonably priced wine selections .
Fantastic food served without , pretense very priced reasonably wine . selections
A great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting.
Great a place to go for after dinner a day wine tasting of .
A great place to for go after dinner a day tasting of wine .
Excellent Service and Reasonable Prices
Excellent Service Reasonable and Prices
Excellent Service Reasonable and Prices
Boutique stores dealing in children's clothing/gifts are often outrageously priced (who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie?)
Boutique dealing stores in ' children clothing s / often gifts are outrageously priced ( who to wants pay 40 dollars for newborn onesie a ? )
Boutique dealing stores children in ' s clothing gifts / often outrageously are priced ( who pay wants to 40 dollars for newborn a onesie ? )
but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Purple Goose's prices are reasonable (for the SAME products found at other area boutiques, the prices were 20-25% cheaper).
I but was pleasantly surprised to Purple find that the Goose ' s prices reasonable are ( for the SAME found products at other area boutiques , the prices 20 were - 25 % ) cheaper .
I but was pleasantly to find surprised that Purple the ' Goose prices s are ( reasonable the for SAME found products at area other boutiques , the prices were 20 - 25 % cheaper ) .
The service was also excellent - friendly, helpful and informative without being overbearing.
Service the was also - excellent , friendly helpful and informative without overbearing being .
Service the also was excellent - friendly , and helpful without informative being overbearing .
Will definitely return.
Will return definitely .
Definitely will return .
Consistantly poor
Poor consistantly
Poor consistantly
A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this the worst rental agency I have used.
Lack a organisation , of coupled with the distain for customers its , makes this worst rental the agency I have used .
Lack a of organisation , coupled with distain for the its customers , makes this worst the rental agency used I have .
Chasing them on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I could.
Chasing them issues on from the I moved day in ( of many them still unresolved I as left ) to all sorts of issues farcical funds with , after I left . . . . soon as as I could .
Them chasing issues on from day the I moved in ( many of them still as unresolved I left ) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds , after I left . . . . as soon could as I .
If you must use them, be vigilant and be ready to push, if you can go elsewhere then I would.
If you must use them , be vigilant be and ready push to , you if elsewhere can go then I . would
If you must them use , vigilant be and ready be push to , if you go can elsewhere then would I .
AMAZING NIGHT- Great Party Spot!!
NIGHT - AMAZING Great Party Spot ! !
NIGHT AMAZING - Party Great Spot ! !
Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks...place is awesome.
Went the to Willow Lounge this weekend past for dinner and . drinks . . place is awesome .
Went to the Lounge Willow past this for weekend dinner and drinks . . . is place . awesome
Had to keep in mind that the A/C broke, I feel bad it was their opening!
Keep had to in A mind that the / C broke , feel I bad it was their opening !
Had keep to in mind that the A / broke , C feel I bad their it was opening !
Anyway, once that is fixed, this place will be amazing.
Once anyway , that is fixed , place this will be amazing .
Anyway , that once fixed is , this will place be amazing .
Drinks were awesome, prices reasonable, and staff friendly.
Were drinks awesome , prices reasonable , staff friendly and .
Were drinks awesome , prices reasonable , friendly and staff .
This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs.
This is an awesome spot date that SERIOUSLY the area needs .
This is an awesome date that spot the area SERIOUSLY needs .
Check out The Willow Lounge, youll be happy!
The check out Willow , Lounge youll be happy !
Out check The Willow , Lounge youll happy be !
Its been a few years since I have been to Ipanema.
Its a few been years I since have been to Ipanema .
A its been few years since I have been Ipanema to .
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food (think lots of meat), but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant!
But my wife and I first went thinking there would it Brazilian be food ( think lots meat of ) , but turned it to a out be restaurant vegan !
But my wife I and first went thinking there it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of ) meat , but turned it out to be a vegan ! restaurant
And, I can say, this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond.
And , I can say , this one was of my favorite to places Richmond eat in all of .
, and I say can , was this one of my places favorite eat to in of all Richmond .
Amazing!
! amazing
! amazing
Don't let the nondescript building entrance fool you, these are some creative and talented chefs...two thumbs way, way up!
Don ' t let the entrance nondescript building you fool , these are some talented creative and chefs . . . thumbs two way way up , !
' don let t the nondescript entrance building fool these you , some are and creative talented chefs . . . thumbs two way , way up !
Excellent food, fantastic wait staff
Excellent , food fantastic wait staff
Excellent food , fantastic staff wait
I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser's.
I recently a threw surprise party birthday for my at wife Fraiser s ' .
I recently a threw birthday party surprise for my wife Fraiser at ' s .
We had 30 guests for the event, and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food, but the outstanding service as well.
We had guests 30 for the event , and everyone away came the impressed from evening only with not food the , but the outstanding service as well .
We 30 had for guests the event , everyone and from came away the evening impressed with not the only , food but the outstanding as service well .
The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages, and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless.
The was management to easy deal with the during stages , planning the and execution by the kitchen wait and staff was flawless .
The management was easy deal to with during the planning , stages the and by execution the kitchen and wait staff flawless was .
I highly recommend Fraiser's for anyone planning a special event for friends, family or business.
I Fraiser highly recommend ' for s planning anyone a special event friends for , family or business .
I highly Fraiser recommend s ' for planning anyone a special event friends for , family business or .
FANTASTIC STORE!!!
STORE FANTASTIC ! ! !
STORE FANTASTIC ! ! !
I came upon this store as the building caught my eye.
I came this store upon as the caught building my eye .
Came I this upon store as the caught building my eye .
It's located in the huge HONKA Log Homes building, by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway.
S it ' in located the huge Log HONKA Homes building , by off Walmart of Evergreen Parkway .
It ' s located in huge Log the HONKA Homes , building by off Walmart of Evergreen Parkway .
The store was decorated with furnishings & accessories.
The store was with decorated furnishings & . accessories
The was store with decorated furnishings & accessories .
The friendly crew working was great & very helpful.
Friendly the crew working & was great very helpful .
Friendly the crew working was & great helpful very .
This store is what Colorado is all about.
This store is what Colorado is all about .
This store is Colorado what is about all .
Also, I purchased some furniture last year and all has been great!
Also , I some purchased last furniture and all year has been great !
Also , I some furniture purchased last all year and has been great !
It's durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon!
' it s durability & look was and perfect will I definitely to be adding my collection soon !
It s ' durability look & perfect was and I will adding definitely be to my collection soon !
Lovely People, Great Hats
People lovely , Great Hats
Lovely People , Hats Great
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service.
I was to saddened see the reviews that claimed World Mart Hats has poor service .
I was saddened to reviews see the claimed that World Hats has Mart poor service .
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly-accented English.
Led it me believe to that the reviewers had simply tolerating difficulty with people strongly - accented English .
It led me to believe the that reviewers simply had difficulty people tolerating strongly with - accented English .
The husband and wife who run this spot are lovely people.
Husband the wife and who run spot this are lovely people .
The husband wife and who run spot this lovely are people .
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act.
We have had conversations many with them and they always have extremely been patient with as me I tried multiple on hats in search of right the for costumes my magic act .
Have we had many conversations with them and they have always extremely been patient me as with tried I on hats multiple in search of the right for costumes my magic act .
I recommend them highly!
I them recommend highly !
I them recommend highly !
DONT ever go there, not even if your car flips.
ever DONT go there even , not if your car flips .
DONT ever there go , not even your car if flips .
Their service sucks to start off with, people are cruel and ignorant.
Their service sucks to start off with , cruel are people ignorant and .
Service their sucks start to with off , people are cruel ignorant and .
I'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products.
' I m compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .
' I m compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS, they will NOT take it back!
DO they NOT have a policy return and if even their product , SUCKS NOT they will take it back !
DO they NOT have a return and policy if even their product SUCKS , they NOT will take it back !
DO NOT EVER GO HERE.
DO EVER NOT GO HERE .
DO EVER NOT GO HERE .
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people.
I Advanced auto prefer over parts this crappy place with meanest the people .
Prefer I Advanced parts over auto this crappy place with meanest the people .
And they THRIVE to get a customer.
And they THRIVE to get a customer .
And they to get THRIVE a customer .
DO NOT go here..thank you
NOT DO go . here . thank you
DO go NOT here . . you thank
Horrible
Horrible
Horrible
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off.
I been have my growing hair out for 1 year plus and went in get to inch 1 taken off .
Have I been my growing hair out 1 for plus year and went in to 1 get taken inch off .
I walked out with 5 inch long hair on the top, 2 inch long hair on the sides, and 1.5 in the back.
Walked I out inch with 5 hair on long the top , 2 inch long hair on the sides , 1 and . in 5 back the .
Out I walked 5 with hair inch long on the top , 2 inch hair long on the sides , 1 and . 5 the in back .
My hair is uneven and it looks rediculous.
My hair is uneven and looks rediculous it .
Hair my is uneven and looks it rediculous .
This woman should be working in supercuts...if that.
Should this woman be working in supercuts . . if . that .
Should this be woman working in supercuts . . . if that .
This was a terrible experience and I hope that no one else goes through that.
This was a terrible and hope experience I that no one else through goes that .
This was a experience terrible and I hope that no else one goes through that .
Do your self a favor and do not go to this establishment.
Your do a self favor and not do go to this establishment .
Your do self a and favor do not go to establishment this .
The worst Burger King restaurant!!!
Worst Burger the King restaurant ! ! !
The worst Burger King restaurant ! ! !
I generally like the BK over the other fast serving restaurants; however, I regreted to visit this restaurant at my town.
Generally I the like BK over the other fast restaurants serving however ; , regreted I visit to this restaurant at my . town
I generally the like BK the over fast other restaurants serving ; however , regreted I to visit this restaurant at my town .
This is a shame of my adorable town, Branford.
Is this a shame of my town adorable Branford , .
This a is of shame adorable my town , Branford .
I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already.
I ordered a kid meal with a and found milk bottle a half was already opened .
I ordered kid a meal with a milk and a found was bottle half opened already .
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay.
I them asked to it change but they said rudely that it okay was .
I them asked change it to but rudely they said that it was okay .
Disgusting french fries is very best menu.
Disgusting french is fries very menu best .
French disgusting fries is very menu best .
Don't go, or you will learn how to waste your money.
' don t , go you or will how learn to waste your money .
Don ' go t , or will you how learn to waste money your .
Disappointed
Disappointed
Disappointed
The Bad: I was at Napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food.
The Bad : at I was recently and Napa was unpleasantly surprised at svce poor waiter and subpar food .
The Bad : I at was Napa recently and surprised unpleasantly was at poor waiter and svce food subpar .
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes.
We were a party of and 4 of none us particularly were with our pleased dishes .
We were party a 4 of none and of us were pleased particularly our with dishes .
Napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists.
Napa all is about wine gives but very short of the descriptions wines on their . lists
Napa is all wine about but gives short very descriptions of the wines on lists their .
I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed.
I initial found my selection satisfactory the but flight wine we chose be to poorly composed .
Found I my initial satisfactory selection but flight the wine we chose to be composed poorly .
If you must go ask lots of questions about your selections since your expectations may as high as mine were.
You if must go ask lots questions of your about selections your since may as expectations high as mine were .
If you must go lots of ask questions about your selections since may your expectations as high as mine were .
Highly Recommended
Recommended highly
Recommended highly
We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter from kids and the staff.
We walked in pick little to our man at 10 to minutes closing heard laughter and from kids and the staff .
We walked in to pick our little man 10 minutes at to closing heard laughter and from kids and . the staff
The facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal.
The facilities more are and than adequate the staff are just phenomenal .
The are facilities more than adequate and the are just staff phenomenal .
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in.
Their sense of and calmness humour when the dealing with amazes little ones me every time I walk in .
Their sense humour of calmness and when with the dealing little ones amazes me every time I walk in .
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it's worth the extra travel, as the care provided exceeds our expectations... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere.
We have since slightly moved away further the from centre but it ' s the worth travel extra as , the care exceeds provided our expectations . . especially . after few a horrendous daycare experiences . elsewhere
Have we moved since slightly further away from centre the but ' it s worth the extra travel , as the care exceeds provided our expectations . . especially . few after a daycare horrendous elsewhere experiences .
HORRIBLE!!!!!
! HORRIBLE ! ! ! !
! HORRIBLE ! ! ! !
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering.
This has be to some of the pizza worst have I had ever the of misfortune ordering .
This to has be some the of worst I pizza have ever had misfortune the ordering of .
The crust was lopsided, thicker on one side than the other.
The crust was lopsided on , thicker one side the than other .
The crust was lopsided , on thicker side one than other the .
It actually had a hole in one of the slices.
Actually it a had hole one in of the slices .
It had actually hole a in one of the . slices
There was minimal cheese and sauce and it completely lacked flavor.
Minimal there was cheese sauce and and it completely lacked flavor .
Was there minimal cheese and sauce and it completely lacked flavor .
I know New York pizza and this is not it!!
I know New pizza York this and not is it ! !
Know I York New and pizza this is not it ! !
This was nothing like New York style pizza!!!.
This was nothing New like York style pizza ! ! ! .
Was this nothing New like York pizza style ! ! ! .
I love pizza and this was a complete and utter disappointment!!
I love and pizza this was and a complete utter disappointment ! !
I love pizza and this a complete was and disappointment utter ! !
I would not suggest this pizza to anyone!!!
Would I not this suggest to pizza anyone ! ! !
Would I not suggest this pizza to anyone ! ! !
best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I calledA CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services.
best quote gate ever My was halfway open stuck so I CLASS calledA Garage Doors Dr Services .
quote best My ever was gate halfway stuck open so I calledA Garage CLASS Doors Dr Services .
They came to my house in no time and started working on the gate.
Came they my house to in no and time started working on the gate .
They came to my house in time no and started on working the gate .
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it.
Were they very friendly and were to able me explain what was exactly wrong with it .
They were friendly very were and able to explain exactly what me was with wrong it .
Once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever.
Once they fixed it answetred they of all my questions with no hesitations then and gave me best the quote ever .
Once they fixed it they answetred of all my with questions no hesitations then and me gave the best . quote ever
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired, I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors
Know I if that garage door my needs be repaired to , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors
I that know if my garage door to be needs repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Doors Garage
You will be happy at this store!
Will you be at happy this store !
Will you be happy at store this !
Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in Temecula.
Tire allen was by recommended friend after my having bad tire experiences in Temecula .
Tire allen was recommended friend by my after having bad tire experiences Temecula in .
The store manager, Jim Smith, made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus.
The store manager Jim , Smith , tire made an excellent recommendation for my acquired newly Lexus .
Store the manager Jim , Smith made , an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus .
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns.
Tires the were price right and now the feels car like is it riding on rails around . turns
Were tires the right price now and the feels car like it is on riding rails around . turns
The store is clean, run very professionally and a pleasure to be in.
The store is , clean run very professionally a and pleasure to be in .
Is the clean store , run professionally very and a pleasure to be in .
They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right.
They know job their and you do not have them to watch to be everything sure is done right .
Know they and their job you do not have watch to them to be sure everything done is . right
Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car!
Easiest Time I ever had car purchasing a !
Easiest I Time ever had purchasing a ! car
Excellent service, Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch.
Service excellent , Not did only they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the man sales took also out me to . lunch
Excellent service , Not only did get they car exact the wanted win I in 48 hours but sales the man also me took out to lunch .
Very kind and reliable.
Kind very and reliable .
Very kind and . reliable
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service.
Highly I recommend dealership you this if would not like to hassle on price and receive service friendly .
I highly recommend this if dealership you would not like to hassle and on price service receive friendly .
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership, The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard.
I have purchased since two from cars this dealership , one The first from was Phillip and the second was from . Richard
I have purchased since two from cars this dealership , first The one from was Phillip and second was the from Richard .
Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first.
Were both excellent sales put men who my needs first .
Were excellent both sales men who put needs my first .
This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie.
This place has done a of job great taking of care the usual maintenance my on hooptie .
This place has a done job great of taking care the of usual maintenance on my hooptie .
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker...and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me..."the inspection guy isn't here today"....for example.
I also never have to long wait for yearly a sticker inspection . . . never and get the usual other excuses always shops gave me . . . " the guy inspection ' isn t today here " . . . for . example .
I also have never to long wait for yearly a inspection sticker . . . never and get the usual excuses shops always other me . gave . . the " inspection guy isn ' t today here " . . . . for example .
Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection...but I was still out of there pretty quick...barely had time to read a chapter in my book.
I today into went Kwik and Kar there were cars two in front of me for inspection . . . but was I out still of there pretty quick . . had . barely time read to chapter a in my book .
Today I went Kwik into and Kar there were two in cars of front me for inspection . . . but was I still out there of pretty quick . . . barely to time had a read chapter in my book .
Extremely helpful and professional
Extremely and helpful professional
Extremely helpful professional and
As first-time home buyers, my husband and I found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty, extremely helpful.
First as - time home buyers , husband my and I found Stephanie Fairchild Prudential at Realty Steamboat , extremely helpful .
First as - time home buyers my , husband I and found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Realty Steamboat , extremely helpful .
She worked with us for over a year, helping us find our perfect home.
Worked she with for us a over year , helping find us our perfect home .
She with worked us for over a , year helping us find perfect our . home
Stephanie's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range, made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did.
Stephanie ' s knowledge of the and market properties in price our range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy we when . did
' stephanie knowledge s the of market and properties in price our range , us feel made in secure our decision buy to when we did .
We would highly recommend Stephanie to anyone looking for a home in the Yampa Valley.
We would recommend highly Stephanie to looking anyone for a home the in Yampa . Valley
We highly would recommend to Stephanie anyone looking a home for in the Yampa Valley .
We appreciated her patience, knowledge and kindness!
Appreciated we her patience , and knowledge kindness !
We appreciated her patience , knowledge and kindness !
Great Barber
Barber great
Barber great
Firstly, the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick's, or he would know that Nick only charges $13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard.
Firstly , other the reviewer has never clearly been to Nick ' s , he or would know Nick that only charges 13 $ for which a haircut pretty is much industry . standard
Firstly , reviewer the other clearly has to never Nick been s ' or , would he know that Nick only charges $ 13 haircut for a which is pretty much industry standard .
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail.
Have I been going to Nick 5 for months precisely now does because he pay attention to detail .
I been have to going for Nick months 5 now precisely because does he pay attention to detail .
I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right.
Terrible I have hair and he really takes his time to make it look right .
Have I terrible hair and he really his takes time to make look right it .
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par, but if you wait for Nick... you'll be good.
Of the some younger kids that work there are bit par a sub , if but you wait for Nick . . . you ' ll be good .
Some of the kids younger there that work are a bit sub par , but if you for wait . Nick . you . ' ll be good .
UGH!!!
! UGH ! !
! UGH ! !
Got some nice "freshly baked" fruit squares, a personal favorite of mine.
Some got nice freshly " baked fruit " squares , a favorite personal of mine .
Some got nice " freshly baked " squares fruit , a of personal favorite mine .
Took a bite, it tasted odd.
Took a bite , it tasted odd .
A took bite , it tasted . odd
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold!!!!
The flipped over and square it saw riddled with green mold ! ! ! !
Flipped the over square saw and it riddled with green mold ! ! ! !
Ugh!!
! ugh !
! ugh !
I called the store and the clerk giggled, and agreed that it was gross, but said it was not her problem.
I called the the store and clerk giggled , and agreed it that gross was but , said it was not her problem .
I the called and store the giggled clerk , and that it agreed , was gross but said it was not her problem .
She also refused to get a manager.
She refused also to get manager a .
She also refused to get . a manager
I left my number, or tried to anyway.
I left number , my or to tried anyway .
My I left number , or to tried anyway .
Same clerk had considerable difficulty taking down a number.
Same clerk had considerable down difficulty a taking number .
Same clerk had considerable taking down difficulty number a .
I'll never go back there again
' I ll go never back there again
I ' ll never go back there again
For cheap Chinese food, this is the place to go.
For cheap Chinese , food is this place the to go .
For cheap Chinese , food this is the place to go .
I used to eat at places like New China or Green Buffet in Troy, MO - nothing terrible but not that great.
I used eat to at like places China New Green or Buffet Troy in , MO - nothing but terrible that not great .
Used to I eat at places New like China or Green in Buffet , Troy MO - nothing terrible but not that great .
Now, I won't eat fast food Chinese unless it's from this place.
, I now ' won t fast eat food Chinese unless it ' s from place this .
Now , I won ' t eat food fast unless Chinese it ' from place s this .
The best value I've found from a Chinese restaurant.
The I best value ' ve found from a restaurant Chinese .
Best the I value ' ve found from a restaurant Chinese .
I don't live in Lake St. Louis anymore, but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous.
Don I ' t in live Lake St . anymore Louis deliveries , but were always correct and service the courteous .
I don ' live t in Lake St Louis . anymore but , were deliveries always correct the and service . courteous
Now I have to be in the area to get some lovin' :sadface:
I now have be to in area the to get lovin some ' : sadface :
I now have be to the in area to get some lovin ' : : sadface
Amazing Experience!
Amazing ! Experience
Amazing ! Experience
My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa.
My experience amazing was Providence at Aesthetics and Spa Medical .
Experience my was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Spa . Medical
Jana Kueck was nothing but professional.
Kueck jana was but nothing professional .
Jana Kueck was professional nothing but .
She makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world.
She makes feel you you like the are most person important in the world .
Makes she feel you you like are the most important person the in world .
Jana made me feel very comfortable.
Made jana me very feel comfortable .
Made jana me feel comfortable very .
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing.
Provided with me blanket warm and has soft playing music .
Provided me warm with and has blanket soft music playing .
Walking in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed.
Walking in the you door made are to feel happy relaxed and .
In the walking door you are to made feel happy and relaxed .
Equipment is state of the art.
Equipment state is of art the .
Is equipment state the of art .
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer.
I would anyone reccomend to go see Jana Kueck and to Robin see Talley all the many procedures have they offer to .
I would reccomend anyone to go Jana see Kueck and Robin to Talley see all the procedures many they to have offer .
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take.
A dave is patient and methodical teacher , has who a great ear and for sensitivity his students ' passion and direction the they want their lessons to take .
Is a dave patient and methodical , teacher who a has great ear and for sensitivity his students and ' passion the direction want they their to lessons take .
Also, he loves teaching so much, his price is unbeatable, but that does not change his level of skill.
Also , loves he teaching much so , his is price unbeatable but , that does change not level his of skill .
, also he so loves teaching much , his is price unbeatable , but that not does his change level of skill .
Dave has much to offer.
Dave has to much offer .
Dave much has to offer .
In just 2-3 focused lessons, I'm already now capable of picking up new songs off YouTube guitar how to videos and am even writing my own orginals with confidence!
In 2 just - 3 focused lessons , I ' m already now capable picking of songs up new YouTube off how to guitar videos and am even writing own orginals my with ! confidence
Just in 2 - 3 lessons focused I , ' m already now capable picking new of up songs off YouTube guitar how to videos and am even writing my own with confidence orginals !
~Jason
Jason ~
Jason ~
We love our new roof!
We our love new roof !
We love our roof new !
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home.
We like would thank to you the for roofing job did you on our home .
We like would to thank you for roofing the you job did on home our .
Everything was done on a timely manner and things were cleaned and picked up every day when the crew was done.
Everything was done on a timely manner things and cleaned were picked and every up day the when crew was . done
Everything was done timely on manner a and things were cleaned and up picked every day when the crew was done .
We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday.
We also the liked way that Ray on checked job the everyday .
Also we liked way the that Ray checked the on job everyday .
And when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same day.
The and when job was done every thing was up and cleaned hauled off that day same .
When and the job done was every thing was and cleaned up hauled off that day same .
We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again.
Would we hesitate not to use Spears again Roofing .
We would hesitate not use to Roofing Spears again .
We have already recommended you to some of our friends!
We have already recommended you to some of our ! friends
We have already recommended you to some our of friends !
OMFG
OMFG
OMFG
I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST, BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK.
I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO HOT THIS SHOWS CHICK UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEIR THEN IS THIS OTHER THAT CHICK IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SMART SUPER SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST , BUT THEN IS THEIR THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS WHO FUCKING DOG IS FROM SO HIGH THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK .
FUCKING I HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i REALLY BUT MEAN HOT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS UGLY REALY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE SCIENTIST A , BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH HE AND ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO FROM HIGH THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK IS HE TRYING TALK TO .
ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT
ANYWAY DRIVE WE AROUND MY IN VAN SOLVE AND MYSTERYS AND SHIT
WE ANYWAY DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN MYSTERYS AND SOLVE AND SHIT
AMAZINGLY YUMMY!
YUMMY AMAZINGLY !
YUMMY AMAZINGLY !
I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already!
Just I back got from france yesterday just and missed food the already !
Just I got from back france yesterday and just missed the ! food already
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town, I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self!
My sister in law told me this about amazing crepe place new in town , I was so excited just I to and wanted go test it for out self my !
Sister my law in told me about this amazing crepe new place in , town I was so excited just I wanted to go it and test out for my self !
Their customer service was perfect!
Their customer was service perfect !
Their customer was service perfect !
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted.
Their Food was better I then anything ever had tasted .
Food their was then better I anything had ever tasted .
EVEN IN FRANCE!
IN EVEN FRANCE !
IN EVEN FRANCE !
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere, amazing food, and great customer service!
I would highly recommend this place anyone to looking for great atmosphere a amazing , , and food great customer service !
I highly would recommend place this anyone to looking for atmosphere a great , food amazing , and great customer service !
Thank you Roll UP Crepes!
Thank Roll you UP Crepes !
Thank you UP Roll Crepes !
This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry.
This is one worst of the places I stayed have , we cut out stay went short and to the . Mulberry
This is one of the places worst I stayed have , out cut we stay and short went to the Mulberry .
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole.
Even though still they charge the you days you but booked won ' t , use it is worth the get hell the out this of crap hole .
Even though they still you charge the days you booked won but ' use t , it the is worth get hell the this out of crap hole .
The whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager.
Whole the experience hotel shows a managed what by must be a 2 star manager hotel .
The whole experience a shows hotel managed be by what must a star 2 hotel manager .
Bad service starting from the front desk.
Service bad from starting the front desk .
Bad service the starting from front desk .
The best person is the valet.
The person best is valet the .
Best the is person the valet .
Short of that, avoid this place, as a silver Marriott member, this is a disgrace.
That short of , avoid this place , as a silver Marriott , member is this disgrace a .
Short that of avoid , place this , as silver a Marriott member , this a is disgrace .
BEST PLACE IN AMES
BEST IN PLACE AMES
BEST PLACE AMES IN
I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are very nice and clean, and in great condition!
Lived I two here years for the when were prices a little lower : ) The places are very nice and clean , great and in condition !
I lived here for two when the years prices a were little : lower ) The places very are and clean nice and , in great condition !
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex, also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful.
I really enjoyed the staff Wessex at , the also Sherri manager was very always and nice helpful .
Enjoyed I really the staff at Wessex , the also was manager Sherri always very nice and helpful .
The fitness center was GREAT!
The center fitness was GREAT !
The center fitness was GREAT !
The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was that the walls are pretty thin, sometimes I could here my neighbors conversations.
The problem only that I had in 2 living years of there was the that are walls pretty thin , I sometimes could here my neighbors conversations .
The only problem that I had in 2 years of there living that was the walls are pretty thin here , sometimes I could my neighbors conversations .
I would recommend these apartments to anybody!
I recommend would apartments these to anybody !
Would I recommend these to apartments anybody !
I absolutely LOVED living there.
I absolutely LOVED there living .
I absolutely LOVED there living .
The Best Service Ever!!
Best the Service Ever ! !
The Best Ever Service ! !
I have never had better service.
I never have better had service .
I have never had better service .
My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia.
Car my broke down and towed roadside my to vehicle Sussman Kia .
Car my down broke roadside and towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia .
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time.
They squeezed me and in had me back and up in no running time .
Squeezed they me in and had me back up and in running no time .
Everyone was pleasant and very helpful.
Everyone was pleasant helpful and very .
Was everyone pleasant very and helpful .
The service department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished.
The department service gave even me a home ride and picked me when up my car was . finished
The service department me even a gave ride home and picked me up when my car was finished .
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle.
The advisor kept me up to date and on informed the progress of my . vehicle
The advisor me kept to up date and informed the progress on of my vehicle .
I give this dealer an A+!
I this give an dealer A + !
I this give an dealer A + !
I will definitely be bringing my car back for service.
I will definitely be bringing car my for back . service
I definitely bringing will be my car back for service .
HEAVEN ON EARTHHHHHHH!!!!
EARTHHHHHHH HEAVEN ON ! ! ! !
HEAVEN ON EARTHHHHHHH ! ! ! !
MUST TRY!!!
TRY MUST ! ! !
MUST ! TRY ! !
A+++
+ a + +
+ a + +
THIS PLACE IS THE BEST.
THIS PLACE IS THE . BEST
THIS PLACE THE IS BEST .
I HATED SUSHI BEFORE BUT NOW I CANT STOP EATTING IT!!!!!!!
HATED SUSHI I BEFORE NOW BUT CANT I EATTING STOP IT ! ! ! ! ! ! !
HATED I BEFORE BUT SUSHI NOW I CANT STOP EATTING IT ! ! ! ! ! ! !
NICE SERVICE, AND EXCELLENT FOOD.
NICE SERVICE , EXCELLENT FOOD AND .
SERVICE NICE , AND FOOD EXCELLENT .
EVERYTHING IN HERE SEEMS TO AMAZE ME!!!
IN EVERYTHING HERE TO SEEMS AMAZE ! ME ! !
HERE EVERYTHING IN TO SEEMS AMAZE ME ! ! !
THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUTTA THIS WORLD AND SUSHI IS JUST FABULOUS!!!!
THEIR GRILL ARE DISHES OUTTA THIS WORLD AND SUSHI JUST IS FABULOUS ! ! ! !
THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUTTA THIS WORLD SUSHI AND IS JUST ! FABULOUS ! ! !
I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK.
I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A . WEEK
EAT I AT HERE LEAST 5 DAYS WEEK A .
THEY HAVE EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS FOR A FAIR PRICE AND SO IS THE GRILL ORDERS.
HAVE THEY EXCELLENT CHEF SUSHI SPECIAL ROLLS FOR A FAIR PRICE AND SO IS THE ORDERS GRILL .
HAVE THEY EXCELLENT CHEF SUSHI SPECIAL ROLLS FOR FAIR A PRICE AND SO IS THE GRILL ORDERS .
A++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
+ a + + + ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
+ a + + + ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
JUNO AND OPEN I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JUNO AND OPEN LOVE I YOU ! GUYS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
JUNO AND YOU OPEN I LOVE ! GUYS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
[no homo] :D
[ homo no ] : D
[ homo no ] : D
friendly, fine food
friendly , food fine
, friendly fine food
The one-star review from 2005 is out of date.
One the - review star from is 2005 out of date .
One the - review star from 2005 is of out date .
There was a change of ownership a couple of years ago and service is both quick and extremely friendly.
There was a change a of ownership of couple years and is ago service both quick and extremely friendly .
Was there a of change ownership a couple of ago and years service is both quick and extremely friendly .
The food continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches, homemade soups, fresh salads.
The food be continues good to very - - sandwiches deli , homemade soups , fresh salads .
The food continues be to good very - - deli sandwiches soups , homemade , salads fresh .
The atmosphere may not be for everyone.
The may atmosphere not for be everyone .
Atmosphere the may not be for . everyone
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table (as in many European cafes), but if you are OK with that, the food is very good.
It is bustling place a where separate parties are seated the at same ( table in as many cafes European ) but , if you are OK with that , the is food very good .
It is a bustling place where parties separate are seated the at table same ( as in many European ) cafes , but you if with are OK that , food the very is . good
Love the soups.
The love soups .
The love soups .
The New Italian Kid on the Block
The New Italian Kid the Block on
New the Italian Kid on Block the
Another Italian restaurant in Collingswood?
Another restaurant Italian in Collingswood ?
Italian another restaurant in Collingswood ?
Do we need another one?
Do we another need one ?
Do we another need one ?
Only if it is of the quality of That's Amore.
If only it is of the of quality That ' s . Amore
Only is if it of the quality That of ' s Amore .
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch.
The menu has usual the but then they step another it notch up .
The menu the has but usual then step they up it another notch .
The arancini di riso (risotto fritters) are not to be missed.
The arancini di riso ( risotto ) not fritters are be to missed .
The di riso arancini ( risotto fritters ) are be not to missed .
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven.
Chicken excellent saltimboca was and then ' there s the mousse that chocolate comes straight from heaven .
Saltimboca chicken was and excellent then there ' s the mousse chocolate straight that comes from heaven .
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree.
Pay extra the attention to appetizers - the time I next go I there ' m planning on a ordered few instead of entree an .
Pay attention extra the appetizers to - the next time go I I there ' m planning on a ordered few instead of entree an .
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used.
Auto Towing is one of best the services I towing have used .
Towing auto one is the of best towing services I have used .
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed.
First the I time used them they arrived on time and towed car for the me to destination I needed .
The first time used I them they arrived time on and towed car me for the to I destination . needed
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had.
The auto mechanics for that work Towing Auto are very friendly and and informative answered any I question . had
The auto mechanics work that Auto for friendly Towing are and very informative and answered any question I had .
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services.
They have towed car for me few a times and am I very always satisfied with this services .
They have towed car for me few a times I and am always very satisfied this with services .
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service, then Auto Towing is the company for you.
If you are looking towing for services that offer can you a good towed service car , then Auto Towing is the company for you .
You if are looking for towing services offer that you can good a towed car service then , Auto Towing the is company for you .
A very satisfied new customer!
A very satisfied new ! customer
A very satisfied customer new !
As a very satisfied new customer, I wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct Cleaning.
As satisfied a very customer new , I wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct . Cleaning
As a satisfied very new customer , wholeheartedly I recommend United Air Duct Cleaning .
They are professional, knowledgeable, and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work.
They professional are , , knowledgeable and meticulous take care pride and in accomplishing their . work
Are they , professional knowledgeable , meticulous and take and care pride in accomplishing their work .
Not only were my wife and I very pleased, but I also had the air duct quality tested professionally by the home inspector that I regularly use, before and after United Air Duct performed their work.
Not only were and my I wife very pleased , but I also had air the duct quality tested professionally by home the inspector that I regularly use , before and after United Air Duct performed their . work
Not only were wife my and I very pleased , but also I the had air duct quality by professionally tested the home inspector that I use regularly before , United and after Air Duct performed their work .
Based on the test results, the home inspector stated that the quality of their job was excellent.
Based on the results test the , home stated inspector the that of quality their job was excellent   .
Based on test the results , the home inspector stated quality that the of their job excellent was   .
The Best Breakfast in Solana Beach!
The Best Breakfast Beach in Solana !
Breakfast the Best in Solana Beach !
We love T's Cafe!
We love ' s T Cafe !
We T love ' Cafe s !
Without a doubt the best place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict.
Without a doubt best the to place bloody grab a tall mary and some eggs benedict .
Without a the doubt place best to grab a tall bloody mary and some benedict eggs .
T's has been a North County landmark for thirty years and with good reason.
T s ' has been North a County landmark for years thirty and good with . reason
T ' s has been North a County landmark thirty for years with and good reason .
Family owned and operated makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home-cooked with style.
Family and operated owned sure makes the atmosphere is and relaxed the home food - cooked with style .
Family owned and makes operated the sure atmosphere relaxed is and the home food - with cooked style .
I highly recommend picking up a jug of their homemade bloody mary mix - definitely the best.
I recommend highly picking up jug a of their bloody mix homemade mary - definitely the best .
Highly recommend I picking up a jug of their bloody homemade mary mix - definitely the best .
If you've been to North County, chances are it's in your favorites list already.
You if ' ve to been County North , it chances are ' in s your favorites list already .
If you ve ' been County to North , are chances it ' in s favorites your list already .
Prominent Builders NJ
Prominent NJ Builders
Builders prominent NJ
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors, I was referred to them by my friend, I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation, and addition.
Builders prominent New in Jersey are one best the building contractors I was , referred to my them by friend , I am so glad used I them for Home renovation my , and addition .
Prominent Builders Jersey in are New one best the building contractors , was referred I to them by friend my , am I so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .
They were very professional, respectful, completed the Job on time, and well below my budget.
Very they were professional , respectful , completed Job the on time , well and below my . budget
Were they professional very , , respectful completed the Job on time , and well below my budget .
Mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me.
Mike one of was owners awesome , he explained the detailed , plan and executed on time , I am always use going and refer them to them many friends I can of because the great they job did me .
Of mike one owners was awesome , explained he detailed the plan , and on executed time , I am always going use refer them and them to friends many can I because the of great job they did me .
Great Dude Cut!
Great Dude ! Cut
Great Cut Dude !
Great service, cool vibe, impeccable style.
Service great cool , vibe , impeccable style .
Service great , cool vibe , style impeccable .
I'ma guy with tricky hair so getting that right is job #1.
' I ma guy with tricky hair so getting that is right job # 1 .
I ' ma with guy hair tricky so that getting is right job # 1 .
After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice at Alta Moda.
Going after through 5 other places finally I at found Janice Alta Moda .
After going through places 5 other finally I found at Janice Alta Moda .
Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had.
Only not it a was but good cut my and wife comment friends on my hair every time I . leave . . saying it ' s the look best I ve ' ever had .
Only not was it a good but cut my wife and friends comment on my every time hair leave I . . . it saying s ' the look best I ' had ve ever .
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius.
Either I at suck my style own or Janice a is genius .
Either I suck my at own style or Janice genius is a .
Looks like there's a lot of talent in this place.
Looks there like ' s a lot of talent in this place .
Looks like ' there a s of lot talent in this place .
Worth every penny.
Worth penny every .
Worth every . penny
My Favorite place at Wildwood
My Favorite place Wildwood at
My Favorite at place Wildwood
I have been going to the Wildwood, NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first.
I been have going to Wildwood the , NJ for over for 30 years summer vacations always and call the Madrid . first
Have I been going to the , NJ Wildwood for over 30 years for summer vacations and always the call Madrid first .
I rated it 5 stars.
I rated it stars 5 .
I rated 5 it stars .
I am not saying it is a 5 star hotel.
Am not I saying it is 5 a star hotel .
Am I saying not it is a 5 hotel star .
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood, this hotel has everything that we are looking for.
I am when comparing saying other all hotels in , Wildwood this has hotel everything we that are looking for .
I am when saying comparing all hotels other in Wildwood , hotel this everything has we that are for looking .
It is the hospitality from Tom and staff, that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach.
Is the it from hospitality Tom and staff , that makes it feel 5 like a hotel star in the middle of beach the .
Is it hospitality the from and Tom staff , that makes it feel like a star 5 hotel in the middle of beach the .
We prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean.
Prefer we the layout of and it rooms is always clean .
We prefer the of layout and rooms it is clean always .
When in Scordia, Sicily
In when Scordia , Sicily
When in Scordia Sicily ,
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia.
If in ever Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .
If ever Sicily in please take time the visit to Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .
They are and always will be the nicest people in Sicily that you will meet.
They are always and will the be people nicest in Sicily that you meet will .
They are always and be will the nicest people in Sicily will that you meet .
You will also have the pleasure of learning the Italiano language.
Will you also have the pleasure of learning Italiano the . language
You will have also the of pleasure learning the language Italiano .
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture, that I have fallen in luv with.
You will also have the experience of learning Sicilian the bella , culture I that have fallen with in luv .
You will also the have experience of learning bella the Sicilian culture , I that have fallen in with luv .
I will 4-ever be eternally grateful for their hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I was there for 3 years.
I will 4 - be ever grateful eternally for their hospitality luv and that Sicilian my family showed me I was when there 3 years for .
4 I will - ever be eternally their grateful for hospitality luv and my that Sicilian showed family me when I was there for years 3 .
Luv always..
Always luv . .
Always luv . .
I've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before, but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels (whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs) I would now not recommend this business to anybody.
I ' ve need never felt the to write a review or make a before complaint , but after the way spoken I was to by a member of at staff kennels the ( whose name I believe to Mrs be Closs ) I would now not this recommend business to anybody .
I ' ve never felt need the to write review a or make a before complaint , but the after way was I spoken to a by member of staff at kennels the ( whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs I would ) now not recommend this business to . anybody
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired!
Animals if the are treated the in way same the customers treated are then this leaves a to lot be desired !
If the are animals treated in the way same customers are the treated then this leaves lot a be to desired !
Nobody should be spoken to like that regardless of how bad their day may have been or what may be going on in their private lives!
Nobody be should spoken to like regardless that how of bad their day may have been what or may be going on in their private lives !
Nobody should be spoken that to like of regardless how bad their day may have been or be what may going on their in private lives !
Best Car Dealer in TX
Car best Dealer in TX
Best Car in Dealer TX
I purchased a nissan from this dealship.
I a purchased nissan from dealship this .
I a purchased nissan from dealship this .
The sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at.
The sales men very were about knowledgeable every of aspect every car looked we at .
The sales men very knowledgeable were about every aspect every of we car looked at .
They were very patient and helpful from showing the cars to doing the paperwork.
Were they patient very and helpful from showing the cars doing the to paperwork .
They were very and patient from helpful showing the cars doing to paperwork the .
The paperwork was a very easy and smooth.
The was paperwork a very and easy smooth .
The was paperwork a very easy smooth and .
They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it won't hurt my score.
Tried they to run credit my score as less possible as it so won ' t hurt my score .
To they tried run my credit as score as less so possible it won ' t hurt score my .
Overall, I was very happy with the customer service and my purchase.
I overall , was happy very with customer the service and my purchase .
Overall , I was very happy with customer the service and my . purchase
If you're looking to buy a car, definitely give them a call.
If you ' re to looking buy a car , definitely give them call a .
You if ' re looking to buy car a , give definitely them a . call
They have a huge inventory.
Have they a huge inventory .
Have they a huge inventory .
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great.
I been have a a NW patient hospital and it was great .
Have I a been patient NW a hospital and it was great .
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital.
I have also had an 80 yr old that I of take sent to the ER and long stays in the . hospital
I have had also 80 an yr old that take I of sent to the ER stays and long the in hospital .
Yes, we had to wait, but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first.
, yes had we to wait , but ER is a triage takes system that the most threatening life first cases .
Yes , had we wait to , but ER is triage a system that takes the most cases life first threatening .
Any ER would be the same.
Any ER the would be same .
Any would ER be same the .
As far as being treated like a drug seeker, that has not been my experience.
As as far treated being like drug a seeker , that has my not been experience .
Far as as treated being like a drug seeker , that not has been experience . my
As a nurse I know about drug seekers.
As a I know nurse about drug seekers .
As a nurse I know about drug seekers .
This is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system.
This is a hospital great even better and since it part became the of UW system .
This a is great hospital even and better since became it the part of UW system .
Wonderful Experience
Experience wonderful
Experience wonderful
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning, with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday.
Had I immense pain on a Sunday , morning friends with family and telling that me would I never find a Dentist on Sunday a .
I had immense on pain a morning Sunday , with and friends telling family that me I would find never a Dentist on a . Sunday
Dr. Taylor was not only available on a Sunday, but also was able to immediately take care of me.
Dr . was Taylor not only a available on Sunday , but also was able to immediately take of care me .
. dr Taylor was not only on available Sunday a , but also able was to take care immediately of me .
He was incredibly informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from.
Was he incredibly informative the about I options had , me giving opinions different on treatments choose to from .
He was incredibly about informative I the options had , me giving on opinions treatments different to choose from .
Coming from a person who hates the dentist in general, Dr. Taylor was the best!
From coming a person who the hates dentist general in , Dr . Taylor the was ! best
Coming from a person hates who the dentist in general , Dr Taylor . was best the !
He really made the visit a pain free one with excellent service!
He really the visit made a pain free one with service excellent !
He really made the visit a one pain free with excellent ! service
I would recommend him to everyone!
Recommend I would him to everyone !
I recommend would to him everyone !
HORRIBLE
HORRIBLE
HORRIBLE
This school is the worst one i've ever been to.
This school the is worst one i ' ve been ever . to
This is school the worst i one ' ve been ever to .
I attended it for 2 years, and that was enough.
I it attended for 2 years and , that enough was .
Attended I for it 2 years , that and was enough .
There's holes everywhere in the ceiling, sewage constantly leaks through the ceiling, and the whole condition of the school is horrible.
There ' holes s in everywhere the sewage ceiling , constantly through leaks the ceiling , and the whole of condition the school is . horrible
' there s holes in everywhere the ceiling sewage , constantly leaks the through ceiling , the and whole condition of the school is horrible .
The staff and the Principal are rediculous, they don't listen to any input, and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks, because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student's).
The staff the and Principal are rediculous , they don ' listen t to any input , and they up rediculous make rules ( They banned backpacks , because a TRIPPED teacher OVER a student s ' ) .
The and staff Principal the are rediculous , they don ' listen t to input any , they and make up rediculous ( They rules banned backpacks because , a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student ' s ) .
The education is horrible at best, do society a favor, and do NOT send your student here.
Education the is best horrible at , society do favor a , and do NOT send your here student .
The is education horrible at best do , society a , favor and do NOT your send student here .
Excellent customer service and quality work.
Excellent service customer quality and work .
Excellent customer and service work quality .
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots-- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels.
They went the extra mile to repair my boots cowboy - - they to have had a kind special that of looked paper like wood grain the to fix heels .
They went the extra mile to repair my boots cowboy - - had they to have a special kind of that paper like looked wood grain fix to the heels .
That was 4 years ago.
That 4 was years ago .
Was that 4 years ago .
I haven't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it.
I ' haven been t able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been to able it do .
I haven t ' been able to find a shoe repair in place since Seattle that has to been able it do .
(I've been through at least 5 places already.)
( I ' ve been through at places least 5 . already )
( I ve ' been through least at places 5 already . )
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week, I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again.
I if time to had drive to Tacoma before they during closed the work , week would just I so could I get those boots fixed properly again .
If I had time to drive Tacoma to before they closed during work the , week I would just I could so get those fixed boots properly again .
So Handy for Local La Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers
So Handy for La Local Jolla Stuff - for Finding Especially Residential Numbers
So handy for La Local Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers
Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village, I have referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers.
Back since moving from college and to trying settle roots in Village the , I referred have to La the Blue Jolla Book for a ton of local numbers .
Since back moving college from and trying to roots settle the Village in , I have referred to the Blue La Jolla for Book a ton of numbers local .
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook.
The white pages allowed to me get in touch with parents of my school high so friends that I could track people down one by one the and restaurant section is basically my cookbook .
The white pages to allowed get me in parents touch with of high my school friends so that I could track people down by one and one restaurant the is section basically my cookbook .
It's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word.
It ' s really cool that many so local businesses found are quickly so in place one and I spread want to word the .
It s ' really cool that so local many businesses found are quickly so one in and place want I to spread the word .
THX:-)
: THX - )
: THX - )
The staff do occasionally get game info correct, but if your looking fot a good game and aren'ta nerd, dont ask them.
The do staff occasionally get correct game info , but if looking your good fot a game and aren ' nerd ta dont , ask them .
The staff do occasionally get game info correct if , but looking your a fot good game aren and ' nerd ta dont , ask . them
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps.
Last time the did I that I was suggested to buy oblivion I when told them I was looking for a fps .
The time last I that did I was suggested to oblivion buy I told when them I was looking for fps a .
I knew what it was and told the guy that it wasn'ta fps.
I knew was what and it told the guy that wasn it ' ta fps .
I what knew it was and told guy the it that ' wasn ta fps .
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue.
Tried he tell to me it was when I told him asked if he knew what for fps stood and he had no clue .
He tried to tell it me when was I told him asked if what he knew fps for stood and he had clue no .
Overall they aren't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market.
They overall aren ' t about knowledge very the type of games are the on market .
They overall aren ' t very knowledge the type about games of are on market the .
First and Last time we'll eat there
And first Last time we ' eat ll there
And first Last time we ' eat ll there
My friend and I went there for lunch today.
My and friend went I for there lunch today .
My friend I and went there for lunch today .
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we'd try it.
Neither one of had us ever been - so we thought ' we d it try .
Neither one us of ever had been - thought so we we ' d try . it
BIG MISTAKE - The food was tasteless and cold.
BIG MISTAKE - The food was and tasteless cold .
BIG - MISTAKE The food tasteless was cold and .
We both kept trying to find something we liked.
We both kept trying to find we something liked .
We both kept trying to something find we liked .
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful.
Only thing the found I were edible the potato wedges I , finally up gave he , kept trying - he found fried the wantons to be OK - bowl His Mongolian was awful .
Only the thing I edible found were the wedges potato I , gave finally , up he kept trying - he the found fried wantons be to OK - His Mongolian was awful bowl .
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save your money and go somewhere else.
Would recommend NOT this place to - in anyone - fact save your and money go somewhere else .
Recommend would NOT place this anyone to - in fact - your save money and go somewhere else .
Liquidweb.com Rocks!!!
Liquidweb com . ! Rocks ! !
. com liquidweb Rocks ! ! !
I am not a client of liquidweb.com, but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites.
Am I a not client of liquidweb com . but , one of my friend called is Steven client the having websites several .
Am I not a client liquidweb of . com , but of one my Steven friend called the is client having several . websites
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb.
Work I him and with since past 6 years is he hosting his websites Liquidweb to .
Work I him with and past since 6 years is he his hosting websites to Liquidweb .
As I have gone through many reviews sites to see if any provider is providing better services or not, and I have realized that there were many good reviews about Liquidweb also Steven never faced any server issues in his whole hosting.
I as have gone through reviews many sites see to if any provider is providing services better or not , I and have realized that there were many good reviews about Liquidweb Steven also never faced any server issues in his whole hosting .
As have I gone through many reviews sites if to any see provider is providing better services or not , and have I that realized there were many good about reviews Liquidweb also Steven never faced any server issues in whole his hosting .
The kind of support they provide is simply great!!!
The kind of support they provide is simply ! great ! !
The kind they of support provide is great simply ! ! !
I would like to host my upcoming website to Liquidweb.com
I like would to host my upcoming to website Liquidweb com .
I like would to host upcoming my website Liquidweb to . com
Hino Dealer of the Year
Hino of Dealer the Year
Dealer hino of the Year
Congratulations Prestige Hino!
Prestige congratulations Hino !
Prestige congratulations Hino !
You have been awarded the converted Hino Dealer of the Year!
Have you been the awarded converted Dealer Hino of the Year !
You been have awarded converted the Hino of Dealer the Year !
Each of you should be proud of your massive contributions throughout the year!
Of each should you proud be your of massive contributions throughout the year !
Of each should you be proud of your massive contributions throughout the year !
Major Awards  Overall Hino dealer of the year.
Awards Overall major  Hino dealer of the year .
Major awards Overall  Hino dealer of the year .
Overall Hino finance dealer of the year.
Overall Hino dealer of finance the year .
Overall Hino finance dealer of the year .
Major Awards  Market leader overall, Dandenong PMA, sales.
Major Awards Market  leader overall PMA , Dandenong , sales .
Awards major  Market leader overall , Dandenong , PMA . sales
Market leader medium duty, sales.
Medium market leader duty , sales .
Leader market duty medium , sales .
Well done to Anthony and the team!
Well to Anthony done and the team !
Well done Anthony and to the team !
Bronze award service excellence, metro.
Bronze service excellence award , metro .
Award bronze service excellence , . metro
Well done to Brendan and the team!
Done well to Brendan and the ! team
Well done to and Brendan the ! team
Gold award parts excellence, metro.
Gold award parts excellence , metro .
Award gold parts , excellence metro .
Well done to Jason and the team!
Well done to Jason and the team !
Done to well Jason and the team !
simple but perfect
simple perfect but
but simple perfect
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes, this is not the place for you.
want IF you fancy flashy food stacked high lots with of garnishes fussy , this is not the place you for .
IF want you flashy fancy stacked food high lots with of garnishes fussy , this not is the place you for .
If you want perfectly executed simple dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients, you'll love Vetri.
If want you executed perfectly simple that dishes feature a few exquisite , ingredients you ' Vetri ll love .
You if want perfectly executed simple that dishes few feature a ingredients exquisite , ' you ll love Vetri .
Hands-down the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot).
Hands - down best the and pasta gnocchi ' I ve eaten ( ever and ' I ve eaten a lot ) .
Hands - the down pasta and best I gnocchi ' ever ve ( eaten and I ' ve eaten a lot ) .
The antipasti were amazing, the wines were mind-blowing, the service couldn't have been better.
Antipasti the amazing were the , wines were mind - the blowing , service couldn ' have t been better .
The antipasti amazing were the were , wines - mind blowing , the service couldn ' t been have better .
I've dined at lots of high-end restaurants and I've never before felt my money was so well spent.
I ' ve dined lots at of high - restaurants and end I ' never ve felt before my so money was well spent .
I ve ' dined at of lots high - end restaurants and I ' ve before felt never my money was so spent well .
Great Prices, Great service!
Prices great , Great service !
Great Prices , service Great !
I've been to this shop twice (once for an inspection and again for an oil change) and they truly live up to their name: Discount!
' I ve been to this shop twice ( inspection once for and an again an for oil change ) and they truly live up to their : name Discount !
' been I ve to this shop twice ( once for an and inspection for again an change oil ) and they truly live up to name their : Discount !
They have all kind of coupons available for car washes, oil changes, state inspection, etc.
They have all kind of coupons available for car washes , changes oil , inspection state , . etc
They all kind of have available coupons for car washes , changes oil , state inspection , etc .
The thing is, you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rates!
The is thing , you still get quality high at service nicely discounted ! rates
The thing , is you get still high quality at service nicely discounted ! rates
There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you'd like.
There is even free coffee and of bottles if water ' you like d .
There is even coffee free and of bottles if water you d ' like .
The owner is a pleasant guy and I would trust my car with him or any of his workers.
The owner is a pleasant and guy I would trust my with car or him any of workers his .
The is owner a guy pleasant and trust I would my car with him or his any of workers .
Top notch, all the way!
Top notch , all the way !
Notch top all , the way !
David is amazing
Is david amazing
David amazing is
David is the most helpful and creative photographer that I have used.
Is david the most helpful creative and photographer that have I used .
Is david the most helpful and creative photographer that used I have .
He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation.
He willing is to do you whatever need from him hesitation without .
He is do willing to whatever need you from him without hesitation .
He was patient and adapted when everything didn't go according to schedule on my wedding day.
He patient was and adapted when didn everything ' go according to t schedule on my wedding day .
He was and patient when adapted everything didn ' t according go to schedule on wedding day my .
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing.
Both the engagement wedding that and he pictures took for us we absolutely amazing .
Both the engagement wedding and pictures that he for took us absolutely we . amazing
He got the pictures back to me quickly.
He got the pictures to back quickly me .
He the got pictures back me to quickly .
I would highly recommend David to anyone.
Would I highly David recommend to anyone .
I highly recommend would David to anyone .
He will exceed your expectations!
He will your exceed expectations !
Will he exceed your expectations !
He doesn't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you won't even notice that there's a camera there.
He doesn t ' take just pictures he makes art out of them and won you ' even t notice there that ' s a there camera .
He doesn ' t take just pictures makes he art out of them and won you ' t notice that even there s ' a camera there .
Not so great
So not great
So not great
My husband just got a bike there as a gift he's only had it a month.
My husband just got a bike there a as he gift ' only s it had month a .
My just husband got bike a as there gift a he ' s only had it month a .
It's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money.
It ' a s nice bike it and cost lot a money of .
It s ' a bike nice cost and it a lot of money .
But just this week a peddle broke.
But just a this week peddle broke .
But just this week a peddle broke .
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes??
He took it and back they honor would not a warranty and said it was his fault of shoes because his ? ?
Took he it back and they would not a warranty honor and said it was his fault because his of shoes ? ?
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price.
So they were going to charge him for peddles new proceeded and to put on them without even telling the him price .
So were they to going charge him for new peddles and to proceeded put them on without even telling the him price .
Which was very expensive.
Which was very . expensive
Was which very expensive .
He asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off??
He for asked a different pair and instead they gave only him five dollars off ? ?
Asked he for a different instead pair they and only gave five dollars him off ? ?
Trek is not so great
Is trek not so great
Trek not is so great
Only Concerned With Money
Concerned only With Money
Concerned only With Money
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect.
Have I been getting my treatments for a few months and now have some seen results not but up to standards the that I was I told should . expect
I have been my getting treatments for few months a and now seen have some results but not up to the standards that was I told I should . expect
The people there attempt to come across and professional and nice, but I was disappointed with their customer service.
People the there attempt to come professional and across and nice , I but was disappointed with their service customer .
People the there attempt come to and across professional and nice , but was I disappointed with their customer service .
Never miss an appointment because they will charge you the price of a treatment, even if you had an emergency.
Miss never an appointment because they charge will you the price of a treatment , even if you emergency had an .
An never miss because appointment they will charge you the price treatment of a , even if you an had emergency .
It's pretty ridiculous!
It ' s ridiculous pretty !
It ' s pretty ! ridiculous
They want to squeeze as much as they can from you even if you just got in a car accident!!!!
They to much want squeeze as they as can you from even if you got just in a car accident ! ! ! !
They want to squeeze as much as can they from even you you if just got a in car accident ! ! ! !
They don't care one bit about you!!!!!
Don they ' t one care bit you ! about ! ! ! !
They don ' care t one bit you about ! ! ! ! !
Terrible service!!!
Service terrible ! ! !
Service terrible ! ! !
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate.
An made have appointment to them come to the house discuss to options curtain and give an estimate .
An made appointment have to them come the to house discuss to curtain options and an give estimate .
They sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate.
They sent over someone who he said knows nothing curtains about and could show not me fabric options or give estimate an .
They over someone sent who he said knows nothing about and curtains could show not me fabric options or give estimate an .
When I called the manager to complain, she said she KNEW the guy didn't know about curtains and that the usual lady called in sick hours earlier!
When I the manager called to complain , she said she KNEW the guy didn ' know about t and curtains the that usual called lady in sick hours earlier !
When called the I manager to complain , she said she KNEW the guy didn t ' about know that curtains the and usual called lady sick in hours earlier !
Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead.
Instead of rescheduling chose they to my time waste instead .
Instead of rescheduling chose they to waste my time instead .
So what was the point of the appointment!?!
What so was the point the appointment of ! ? !
So what was the point of appointment the ! ? !
To just come over and hang out?!?
To just come out over and hang ? ! ?
Just to over come hang and out ? ! ?
I will NEVER do business with this company!
Will I NEVER do business with this ! company
Will I NEVER do business this with company !
EVER!!!
! EVER ! !
! EVER ! !
Internet Department is rude and insulting
Department internet is rude and insulting
Internet Department is and rude insulting
I was looking to bring a customer to their lot to buy a car but the Internet salesperson Last name is Balazick sent me this email "AND IF IT WAS WORTH MY TIME I WOULD OF BOTHERED ASWERING YOUR QUESTIONS.
I was to looking bring customer a to lot their to a buy car but the Internet salesperson Last name is Balazick sent me email this " AND IF WAS WORTH IT MY TIME I WOULD OF BOTHERED ASWERING YOUR . QUESTIONS
Was I looking to a bring customer their to lot to a buy car but salesperson Last the Internet name is Balazick sent me this " email AND IF IT WAS WORTH MY TIME I WOULD BOTHERED OF ASWERING YOUR QUESTIONS .
I MAKE MONEY NOT DEAL WITH BROKERS" Wow, can you believe in todays tough times this dealership would be looking for any way to move vehicles.
I MAKE MONEY NOT WITH DEAL BROKERS Wow " , can you believe in todays tough times dealership this be would for looking any way to vehicles move .
MAKE MONEY I NOT DEAL WITH BROKERS " Wow , can you in believe tough todays times this would dealership be looking for any way to move . vehicles
As a previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in with a broker.
As a Internet previous I Manager would deal with looking to buy anyone a for car a profit not and care if they in came with a broker .
As a previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking buy to a for car a and if profit not care they came in with a broker .
Stay away from this dealership!!!
Stay from away this ! dealership ! !
Stay this away from dealership ! ! !
This place is a Rip-Off
This is place Rip a - Off
This place is Rip a Off -
I brought a car in to have the "check engine" light diagnosed back in March of 2010.
I a brought car to in have " the engine check " light diagnosed back March in 2010 of .
Brought I a car to in have the " engine check " back light diagnosed in of March 2010 .
They said it was "plugs and wires" and quoted me $330 to do the work, including parts.
They it said was " wires plugs and and " quoted $ me 330 to the do work , including parts .
They it said was " plugs and " wires and quoted me 330 $ do to the , work parts including .
I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way.
Asked I why so they high and it said was due to the labor of moving things out way of the .
Why I asked high so and they it said was the due to labor of moving things out of the way .
Those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank (1 screw) and the air filter canister (4 spring clips).
Those things ended up being washer a windsheild fluid tank ( screw ) 1 and the air filter canister ( 4 clips spring ) .
Things ended those up being a windsheild fluid washer tank ( 1 screw ) and the filter canister air ( spring 4 ) clips .
I did the work myself for $50.
I did work the myself $ for 50 .
Did I work the myself for $ 50 .
There's no excuse for that kind of estimate.
There ' s excuse no for kind that of . estimate
There ' s no excuse for that of kind estimate .
My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we didn't want to wait in line at Outback.
My girlfriend and I a chance took on this place because didn we ' want t to wait in Outback line at .
Girlfriend my and I took a on this chance place because we ' didn want t to in wait line at Outback .
What an amazing find - this restaurant is a GEM.
What an amazing find this - restaurant is a GEM .
What an amazing find - this restaurant a is GEM .
#1 its immaculately clean.
# 1 immaculately its clean .
# 1 immaculately its clean .
#2 the decor is tasteful and artistic, from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures.... and (most importantly) #3 the food is FANTASTIC.
2 the # decor is and tasteful artistic , from the chairs comfortable to elegant the light fixtures . . . . and most ( ) importantly # 3 the food is . FANTASTIC
# 2 the is decor tasteful , and from artistic the comfortable chairs to the elegant fixtures light . . . . and ( ) most importantly # 3 the is food FANTASTIC .
This is authentic Cuban cuisine; fresh ingredients expertly prepared and seasoned perfectly.
Is this authentic Cuban cuisine ; ingredients fresh expertly prepared seasoned perfectly and .
Is this authentic cuisine Cuban ; fresh expertly ingredients prepared and perfectly seasoned .
The portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant.
The were portions generous we and got out less for than the cost of entree one at some chain restaurant .
The portions were generous and out we got for the less than cost one of at entree some chain restaurant .
TRY THIS PLACE - YOU'LL LOVE IT.
TRY THIS PLACE - YOU ' LL IT LOVE .
TRY THIS - PLACE YOU ' LL LOVE IT .
Thank you for helping me get more healthy!
Thank for helping you me get more healthy !
Thank you helping for me get healthy more !
I came in and saw Dr. Ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking.
I came and in Dr saw . Ruona a about month for ago quitting smoking .
Came I and in saw Dr Ruona . a about month ago for quitting smoking .
I have to tell you that I haven't had one and don't want one.
I have you to tell that I haven ' t had don one and t ' want one .
I have to tell you that I ' haven t had one don and ' want t one .
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too.
It is easiest thing the that have I ever and done I tell all my friends they that do should it too .
Is it easiest the that thing I have done ever and I tell all my friends they that should do too it .
I sent a customer of mine to you.
I sent a of customer mine you to .
I customer sent a of mine to you .
Dr. Ruona, if you read this, thank you for helping me get more healthy.
Dr . , Ruona you if this read , you thank for helping get me more healthy .
Dr . , Ruona if you read this , thank you helping for get more me . healthy
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before.
I feel and lighter feel that have I more possibilities open to now me than I did before .
I feel and lighter feel have I that possibilities more open to me now than I did before .
I can't thank you enough.
Can I ' t thank enough you .
Can I ' thank t you enough .
Signs of Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners etc.
Signs of Saltford - an supplier excellent of value for money signs and banners . etc
Of signs Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for signs money and banners etc .
I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago.
I have a been friend and of customer Signs of Saltford well for over years now 12 I and also became their supplier website some 3 ago years .
I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for over well 12 now years I and became also supplier their website some years ago 3 .
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates.
Tina is the driving force the of business and you can be that assured she will to endevour satisfy all signage requirements your the cost at effective most rates .
Tina is driving the force the of business and can you be assured that she will endevour all satisfy to signage your at requirements the most effective cost rates .
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop-up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris.
I have been extremely with pleased the signs and pop - banners up she has supplied to me the over years - a truly class first family business by run and Tina her husband Chris .
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop up banners - she has to supplied me over years the - truly a first family class business run by and Tina her Chris husband .
My counseling practice
Counseling my practice
Counseling my practice
Hello my name is Vera and I'm writing a review about my own counseling practice in Bellevue, WA. and in Renton WA.
Hello name my is Vera I and ' a m writing review own about my counseling in practice Bellevue , WA . in and Renton WA .
Hello name my and is Vera I ' m writing a review about own my practice counseling in Bellevue WA , . and in Renton WA .
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems.
I am a licensed mental counselor health I and work variety of with health mental problems .
Am I mental a licensed health counselor and work I with of variety mental health problems .
I offer compassionate, approachable and personalized counseling services.
Offer I compassionate , approachable personalized and services counseling .
Offer I compassionate , and approachable personalized services counseling .
My style is compassionate, nonjudgmental, and caring.
My style is compassionate nonjudgmental , and , . caring
My style is compassionate , , nonjudgmental and caring .
Please visit my website to learn more about my practice at www.veraakulov.com.
Please visit website my to learn about more my practice at . veraakulov www com . .
Visit please my website to more about my practice learn at www . veraakulov . com .
I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies.
I am a preferred provider with most insurance . companies
Am I a preferred provider most insurance with companies .
Schedule your first appointment online!
Schedule your appointment first online !
Schedule your first appointment ! online
I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting.
I would appreciate from anyone reviews who has worked with me in before the mental health setting .
Would I appreciate from reviews who anyone has worked me with in before the mental health setting .
Fantastic for kids
For fantastic kids
Fantastic kids for
If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you'll love this zoo.
If you children have are or just a real animal lover yourself ' you ll zoo love this .
You if have or children are just a real animal lover yourself you ' love ll this zoo .
It's only $10 and in essence just one big petting zoo.
It ' s only $ 10 and essence just in big petting one zoo .
It ' s only $ 10 in essence and just big petting one zoo .
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots.
Sell they and feed milk bottles at front the and I recommend buy you lots .
They sell feed milk and bottles the at front and recommend I you lots buy .
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when (very harshly I might add) grabbing and 'kissed' the goats and lambs.
Took our we 7 month old and she and laughed giggled when ( very harshly I add might ) grabbing ' kissed and ' the and goats . lambs
Our we took month 7 old and she laughed and when giggled ( very harshly I add might ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and . lambs
The animals were all very sweet and patient with her.
Animals the were all very sweet and with her patient .
Animals the were very all sweet patient and with her .
Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's, camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH!!!
The among were animals that available touch to were pony ' s camels , and AN EVEN OSTRICH ! ! !
Among the animals that were to available were touch pony ' , s camels EVEN and AN OSTRICH ! ! !
Wonderful, inexpensive and lots of fun!
Wonderful , inexpensive of and lots fun !
Wonderful , inexpensive and fun lots of !
WOW!!!
! WOW ! !
! WOW ! !
I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee.
I can ' t say enough good things Karla about and the things wonderful has she done for me and my dog Gracee .
I can t ' good say enough things about Karla and wonderful the things has she done for me my and Gracee dog .
Gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me!!!!
Gracee more is excited her to see than is she see to me ! ! ! !
Is gracee more to her excited see than she is to see ! me ! ! !
She has always been there for Gracee even for last minute calls!
Has she always been for there Gracee even for last calls minute !
Has she always been there Gracee for even last for minute calls !
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her!!!
Has taken she care my of sweet for girl almost 4 years and now would I not Gracee let go with besides anyone her ! ! !
She has taken of my care girl sweet for almost years 4 and now I would let not Gracee go with anyone besides her ! ! !
She is caring, punctual, and very enthusiastic about her job!
She is caring , punctual , and enthusiastic very her job about !
She is caring , punctual , very and about enthusiastic job her !
You should give her a try - it's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting!!!!
Should you give her try a it - ' s every worth penny that to know you pet in GREAT is with hands Wunderbar pet sitting ! ! ! !
You should her a give try - it ' s worth every penny know to that you pet is in GREAT Wunderbar hands pet with ! sitting ! ! !
Worst Service I've Ever Experienced
Worst Service I ' Ever Experienced ve
Worst I Service ' ve Experienced Ever
I wish there was something good to say about the business, but unfortunately, there isn't.
I wish was there something good say about to the business , unfortunately but , there isn ' t .
I wish there was to something good say about business the , but unfortunately isn , there t ' .
1) Service and manners were nonexistent.
1 ) and manners Service were nonexistent .
1 ) Service manners and nonexistent were .
2) The employees constantly talk down to customers and are very argumentative for the sake of being argumentative.
) 2 The constantly talk employees down to customers and very are argumentative for the of sake being . argumentative
) 2 employees The talk constantly to down customers and are argumentative very the for sake of being argumentative .
(to both myself and customers) 3) I have never experienced so much rudeness coming from a business.
( myself to and both customers 3 ) I ) have experienced never so much rudeness coming from a business .
( both to and myself customers 3 ) ) have I never so experienced much coming rudeness from a business .
4) The business is very unorganized.
4 The ) business very is unorganized .
) 4 The business very is unorganized .
The invoice is not detailed, so it is difficult to see what you are paying for.
The is invoice detailed not , it so is difficult to see you what are for paying .
The invoice not is , detailed so it is to difficult see what are paying you for .
I'd recommend to save your time and energy and find another greek store.
I d ' recommend to your save and time energy find and another greek store .
' I d to recommend save your time and energy and another find store greek .
Exile is the best!!!
Exile is the best ! ! !
The exile is best ! ! !
Exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store in Richmond!
Is exile longest the lasting and most authentic punk in store Richmond !
Exile is the lasting longest most and authentic store punk in Richmond !
I have been shopping there for over six years now.
I been have shopping there over for years six now .
I have been there shopping over for six years . now
The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and the owner, Mimmy, is an absolute angel.
The staff is incredibly friendly helpful and owner and the , , Mimmy an is absolute angel .
The staff is incredibly and friendly and helpful the owner , is Mimmy , an angel absolute .
The mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe.
The up mark is minimal considering the that clothing is to hard find often and for shipped Europe .
The mark up is minimal considering the that is clothing to hard find and often shipped Europe . for
In addition, the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic, which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in Asia.
Addition in , the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic , is which made as as possible cheaply people by living in horrible conditions in Asia .
Addition in , clothing the is of much better than quality the clothing hot from topic which , is made cheaply as possible as by living people horrible in conditions in Asia .
Exile is environmentally conscious and involved heavily in our community.
Exile is environmentally conscious involved and in heavily our . community
Is exile environmentally conscious and involved in heavily community our .
Shop local at Exile!!
Shop local Exile at ! !
Shop local Exile at ! !
Over-rated
Over rated -
Over rated -
Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr, but that doesn't impress me.
Attracts buddakan inevitably the of majority its guests simply because of association its Steven with Starr , that but doesn ' t me impress .
Inevitably buddakan the attracts of majority its guests simply because of its association Steven with , Starr but doesn that t ' impress me .
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries.
Atmosphere the alone deserves 4 stars but , the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .
Atmosphere the deserves 4 alone stars but , the food was not up to par the with tag price and the reputation the restaurant carries .
The server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers.
Server the had we was knowledgeable but was he as not proper as he have been should , acting like he to was talking his friends rather than customers his .
Server we the had was knowledgeable he was but not as proper as he have should been , acting like he was talking his to friends than rather his customers .
The angry lobster was completely over-priced!
Angry the lobster was completely over - ! priced
The lobster angry was completely over - ! priced
$80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables!
80 $ for a dish has that about small one tail lobster and full is of filler vegetables !
$ 80 for a that has dish small about one lobster tail and is full filler of vegetables !
I wouldn't go there again.
Wouldn I ' t go there . again
Wouldn I ' t there go again .
Alto delivers on all levels.
Delivers alto on all levels .
Alto delivers on levels all .
From the moment you enter the restaurant, you know you are some place special.
From the moment you the enter , restaurant you know you are some place special .
From moment the you enter the restaurant , you you know some are place . special
The service is impeccable, and the food is even better.
Service the is impeccable , and food the is better even .
Service the impeccable is , and the food is even . better
I highly recommend the four-course tasting menu, which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetite.
I highly recommend the four - tasting menu course , gives which you plenty range of food and to satisfy appetite your .
I highly recommend four the - course tasting menu , which you gives plenty of and range food to satisfy appetite your .
Also, if you are into wine, Alto has the depth of both region, varietal, and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier (or after 9pm, bring your own bottle for free...no corking fee!).
Also , if you are into , wine Alto has the of depth both region , varietal , and vintage satisfy to nearly any ( or sommelier after 9pm , bring own your bottle free for . . . no corking ! fee ) .
Also if , you are into wine , has Alto the both depth of region , varietal , vintage and satisfy to nearly sommelier any ( or after 9pm , your bring bottle own for free . . . no fee corking ! ) .
While it's not cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget.
While it s ' not cheap , Alto give will you an experience you ' forget never ll .
It while ' not s cheap , Alto will you give experience an ' you ll never forget .
The landlord is not nice nor helpful
The is not landlord nice nor helpful
The landlord is nice not helpful nor
I have lived in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse for 2 years.
Have I lived in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse 2 years for .
I in have lived Buckingham Condominiums townhouse for years 2 .
I love the location and the apartment!!
Love I the location the and apartment ! !
Love I the and location the apartment ! !
I'ma single female and I feel safe coming home at night.
' ma I single and female I safe feel coming home at night .
I ' ma single female and I feel safe home at coming night .
The maintenance people are AWESOME!!!!
The people maintenance AWESOME are ! ! ! !
The maintenance people are AWESOME ! ! ! !
And the exterminator is very nice, also.
And exterminator the very is nice , also .
And exterminator the is very , nice also .
Yes, you still have a few bugs, but that's going to be anywhere you go!
Yes you , a still have bugs few , but that s ' going to be anywhere go you !
You yes , still have a few bugs , but that ' s to going be you anywhere go !
The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord.
The only that problem I have experienced is the landlord .
The that only problem I have experienced the is landlord .
She is a pure b****!!!
She is a pure * b * * * ! ! !
Is she a pure b * * * * ! ! !
I know that's ugly...but she won't help you out for anything...sad story.
I know ' that s ugly . . . she but ' won t you help anything out for . . . story sad .
Know I s that ' ugly . . . she but won ' t help out you for anything . . . sad story .
Other than that, I would recommend living here. :)
Than other that , would I living recommend here . : )
Than other that , I living would recommend here . : )
The staff leaves a lot to be desired.
The staff leaves a lot be to . desired
Staff the a leaves lot to be desired .
The front staff has seen quite a bit of turnover and changed from professional to rude.
The staff front seen quite has bit a of turnover and changed from to professional rude .
The staff front has quite seen a bit of turnover changed and from to professional . rude
A simple follow-up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare.
Simple a follow - up call phone with woman a quickly turned into nightmare a .
A simple follow up - phone call with a quickly woman turned into a nightmare .
She may be the reason for all the change.
May she be the reason for change all the .
She may the reason be for the all change .
I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice.
Sincerely wonder I if the has doctor clue a about what is going on within practice his .
I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue what about going is on within practice his .
If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him.
If does know he approves and of this behavior then is it a poor reflection him on .
He if does know and approves of behavior this then it is a reflection poor on him .
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor.
Sometimes is it not it to worth go through that kind of and staff their personal attitude get to to doctor a .
Sometimes it not is worth it to go through that staff kind of and their personal get attitude to to doctor a .
He was an okay doctor but not worth her.
He an was but okay doctor not worth her .
He an was okay doctor but not worth her .
WWW-Wonderful Wild Wildernest inn
WWW - Wild Wonderful Wildernest inn
WWW - Wonderful Wild inn Wildernest
I would give the Wildernest inn ten stars of five!
I would give the Wildernest inn of ten five stars !
Would I give the Wildernest inn ten stars of five !
Atop Spring Mountain, from the decks of the West porch, "one can see forever" a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur.
Atop Spring Mountain , from decks the of the West , porch one " can see forever " a of scene beauty unparalleled and grandeur .
Atop Spring Mountain , from the of decks the porch , West " one can forever see " scene a unparalleled of and beauty grandeur .
I saw deer frequently, in fact a small herd were grazing near the lodge.
I deer saw frequently , in fact small a herd were near grazing lodge the .
I deer saw frequently , in fact small were a herd grazing near the lodge .
There were occasional bears on the deck in the morning.
There occasional were bears the on deck in the . morning
Were there occasional bears on the deck the morning in .
and most correctly, us visitors did not mingle with the native wildlife.
and correctly most , visitors us mingle did not with the native wildlife .
and correctly most , us visitors did not mingle with the native . wildlife
It would have been more than one could bear!
It would been have more than could one ! bear
It would have been more than one could ! bear
Kathy and Stewart, the proprietors were the epitome of perfection.
Kathy and Stewart , the were proprietors the epitome . of perfection
Kathy and Stewart the , proprietors the epitome were of perfection .
Delightful, hospitable, superb,cozy and comfortable.
Delightful hospitable , superb , , cozy comfortable and .
Delightful hospitable , , superb cozy , comfortable and .
I hope to be back!
Hope I to be back !
Hope I to be back !
junkie lube?!
Lube junkie ? !
junkie ? lube !
really weird place, I was driving home from work thought I'd stop in for an oil change and well, there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms sitting at the table drinking beers and shooting the breeze.
really weird , place I was driving from home work thought I ' stop d for in an oil change and well , there a are few guys in jiffy lube sitting uniforms table at the beers drinking and shooting breeze the .
Weird really , place I was driving home work from thought I d ' stop in for an change oil and , well there are a few guys jiffy in lube sitting uniforms at the drinking table beers shooting and the breeze .
The neon lighting sign still said "on" yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch, more like the drunkest of the bunch told me they'd be open tomorrow.
The neon lighting sign said still " on " yet some guy who to seemed the be of oldest the bunch , more like the of drunkest bunch told the me they ' be d open tomorrow .
Neon the lighting sign said still " on " yet some guy who to seemed the be oldest the of bunch , like more drunkest the of the bunch told me they ' d open be tomorrow .
I asked if a manager was on duty he told me he was.
I asked if a manager was duty told on he me he . was
Asked I if a was on manager he duty told me he was .
WOW!
! WOW
! WOW
grey shirt "mark" of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someonelses clothing.....
Shirt grey " mark " course of with this type could behavior he have been wearing someonelses clothing . . . . .
shirt grey mark " of " course with type behavior this he could been have wearing someonelses clothing . . . . .
A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here.
Friend a I and recently our took 16 and month 18 olds here .
Friend a recently and I took our 16 and 18 month here olds .
While there wasn't too much available for their age (ball pit, bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on), we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter weekday and ended up being the only ones there, so we were given a little more liberty than we would have if others had been there.
There while wasn ' t too much available for their age ball ( pit , bouncy area a and little pyramid padded to climb on ) we , went right when opened they at 10 am a winter on weekday and ended up being the only ones there , so we were given a little more liberty than we would have if others had been there .
There while wasn ' t much too available for their age ( ball pit , bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on ) , we right went they when opened at 10 am on a winter weekday ended and up the being ones only there , so we were given a little liberty more than we have would if others had there been .
It's not the classiest place, but it was cleaner than I expected and the staff was very friendly.
It ' not s the classiest , place it but was cleaner than I expected and the staff very was friendly .
It s ' not the classiest place but , was it cleaner than expected I and the staff was very friendly .
For $4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler.
For 4 $ it was a nice from break the monotony of winter indoors a with toddler .
For $ 4 it was nice break a from the monotony winter of with indoors a . toddler
Restored my faith in Mechaincs.
My restored faith in Mechaincs .
Restored my faith in . Mechaincs
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should.
I spent 3 going months from shop to shop trying get to my Ferrari to and run drive the it . way should
I spent 3 months going from shop to trying shop to my get Ferrari run to and the drive way it should .
I was about to give up when I met Jason and Neal.
Was I to give about up when I met Jason and Neal .
Was I about give to up when I met and Jason Neal .
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more.
They took on the of challenge making Ferrari my I all dreamed of more and .
They on took challenge the of making my Ferrari I all of dreamed and more .
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning.
Crew the at The Creative Workshop went and over above the call of duty and gave a me back car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .
The at crew The Creative went Workshop over above and the of call duty and gave me back a I car can drive anywhere and finally enjoy . owning
I cannot say enough about this place.
I cannot enough say about this . place
I enough cannot say about this place .
They have restored my faith in Mechanics.
Have they restored my faith Mechanics in .
They restored have faith my in Mechanics .
Do yourself a favor, call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again..
Yourself do a favor these , call guys and first enjoy driving your car . again .
Do yourself a favor these , guys call first and enjoy driving your car again . .
a great vacation!
a great ! vacation
a vacation great !
We wanted to see the sun - and we also got much more!
Wanted we to see sun the and - also we got much more !
Wanted we see to the sun - and we also got much more !
Excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts.
Excellent chefs are in the kitchen memorable preparing breakfasts .
Chefs excellent are in kitchen the preparing breakfasts memorable .
After a train ride over the mountains, we enjoyed hiking in the flower-filled Wenatchee hills (in May) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River...and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the evening....
A after train ride over the mountains , we enjoyed hiking in flower the - filled Wenatchee hills ( in May ) a and very interesting bike ride a in around the loop River Columbia . . and . then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the evening . . . .
After a train ride over mountains the , we enjoyed hiking the in - flower filled Wenatchee hills ( in ) May and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia . River . . then and wine if we wanted it on patio the in the . evening . . .
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant, which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need, and I'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable.
This is a group busy hosts of they are running also a restaurant , which also must wonderful be - so just ask for what you need , and I ' m sure they will do their best to be hospitable .
This is a busy of group hosts they also are running a restaurant , also which be must - wonderful just so ask for you what need , and I ' m sure they will do best to their be . hospitable
OMG
OMG
OMG
OMG.. make sure to book a reservation, as this magical place is packed (in a nice way) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food.
OMG . . make sure to book reservation , a as this is magical place packed ( in a nice way ) love the I that owner around walks and cares how his customers about feel food their .
OMG . . make sure to a book , reservation this as magical place is packed ( in a nice way ) I love that the owner around walks and cares how customers his about feel their food .
The waiters are like no other...
The are waiters no like other . . .
Waiters the like are no other . . .
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75% tip, and it was worht every penny..
My was waiter so excellent gave him I a 75 % , tip and it worht was penny every . .
Waiter my was excellent so I a gave him 75 % tip , it and worht was every penny . .
The food was finger licking the bowel fantastic..
Food the was licking finger the fantastic bowel . .
Food the finger was licking bowel the fantastic . .
I just discovered her has a place right near my work ( Color me Phat) If you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and service in the valley Giovanni Ristorante should be your number 1 + 2 choice.
I just discovered her a has place right near my work Color ( me ) Phat If are you for looking a romatic place with the food and best service the in valley Giovanni should Ristorante be your 1 number + 2 choice .
I just discovered her a place has right my near ( work Color me ) Phat If you are for looking romatic a place with the best food and in service the valley Ristorante Giovanni should your be number 1 + 2 choice .
Holly is truely the best hairstylist!
Is holly truely the best ! hairstylist
Holly is best truely the hairstylist !
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years, and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here.
I have lived in the La UTC area Jolla for many years , I never and new this salon was here until reffered a friend me to see here Holly .
I have lived in UTC the La area for many Jolla years , and I never new this salon was here until friend a me reffered see to Holly here .
I was very pleased with my experience here.
I was pleased very with my here experience .
I was very pleased with my experience here .
All of the people were friendly and welcoming.
All of people the friendly were and welcoming .
Of all the people were friendly welcoming and .
I got highlights, haircut, and a blowdry.
Got I highlights , and haircut , a blowdry .
I got highlights , a haircut , and blowdry .
She did a great job!
Did she a great job !
She a did great job !
Holly is very experienced and talented, and I could tell she new what she was doing right off the bat.
Is holly very and experienced talented , and I tell could she new what she doing was off right the . bat
Holly is experienced very and talented , and I tell could new she what was she doing right off the bat .
My hair looks amazing, and I get compliments all the time.
My hair looks amazing , and I get compliments the all time .
My hair amazing looks , and get compliments I all the time .
I deffenitly reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone.
Deffenitly reccomend I this salon Holly and to anyone .
Deffenitly I reccomend this and salon to Holly anyone .
You will not be disappointed!!!!!!
Will not you disappointed be ! ! ! ! ! !
You will be not disappointed ! ! ! ! ! !
Outdated but not bad
But outdated not bad
Outdated but bad not
So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern.
So really I felt like place this was outdated extremely especially since the make pictures nice it look and modern .
So I felt really this like place was extremely outdated especially since the make pictures it look nice modern and .
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels.
Had it listed there that was a hot all breakfast but this meant that is added they waffle a to maker the common continental affair at cheap most hotels .
It had that listed there a hot was breakfast but all this is meant that added they a waffle maker to common the continental at affair most cheap hotels .
The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together.
The family suite two basically was rooms with a between small opening which them worked great for us because we were two families together traveling .
Family suite the basically was rooms two with a small between opening them which worked great us for because we were two families traveling . together
If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair don't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else.
If you are in town and need that kind of space stay I here say if but are you for looking a more upscale little affair don ' t the let pictures fool you book and somewhere else .
You if are in need town and that kind space of I say here stay if but you are looking a for little more upscale affair don ' let t pictures the fool you and somewhere book else .
Great, and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville.
Great , and probably the only West worth spot Indian hitting up Nashville in .
Great , and probably only West the Indian hitting spot worth up in Nashville .
I was born and raised in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian, Jamaican, etc) population.
Was I and born raised Toronto in which , has huge a Indian West ( Trinidadian , Jamaican , etc ) population .
Was I and born raised in Toronto , a which huge has West Indian ( Trinidadian , Jamaican etc , ) population .
So huge in fact, that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references, and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria.
So huge in , fact slang that Toronto is by influenced has and Jamaican references , beef and Jamaican patties are staples in my high cafeteria school .
So huge in fact that , Toronto slang is influenced and by has references , Jamaican beef and Jamaican patties are staples in my school cafeteria high .
Anyway, I was practically raised on this stuff, and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine, Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette.
, anyway I was practically raised on stuff , this and a being connoisseur of Indian West cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned to down suit the palette American .
, anyway was I raised practically on this stuff , being and a of connoisseur Indian West cuisine , Jamaica is Way bit a toned down to the suit American palette .
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper.
All you have do to to it make authentic Jamaican food , is a add lot whole . of pepper
Have all you to to do it make authentic Jamaican food , is add a whole lot of pepper .
Alot.
. alot
. alot
The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen.
The Christmas finest Trees i ' ever ve . seen
Finest the Christmas i Trees ve ' ever seen .
I felt like I was in heaven when I walked through the majestic fields of this particular farm.
Felt I like I in was when heaven I walked majestic through the fields of this particular farm .
Like I felt I in was heaven walked when I through the majestic fields of this particular farm .
The trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was astounding.
The trees were in magnificent shape the and variety astounding . was
The trees were in magnificent shape and variety the was astounding .
The owners were entertaining and gracious.
The owners and were entertaining gracious .
The owners were entertaining and gracious .
I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love of all animals.
I especially liked the Eco friendly and atmosphere the love owners of all animals .
Especially I liked the Eco friendly and the owners atmosphere love of all animals .
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too.
This is one of the best farms ever I have too been .
This is of the one best I farms have ever been too .
I would call it the Taj Mahal of the east coast!
I would call it Mahal the Taj the of east coast !
Would I call it the Mahal of Taj the east coast !
It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owners advice I invested vanguard, got myself a woman like Jerry, and became a republican.
It put on my hair and chest to thanks the advice owners I invested vanguard got , myself a woman like Jerry , became a and republican .
Put it hair on my chest and thanks to advice owners the I invested vanguard , got myself a woman like Jerry , and became a republican .
Thanks Tussey Mountain Tree Plantation!
Tussey thanks Mountain Tree Plantation !
Thanks Tussey Tree Mountain Plantation !
Pho-nomenal!!
Pho nomenal - ! !
- pho nomenal ! !
I have been eating Pho for almost my entire life and I've always gone to the Pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown, but when i tried this pho place, it blew the other pho houses away!!
I have been eating Pho for almost entire my and I life ' always ve gone to the Pho places in philly south and off the boulevard the and one even other in chinatown , but when tried i this pho place , it blew the other pho houses away ! !
I have eating been Pho for almost my life entire and I ' always gone the ve to Pho places in south philly and the off boulevard and even the one other chinatown in , but i when tried this pho place , it blew the other pho houses away ! !
all of the pho places taste the same to me, so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price.
Of all pho places the taste the to same me , so seperates what one from the other is service and the the price .
all of the pho places the taste same to me , so what seperates one from the other is the the service price and .
The service here is incredible compared to the other places.
Service the here is compared incredible to the places other .
Service the here is compared incredible to other the places .
the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in finding parking in chinatown.
only the down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in in finding parking chinatown .
only the down fall this of pho house is the difficulty in finding in parking chinatown .
remember to bring cash since they don't take debit or credit.
to remember cash bring since they ' don t debit take or credit .
remember to bring cash since they don ' t take credit debit or .
hope this helps!!
This hope helps ! !
this hope helps ! !
Had a horrible experience with a manager here, Rachel McInnis, she was rude, inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly...
Had a horrible experience manager with a here , McInnis Rachel , she was rude inconsiderate , and do did not the right for thing an item was that marked incorrectly . . .
Had a experience horrible a with manager here Rachel , McInnis , she was rude , and inconsiderate did the not right do for thing an that item was incorrectly marked . . .
I'm not interested in shopping in a place with people like her... she refused to sell me the item at its marked price even after admitting they had made a mistake.
I ' m interested not in shopping in a place people like with her . . . she refused sell me to the item at marked its price after even admitting had they mistake made a .
I ' m not interested shopping in a in with place people her like . . . she refused to me sell item the its at marked price even admitting after they made had mistake a .
I normally don't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished, upscale place to shop, this one won't be getting my business, nor my family's, nor my co-workers.
I don normally ' write t reviews that but seeing I considered Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one ' won t be getting my business , my nor family ' s , nor my co - workers .
I normally don t write ' reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards distinguished a , to upscale shop place , one this won ' getting t be my business , nor family my ' s , nor my co - workers .
It's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy, especially when they are right.
It ' s never to ok customer let a walk out , unhappy when especially they are right .
It ' s ok never to a let customer walk out , unhappy when especially are they right .
Highly Recommend
Recommend highly
Recommend highly
I work as a Transformational Life Coach.
I work a as Transformational Coach Life .
Work I as a Life Transformational Coach .
Since this is an alternative therapy I always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when I feel that is appropriate.
Since this is an alternative therapy I always refer to clients lisenced a when I therapist feel that is appropriate .
Since this is an therapy alternative I always refer to clients a lisenced therapist when feel I that appropriate is .
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide.
I found her through a one colleague day one when of my was clients in midst the a of panic and attack needed help professional that I am not qualified to provide .
I found her a through one colleague day when of one my clients in was the of midst panic a attack and needed professional help that I not am qualified to provide .
Little did I know that I would soon be needing her help as well!
Little did I know I that would soon be needing her as help well !
Little did know I that I would soon be needing her help as well !
She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member's suicide, coupled with elder abuse.
She guided me through very a period with difficult dealing a family member ' s suicide coupled , with elder . abuse
Guided she me through very a difficult period dealing with a family member ' s suicide , with elder coupled abuse .
I found her to be extremely solid, kind, compassionate, and intuitive as well.
I found her be extremely solid to , kind , , compassionate intuitive and as well .
I found her be to solid extremely , kind , compassionate and , intuitive as well .
I would recommend her highly!
Would I recommend her highly !
Would I recommend her highly !
They won't have a second chance from me.
They won ' t have second chance a me from .
' they t won have a second chance from me .
First, let me state that although I live in NYC, I am not from NYC, I don't care about baseball and I absolutely love Boston to death (so beautiful, so clean, so awesome).
First let , me state although that I live NYC in , I not am from , NYC don I t ' care baseball about and I absolutely love Boston to death ( beautiful so , so clean , so ) awesome .
First let , state me that although I live in NYC , am I not from NYC , don I ' care about t baseball I and absolutely love Boston to death ( beautiful so , clean so so , awesome ) .
That said, I hated this restaurant.
That said , hated I restaurant this .
That said I , hated this . restaurant
The service was just about as good as I'd get in NYC (that means it was poor) and the food was almost mediocre.
The was service just about good as I as d ' get in NYC ( that means it was poor and ) food the was almost mediocre .
Service the was just about as as good ' I d get in NYC ( that it means was poor ) the food and was almost mediocre .
The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality.
The decor left lot a to be desired and the posters me telling the all reasons 99 was great just as served an ironic contrast the against . reality
The decor a left lot be to and desired the posters me all telling the reasons 99 was served great just as an ironic contrast the against reality .
Personally I recommend you take your money elsewhere
I personally recommend you take your elsewhere money
I personally recommend you take your elsewhere money
When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11, I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager, Gustavo Guerra, in a very friendly and professional manner.
I when arrived at Honda Brickell on 6 4 / 11 / I , was and attended by greeted to the Sales Manager , Guerra Gustavo , in a very friendly and professional manner .
I when Brickell arrived at on 6 Honda / / 4 11 , was I greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager , Gustavo Guerra , a in very friendly and professional manner .
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda.
Explained I to him I what wanted and I that previously went to Honda Braman .
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to . Braman Honda
Bramen Honda was a bit of a hassle.
Bramen Honda was bit a a of hassle .
Bramen Honda was a of bit hassle a .
He told me "no problem, we will match the offer or do better."
He told me " no problem we , match will offer or the better do . "
He told me " , no problem we will match the offer do or better . "
Mr. Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems.
. mr Guerra gave a better me deal without any hassles any type nor of problems .
. mr Guerra gave me a better deal without any any hassles nor type of problems .
Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the world.
Brickell has Honda been the buying best experience in world the .
Honda brickell has the been best buying experience the in world .
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus!!!
I St urge all . Thomas the Apostle all parishioners and of South residents Florida to come Gus see ! ! !
Urge I all St . the Thomas parishioners Apostle and all of South Florida residents see come to Gus ! ! !
Excellent customer service!!!
Customer excellent service ! ! !
Customer excellent service ! ! !
Great, Honest Service
Great Honest , Service
Great , Service Honest
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold.
Took I my Frontier 2001 Nissan in to fix a cracked manifold .
I my took 2001 Nissan Frontier to in a fix cracked manifold .
The dealer wanted $1300 to fix that and another $1500 to fix some other things.
The dealer wanted $ 1300 that to fix and another $ to fix 1500 some things other .
Dealer the $ wanted 1300 to that fix another and $ 1500 to some fix other things .
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400!!
Transmission eagle determined that much of the work dealer the needed said to be done was unneccesary and needed what to be fixed was only $ 400 ! !
Eagle Transmission determined that much of work the the dealer said to needed done be was and unneccesary what needed to be fixed was $ only 400 ! !
I was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission!
I was so impressed with the honesty integrity and Mike of and everyone Eagle at Transmission !
I was impressed so with the honesty and integrity of and Mike at everyone Eagle Transmission !
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon.
I the dropped truck off in the morning and it was ready that . afternoon
I dropped the truck off in and the morning was it that ready afternoon .
I have finally found a mechanic I trust!!
Have I finally a found mechanic trust I ! !
Have I finally a found mechanic trust I ! !
And it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus!!
It and was that great they did not charge a service fee the to problem diagnose - added an bonus ! !
And it great was did that they not charge a service fee to the diagnose - problem an added ! bonus !
Dr. Shady
Dr Shady .
Dr Shady .
Kelly hit the nail on the head.
Kelly hit nail the on head the .
Kelly the nail hit on the head .
"Dr. Shady" is a jerk.
" Dr . " Shady is a . jerk
Dr " . Shady " is a . jerk
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit, I will not be returning!!
After the way she spoke to me my on last visit , I not will returning be ! !
After way the she to me spoke my on last visit , I will be not returning ! !
Good luck keeping business with that stuck up attitude Dr. Shady.
Good keeping luck business with stuck that up attitude Dr Shady . .
Luck good keeping business that with stuck attitude up Dr . Shady .
You have just lost mine.
You have lost just mine .
You have just lost . mine
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be me!!!!!!
The you next time feel like condescending being to someone , is it not going to me be ! ! ! ! ! !
The time you next feel being like condescending someone to , it is going not to be me ! ! ! ! ! !
Dr. Shady is inexperienced and prideful.
. dr Shady inexperienced is and prideful .
. dr Shady inexperienced is and prideful .
She probably does not even have 10% of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area.
Probably she not even does 10 have % of the knowledge that some the of other EXPERIENCED do vets in this area .
She probably does have not even 10 % of knowledge the that some of the EXPERIENCED other in vets do this area .
I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else.
Will I be carefully researching vets before I take dog my else . someplace
I will be carefully vets researching take before I dog my someplace else .
Beautifully written reviews Doctor, but completely UNTRUE.
Written beautifully reviews Doctor , but UNTRUE completely .
Written beautifully reviews Doctor , completely but UNTRUE .
Poor Experience
Experience poor
Experience poor
I did not have a good experience w/ Dr. Ghassemlou.
I did not have good w a experience / Dr . Ghassemlou .
Did I not a have good w experience / Dr . Ghassemlou .
During the session, he demanded to have my physical address, which I've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program.
During the session , he have demanded to physical my address , which I ve ' kept always private as I am in enrolled witness a protection . program
The during session , demanded he to have my physical address which , I ve ' kept always private as I am enrolled in protection a program witness .
I believe he is correct in that he needs my physical address for legal reasons, however, he did not adequately explain this during our session.
Believe he I correct in is he needs that my physical address for reasons legal , , however he did not adequately explain this during our session .
I believe he correct is in that needs he physical my address for legal reasons , however , he not adequately did this our explain during session .
I learned more about this doing my own research afterward.
I more learned about doing this my own research . afterward
I more learned about this doing own my research . afterward
I think he could've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts.
Think I he could ' done ve more to assuage my by concerns giving me . concrete facts
I he think could ' done ve more to assuage concerns by my me giving concrete facts .
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful.
That I saying need to give him my address else I or have intimacy is issues not helpful .
Saying that I need to give him my or else I address intimacy have issues not is helpful .
It's pretty combative actually.
' s it pretty combative actually .
' it s pretty actually combative .
you'll love it
you ' love ll it
' you ll love it
I have had my back fused in 2 places.
Have had my I back fused in 2 places .
I have my had fused back in 2 . places
I wish that I hadn't done this.
I wish that hadn I t ' done . this
Wish that I I ' hadn t done this .
With these fusions, chiropractric isn't as successful, but it still is very helpful.
These with , fusions chiropractric isn ' t as successful , it but is still helpful very .
With these fusions , chiropractric ' isn t as successful , it still but is very helpful .
Even after my fusions, my back continued to hurt, but now it doesn't hurt any more.
Even after my fusions , back my continued to hurt , but now it doesn ' hurt t any more .
Even my after fusions , my back continued to hurt , but doesn now it ' t hurt any . more
I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery, to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros.
I would encourage anyone is who back thinking of , surgery talk to different treatment about options first with Dr . de Barros .
Encourage I would anyone who is thinking of back , surgery to talk about treatment options different with Dr first . de Barros .
He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly.
He really knows he what is about talking will approach and the different options fairly .
He really knows he what is talking about and approach the will options different fairly .
You can see different treatments that a surgeon can't see, so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do.
See can you treatments different that a surgeon can ' see t , so that you have can several treatment options before you decide what to do .
You can treatments see different that surgeon a can ' t , see that so you can have treatment several options you before decide to what do .
Unbelievably huge experience for such a small salon!!!
Unbelievably huge experience for a such small salon ! ! !
Huge unbelievably experience such for small a salon ! ! !
I have been to Kim at Cheveux for more than five years.
I have been Kim to Cheveux at for than more five years .
Have I been to at Kim Cheveux for than more five years .
I cannot tell you how often I am complimented on my hair (style AND color)!
Cannot I you tell how I often am complimented on my hair ( color style AND ) !
I tell cannot you often how I am complimented on my hair ( style color AND ) !
I regularly request Kim's business cards as I am often stopped on the street and asked "Who does your hair...I LOVE it!!!"
I regularly request Kim ' business cards s I as often am stopped the on street asked and " Who does hair your . . . it I LOVE ! ! ! "
I regularly request Kim ' business s as I cards am on often stopped and the street asked " Who does your hair . . . I LOVE it ! ! ! "
Quaint, lovely, small salon with BIG personality.
Quaint , lovely small , with salon BIG . personality
, quaint , lovely small salon BIG with personality .
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience.
Am I to made feel special when I am chair in the I and have NEVER a had less than amazing cut or experience color .
Am I made to feel special when am I in the chair and I NEVER have had less a amazing than or cut experience color .
My hair has never felt this healthy, either.
Hair my has never felt this healthy , either .
My has hair felt never healthy this , either .
I cannot recommend this salon enough!!!
I recommend cannot salon this enough ! ! !
Cannot I recommend this enough salon ! ! !
Thanks Cheveux!
Thanks ! Cheveux
Cheveux thanks !
My Favorite in McLean
My Favorite McLean in
My Favorite McLean in
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi.They are very nice, it is never crowded, and the food is wonderful, very delicious and fresh!
Family my loves to coming Sushi Endo are . They very nice , it never is crowded , and food the is wonderful , very delicious fresh and !
Loves my family to coming Endo Sushi . They are very , nice it is crowded never and , the is wonderful food , very delicious and fresh !
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront, and it is on a one-way street, but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded.
Sometimes is it hard get to parking in lot the in front of the , storefront and is on a it way one - street , but the restaurant itself NEVER is overcrowded .
It sometimes hard get is to parking in the in lot front of the storefront , and it is on a - one way street , the but is restaurant itself overcrowded NEVER .
If you cannot park in the lot, then you can park in the shopping center's garage, and walk up to Endo Sushi.
If cannot you park the lot in , then can park you shopping in the center ' s garage , and walk to up Endo Sushi .
You cannot if park in the lot , then you can park in shopping the center ' s garage , walk and up Sushi to Endo .
The service is fast.
Service the is fast .
The is service fast .
Be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you enjoyed your meal!
Sure be to ring little the bell your on way if you out enjoyed your meal !
Be to sure ring the little on bell your way out if you your enjoyed meal !
(it's by the door, on the hostess stand)
( it ' s by the door , the on hostess stand )
It ( s ' by the door , on the hostess ) stand
Horrible Service!
Service horrible !
Service horrible !
I got yelled at, literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5-10 minutes late.
I got at yelled , yelled literally at i because asked if i could pick up my 5 car - 10 late minutes .
Got I yelled at , literally yelled because at i if asked could pick i up my car 5 - 10 minutes late .
I explained that i was already on my way and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for work at 5am, but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gonna lock the doors right at 5:30.
I that explained i was already my on way and would i rush to there get as soon as i could because i my needed car for at 5am work , but the guy was arguing with me saying he was lock gonna the doors at right 5 30 : .
Explained I that i was on already my way and i would rush to get there as soon as i could i because needed car my for work 5am at , the but was guy arguing with me saying he was lock gonna the doors at 5 right : 30 .
Rude, unprofessional, just jerks.
, rude unprofessional , jerks just .
Rude , unprofessional just jerks , .
Seems like all they care about is the money and getting home on time, NO care for the customers AT ALL!!!
Seems like they care all about is the and money getting home on time , NO for the care AT ALL customers ! ! !
Seems all they like care is about the and money home on getting time , NO care for the AT customers ALL ! ! !
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless.
Missed a whole day work of because now i am carless .
Missed a day whole of because i work am now carless .
I will NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR go to this place again.
Will I NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR go this to place again .
I NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR will go this to place again .
Superb Arrangements
Arrangements superb
Arrangements superb
I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband's funeral flowers as they had been recommended to me.
I used Flowers Fancy for my late husband ' funeral s flowers they as had been recommended to . me
I used Fancy Flowers for late my s husband ' funeral as they flowers been had recommended to me .
I am so glad that I called in to see Ana, she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me.
Am I so that I glad called to see in Ana she , is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion me . towards
I so am that glad I called in see to Ana , is she a lovely who girl showed nothing but care and compassion towards . me
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all.
The flowers were I all that hoped would they be , I have several attended funerals of unfortunately late and flowers the I recieved from outshone Ana them all .
Were the flowers all that I hoped they would be , I attended have several funerals unfortunately late of and the flowers I recieved outshone from Ana them . all
She is so talented, the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately, it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others.
Is she so talented the , were flowers arranged superbly and , delicately it so is obvious see to the between difference someone trained fully and skilled to compared others .
She is talented , so the flowers were arranged and superbly , delicately it is so obvious to the see difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances.
You thank I Ana hope to you see in the future better under circumstances .
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the under future circumstances better .
Great first experience.
Great experience first .
First great experience .
I'm 22, and my hairdresser was great (and not "old" like one of the reviews says) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to.
I ' 22 m , my and hairdresser was great ( not and " old " like one the of reviews says ) - really she listened to what wanted I and gave tons me of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it look to the way wanted I it . to
I ' 22 m , my and was hairdresser great and ( not " old " one like of the reviews says ) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to my style hair so get I could it to look way I the wanted it to .
She deep conditioned my hair and took the time to style it properly.
Deep she conditioned my hair and the took time to style . it properly
She deep my conditioned hair and took time the to style it properly .
She recommended products but absolutely didn't pressure me to buy.
She recommended products absolutely but didn ' t pressure me to buy .
Recommended she products but absolutely didn ' pressure t to me buy .
It's a cute place with a really friendly, laid-back atmosphere.
' it s a cute place with a really , friendly laid - back atmosphere .
' it s a cute place with a friendly really , - laid back . atmosphere
I would highly recommend it and will be going back for my next haircut.
Highly I would recommend it and will be going back for next my . haircut
I would highly it recommend and will going be back for next my . haircut
Oh!
! oh
! oh
And students get $5 off, can't argue with that.
And students get $ 5 off can , t argue ' that with .
Get and students $ 5 off , can ' argue t with . that
Smokers Haven
Haven smokers
Haven smokers
Yeah, this complex is not very good.
Yeah , this complex very is not good .
Yeah , this is complex not good very .
Our bathroom fan, one electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks have yet to be fixed.
Our fan bathroom , one electric outlet and 2 leaky have sinks to yet be fixed .
Bathroom our fan , electric one outlet and 2 leaky yet sinks have to fixed be .
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up.
Bathrooms both like look they flooded were and the wood are cabinets at thrashed bottom the and they some slapped pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .
Both bathrooms look like were they and flooded the wood cabinets are thrashed at the and bottom they slapped some pieces wood over to of to try cover it up .
And non-smokers beware!!!
Non and - beware smokers ! ! !
And - non beware smokers ! ! !
I think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers!
Think I 90 percent the of tenants smokers are !
Think I percent 90 of tenants the are smokers !
If you do not smoke, do not move here.
You if do not smoke , do not move here .
If you do not smoke , not do move here .
Our unit reeks of old cigarette smoke and it started to become apparent a few weeks after we moved in.
Unit our reeks of old smoke cigarette and it started to a become apparent after few weeks we moved in .
Our reeks unit of old cigarette smoke and it to started become apparent few a weeks we moved after . in
You cannot walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night.
Cannot you walk feet 5 without that smelling cigarette disgusting smoke and it blows into right the all windows day and all . night
Cannot you walk 5 feet without that disgusting smelling cigarette smoke it and blows right into the windows day all and all night .
Great Sanwiches, Great Prices
Great Sanwiches , Prices Great
Great Sanwiches , Prices Great
I used to go here almost everyday since I work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches.
To I used go here almost everyday I since in work the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches .
To I used go here almost everyday since work I the neighbourhood in and loved turkey their and meatball sandwiches .
Chicken salad salad is great too.
Chicken salad salad is great too .
Salad chicken salad is too great .
Best of all, the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines, usually serve you in 5 minutes or less.
Of best all , the staff is quick on feet their and even with long lines , serve usually in you minutes less 5 or .
Best of all staff , the on is quick their feet and even with long lines , usually serve 5 you in minutes or . less
For the quality, the prices ($4-$6) have to be the best in town.
The quality for , the prices ( 4 $ - $ 6 ) to have be the best in town .
Quality for the , the prices ( $ 4 - $ 6 ) have be to the best town in .
The staff get to know regulars and do their job very well.
The staff to get know and regulars their do job very well .
Staff the get to know regulars do and job their very well .
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality, but I certainly do.
Tourists like the other not reviewer might their appreciate or efficiency quality , I but certainly do .
Like tourists the other might reviewer not appreciate efficiency or their quality , I but certainly do .
This isn'ta TGIF or Cafe, its a lunch sandwich place and a good one at that.
This isn ' ta TGIF or , Cafe its lunch a place sandwich a and good one at that .
Isn this ' ta , TGIF or Cafe its a lunch sandwich place a and one good at that .
Rate a church?
Rate church a ?
A rate church ?
Might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light.
Well might as hotpot just the curb and rate the traffic light .
Might as well just the hotpot curb rate and the light traffic .
It's a bloody church, for chrisssake!
' it s a church bloody , for ! chrisssake
It ' s bloody a , church for ! chrisssake
Big, grey and imposing.
, big grey and imposing .
Big , and grey imposing .
Go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure.
Go there on christian for holidays bit a churchy of grandure .
Go on there holidays christian for a bit of grandure churchy .
The pastor at this church is cool, I met him after some holiday service.
The pastor church at is this cool , met I him after some holiday service .
Pastor the at church this is , cool I met him some after holiday service .
He had a robe that was made back in the '60s.
He had robe a that was made back in the ' 60s .
He a had robe that was made in back the 60s ' .
God was pleased with that one!
God was pleased with that one !
Was god pleased with that ! one
It's historical for Sf, so when your aunte comes for a visit, take her there.
It ' s historical for Sf so , when aunte your for comes a visit take , her there .
It ' s historical Sf for , so when aunte comes your for a visit , her take there .
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth (don't forget to tell 'em its really a 'pagen' thing!).
For great the kiddies - they love the labyrinth don ( t ' forget tell to ' em really its ' a pagen ' thing ! ) .
For great kiddies the - they the labyrinth love ( ' don t forget to ' tell em its really a ' ' pagen ! thing ) .
Stop by at least once or you'll go to heck!
Stop by at least once you or ll ' go to ! heck
At stop by least once or you ' go ll to heck !
ok but just becuse we where on a tight budget.
ok just becuse we but where on a tight budget .
But ok just becuse we on where tight a budget .
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs(my home team)vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series.
and me my dad where in for NJ a kc ( chiefs my team home ) vs NY the jets and game for 4 of the world series .
and me my dad where NJ in for chiefs a kc ( my team home ) the vs NY and jets for 4 game of the world series .
i'ma red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won.
i ma ' sox red fan so i was glad that phillies the . won
' I ma sox red fan so i glad was that the won phillies .
the knights inn was small very small.i mean 1 room in every room!it was cozy a little and a small tv.
Knights the was inn small very small . i mean 1 in room every room ! was it cozy a little and small a tv .
Knights the was inn small very . small i mean 1 room in every room ! was it a cozy and little small a tv .
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York.
I mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager like he looked was chineze and that we only slept and went from out 8 to 7 to New see York .
i a mean day 2 stay a was ok stay even tho the looked manager he was like chineze and we that only slept and went out from 7 8 to see to New York .
but sice we almost just slept there i cant give that good of a review
but we sice almost just slept there i cant give that good of review a
sice but almost we just slept there i cant that give of good a review
It was a Saturday and my spring was broken...
Was it a Saturday and my spring was broken . . .
Was a it Saturday and spring my was broken . . .
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh-so pleasant and helpful!
I googled Garage Repair Door Woodinville found in and NDI Johnette - answered the and phone was - oh so pleasant and helpful !
Googled I Garage Door in Repair Woodinville found and NDI - Johnette answered the and was phone oh so - pleasant helpful and !
She sort of appologized for Dan taking the day off to go skiing - but he could do the repair on Sunday!
She sort of appologized for Dan day taking the off to go skiing - but could he the do repair on Sunday !
Sort she of appologized for Dan taking day the off to go - skiing he but could the repair do on Sunday !
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10am to make the repair.
I said and great Dan arrived on time 10am at to make the repair .
Said I great Dan and arrived on time at to 10am the make repair .
I enjoyed speaking with Dan, and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors.
I enjoyed speaking with Dan , and learning about more the how springs are sized for doors these .
Enjoyed I speaking Dan with , and learning how more about the springs are sized these for doors .
The repair went quickly and the price was extremely fair.
The repair quickly went the and price extremely was fair .
The repair went quickly and the price fair extremely was .
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbors.
Recommend I would highly - NDI and will spread the word to my neighbors .
I would recommend highly NDI - and spread will the word my neighbors to .
Thanks Dan and Johnette for your responsiveness and professional service.
And thanks Dan for Johnette your responsiveness and professional service .
Dan and thanks Johnette for responsiveness your and professional service .
Roger M., Woodinville
Roger M . Woodinville ,
M roger . , Woodinville
I wouldn't send my dogs there.
I wouldn ' t send my dogs there .
Wouldn I ' t send my dogs . there
I had a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010.
Had a I conversation with the woman running this place in . April 2010
Had I a conversation the with woman this running place in 2010 April .
She basically said if the children getting off the bus aren't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets.
She basically said if the getting children off the bus aren t paying ' to enter her building she was let going to wander them around the streets .
Basically she said the if children getting off the aren bus t ' paying enter her to building she was going let to wander them around the streets .
Wow, really?
, wow really ?
, wow really ?
With all the child predators out there, a busy road, cars speeding by...... and you are going to let some 4/5 year olds wonder around cause you're money hungry?
All the with predators child there out , a road busy cars , speeding . by . . . . . and you are going to let some 4 / 5 year olds wonder around cause you re ' money hungry ?
All with the child predators there out , a road busy cars , by speeding . . . . . . and you going are to let some 4 / year 5 around olds wonder you cause ' re money hungry ?
REAL CHRISTIAN OF YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
REAL YOU CHRISTIAN OF ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
REAL CHRISTIAN OF YOU ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Whether they pay me or not, if their parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WASN'T PAID.
Whether pay me they not or if , parents their get into accident an , stuck in , traffic etc . THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE WASN I ' T PAID .
Pay whether they me not or , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in , traffic etc . LAST THE THING I DO WOULD A IS CHILD LET GET RAPED BECAUSE I ' WASN T PAID .
Excellent service
Service excellent
Service excellent
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price, but I go to the Garment District for their service.
Could I easily go to Nordstrom for designer my jeans and pay the price same , but I to go the Garment for District service their .
I could go easily to Nordstrom for designer my jeans pay and the same , price I but to go the District Garment for service their .
Previous reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that, but I find the staff more helpful than anything else.
Previous said reviewers they were and pushy can I understand that , but find I the staff more helpful anything than . else
Reviewers said previous they were pushy and I can that understand , I but find the staff more helpful anything else than .
Tiffany is fabulous!
Is tiffany fabulous !
Tiffany fabulous is !
I came in for alterations (free, by the way) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse.
Came I in alterations for ( free , by way the ) and about told her a stain on I had my new leather purse .
I came in for ( alterations free , the by way ) told and about her a I stain on had new my leather purse .
She immediately went to the back, brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot.
She went immediately to the back , brought out leather and cleaner cleaned my purse the on spot .
Immediately she to the went back , brought out leather cleaner cleaned and purse my on the spot .
I didn't even buy the bag there!
I ' didn t even buy the bag there !
I ' didn even t the buy bag there !
Huge selection and, great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they don't have what you need.
Selection huge and , great the suggestions from and staff they refer you reliable to places they if don ' have t what you need .
Huge selection and , great suggestions the from staff and they refer you to if reliable they places don ' have t what you need .
We were expecting a great experience, when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts.
We were expecting great a experience , when we a recieved greeting friendly the by . hosts
Were a we expecting great , experience when we a recieved friendly greeting by the hosts .
The atmosphere was nice and very clean.
Atmosphere the was and nice very clean .
Atmosphere the was and nice very clean .
The menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters.
The had menu of plenty even options for picky eaters .
The menu had of plenty options for even picky . eaters
The service was ok, our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times.
The service ok was , our waitress kept our forgetting even drinks though reminded we her several . times
The service ok was our , waitress kept forgetting drinks even our though we reminded her times several .
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde, it was completly flavorless.
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it flavorless was completly .
Start to we tried the guacamole salsa and , it verde was completly flavorless .
We should have left then.
We should left have then .
We should left have then .
We orderd our meals anyway, chimichangas,jalapeno borritos, and quesadillas.
We our orderd anyway meals , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , quesadillas . and
We orderd our meals , chimichangas anyway jalapeno , borritos and , quesadillas .
Everything was bland, completely void of any spice or flavor.
Everything was bland , completely void of any spice flavor or .
Everything was bland completely , void of any or flavor spice .
We have never had mexican food this bad, it was just simply gross.
Never we have had mexican bad food this , it was just simply gross .
We never have had mexican food bad this , was just it simply gross .
Hopefully they spice things up or they wont be in business long.
They hopefully things spice up or they be wont in business long .
Hopefully they things spice up or they be wont in business . long
I recommend La Hacienda
Recommend I La Hacienda
I recommend Hacienda La
Might try again
Try might again
Try might again
Pros: * Jill, the owner, is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection, I like!
Pros : * Jill , owner the , very is and really nice cares about her feedback * nice atmosphere Pretty * Great Dessert * Not typical your veggie , selection I like !
: pros Jill * , the owner , is nice really very and cares about her * feedback nice Pretty atmosphere * Great Dessert Not * veggie your typical selection , I like !
Don't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides.
' don t know where else can you find Purple Peas and Hull some of the sides other .
Don ' where t know you else can Purple find Peas Hull and some of the other sides .
Cons: * Server wasn't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time, took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating.
: cons * Server wasn ' t very * pleasant small Pretty on portion blackened the catfish * Overcooked * food Time , took about 25 minutes ordering from to eating .
Cons : * Server wasn ' very t * pleasant small Pretty portion on blackened the * catfish Overcooked food * Time , took about 25 minutes ordering from eating to .
Half the tables and bar were empty by this point.
Half the tables and bar were empty this by point .
Half the and tables were bar by empty this point .
Other Thoughts: Will try this place again.
Other Thoughts : Will try this . place again
Thoughts other : Will this try place again .
There must be a reason so many people like it there.
There must a be reason so many people it there like .
There must a be many reason so people like it there .
Their Club sandwich looks tasty, maybe that'll change my mind.... and a different server.
Club sandwich their looks tasty , maybe that ' ll change my mind . . . . and different server a .
Their sandwich Club looks tasty , maybe that ll ' my change mind . . . . and a server different .
very professional / very helpful
professional very / very helpful
very professional / helpful very
the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly and helpful.
the people at Leasing Fidelity were very and helpful friendly .
the people at Leasing Fidelity were friendly very and . helpful
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs.
i was looking for a car but did really not know what wanted i and they were very and helpful took the to time figure first out what needs were my and showing me various options meet to those needs .
i was for looking a car but did not know really what i wanted and they were helpful and very took the to time figure first out what my needs were and showing various me to options meet those needs .
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale.
they seemed more interested in helping the me find right rather car just then make sale a .
they seemed more interested in me helping the right find car rather then just a make . sale
my experience with them was great - low stress, very helpful and very personal.
my experience with them was - great low stress , helpful very and very personal .
my experience them with great was - low , stress helpful very and very personal .
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible.
after finding the car i wanted took the they time to go over each and step making as it painless as possible .
Finding after the car wanted i they took time the to go over each step making and it as painless as possible .
from start to finish they were top notch.
from start finish to were they top notch .
Start from to finish they top were notch .
i would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car.
i would highly calling recommend people these up your for next car .
would highly I recommend calling these people up your for next car .
This insurance co. Is a joke !!!
This insurance co . a Is joke ! ! !
This . insurance co Is joke a ! ! !
They have absolutely no communication skills whatsoever .
Have they absolutely no skills communication whatsoever .
They have no absolutely skills communication whatsoever .
if you don't mind being robbed ,cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .
if don you ' t mind robbed being , cheated or lied to then this is the you company for .
if you don ' mind t being robbed cheated , lied to or then is this the for company you .
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .
Will they make attempt every to misinform and themselves misrepresent .
Will they make attempt every to misinform misrepresent and themselves .
They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .
Make they excuses up in to hopes confuse policy their holders with misinformation .
They make excuses up in hopes to policy confuse their holders with . misinformation
as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household ?
An as they example took payment for out 5 monthly of 6 plan premiums for a yearly policy cancelled and the contract the for remainder of the for policy reasons they stated was receiving not information on other licensed drivers in the ? household
an as example they payment took for 5 out of 6 plan monthly premiums for a policy yearly and the cancelled contract the for remainder of the policy for reasons stated they was not receiving information other on licensed in drivers the ? household
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?
Personally I the provided on request separate four occasions and they claim there is glitch a in systems their ?
Personally provided I the on request four separate occasions and they claim there is glitch a in their systems ?
Ifa is an acronym for Im a F%#king Assh@%$e !!!
An ifa is for acronym Im a F % # Assh king @ % $ ! e ! !
Ifa is an for acronym a Im F % # Assh king @ % $ e ! ! !
Fantastic Service!
Service fantastic !
Fantastic ! Service
I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires, alignment and state inspection done yesterday.
I have been a here few times for oil changes and just my got tires , and alignment inspection state done yesterday .
I have here been times a few for changes oil and got just my , tires alignment and state inspection done yesterday .
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage.
Shopped I around it and were they extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my which tires extend should the and life get me gas better mileage .
Shopped I around it and they were extremely competitive in pricing added and also nitrogen to my tires which extend the should and life get me better gas mileage .
It also came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires!
Also it came with free balance and rotation for the life the of tires !
Also it with came free balance and for rotation the life the of tires !
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride.
What made it that perfect was offered they transportation so I that would not have to there wait take or time of off work to back go and forth or try to find a ride .
What it made perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not to have wait there or take off time work of to back go and forth to or try a find ride .
Great service, great pricing and SUPER CONVENIENT!
Great , service great pricing SUPER and CONVENIENT !
Service great , great and pricing SUPER CONVENIENT !
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need.
I did feel also not like they to tried sell me a bunch of that services did I not need .
Also I not feel did they like tried to sell me bunch a of services that I did need not .
Love my home at Creekside
Love home my at Creekside
Love my home Creekside at
I moved to Creekside Apartments in August 2008 with a 6-month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months!
Moved I to Creekside Apartments in August with 2008 6 a month - and lease have extended it just for another 13 months !
Moved I to Creekside in Apartments August 2008 with a 6 - month lease and just it have extended for another 13 months !
The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff, esp. Edwin, are just wonderful.
Management the from Julie and to work Janice the staff , . esp Edwin , are just wonderful .
Management the from Julie Janice and to work the staff , esp . Edwin , are just wonderful .
They have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked for help.
They have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked help for .
They been have extremely helpful whenever have I for asked help .
Although the apartments are facing Stokes Street and close to the Bascom Light Rail, the location is surprisingly quiet.
The although are apartments facing Stokes Street and to close Bascom the Light Rail the , location surprisingly is quiet .
Apartments although are the facing Stokes Street and close to the Bascom Light Rail , the location surprisingly is quiet .
I have never had any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety.
Have I never any had with problems loud neighbors or about concerns safety .
I have had never any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about . safety
The apartments are within walking distance to Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, and other stores.
The apartments within are walking distance to Joe Trader s ' , Whole Foods , stores and other .
The are apartments walking within to distance Trader Joe ' s , Whole , Foods and stores other .
The well-equipped, clean gym is a plus!
The - well equipped , clean is a gym plus !
Well the - , equipped clean gym is plus a !
Great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose!
Place great to if live you work and in downtown around San Jose !
Great place live to if you and work in around downtown San ! Jose
I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel.
Interviewed I several contractors for a remodel kitchen .
Interviewed I contractors several for a kitchen remodel .
Liberty construction shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these certificates that say we're great".
Liberty construction shows and up it ' s guys two . . . I all is get % 100 sales pitch " We ' re the . best . . we ' re number 50 so must we be doing something right . . . look at these all certificates say that we re ' great " .
Liberty construction up shows and it ' s two . guys . all . I get is 100 sales % pitch " We ' the re best . . . we ' number re 50 so we must be something doing right . . . look at all certificates that these say we ' great re " .
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted, all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there.
Did once not I feel listened to like actually they cared about what I wanted all , they in were interested was me signing a contract right then and there .
Not once I listened did feel to like they actually cared about I what wanted , they all were interested in signing was me contract a right then there and .
Very high pressured sales and with the reviews of many others bad service.
Very high sales pressured with and of the reviews many others bad service .
High very pressured sales with and reviews the of many bad others service .
I'm glad I trusted my gut and didn't get sucked into doing business with them.
I ' m trusted glad I my didn gut and ' t get sucked doing into with business them .
I m ' I glad trusted gut my and didn t ' sucked get into business doing with them .
Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right.
Find someone you trust actually that hears you and wants to the do job right .
Find someone you trust that actually and hears you to wants do the right job .
Don't waste your time or money!
Don t ' waste your or time money !
Don ' waste t your time or ! money
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest, apart from the shark walkway, I thought it was rubbish and overpriced.
I my 3 took year old son here the at weekend to and honest be apart , from shark the walkway I , thought it was rubbish and . overpriced
Took I my 3 year old son at here the weekend and to be , honest apart the from shark walkway I , thought it was overpriced rubbish and .
Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round, it took us just over one hour start to finish.
Into even taking account the fact that my 3 year old wanted most to run the of way , round took it us just over one start hour finish to .
Taking even into account the fact that my year 3 old wanted to of run most way the round it , took us just over hour start one to . finish
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this.
If you been have to the London I would Aquarium even not bother with this .
You if have been to the London Aquarium I would even not bother with this .
If you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of 30 for 2 two people then go for it.
If are you really desperate for something pass to the time and are willing to shell out best the part of  30 for 2 two people then go it . for
You if are really desperate something to for pass the time and willing to are shell the out best part of  30 for 2 two people go then for it .
(For some reason itwill not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me!)
For ( reason some itwill let not me it rate one star - it is rated not 5 me by ! )
( some For reason itwill not let rate me one it star - it is not rated by 5 me ! )
Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson enough.
Dental cranmore and : Implant Clinic I could not recommend Dr David enough Nelson .
Dental cranmore and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson . enough
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson.
I had a phobia severe of the attending dentist until I met treated and was by Dr . Nelson
I had severe a phobia of attending the until dentist I and met was treated by Dr Nelson .
He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free.
He put instantaneously me at ease and treatments his ongoing have been pain absolutely free .
He put instantaneously me at ease his and treatments ongoing have absolutely been pain free .
My previous apprehension has been dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due!
Previous my has apprehension been dismissed I and no have longer a sinking feeling when next my appointment due is !
My previous apprehension been has and I dismissed no longer have feeling a sinking when next my appointment is due !
In addition to the core treatment, Dr Nelson has impressed me further with his concern and interest in the well-being of his patients  his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient.
Addition to in the core treatment , Dr Nelson has impressed me further his with concern and in interest the well being - of patients his  his dental work underpinned by a strong duty care of every to patient .
In addition to the core treatment , Dr has Nelson impressed me further with his concern and interest in well the being of - his patients  his dental work by underpinned strong a of duty to care every patient .
He is always prepared to go the extra mile to ensure that any patient discomfort is dealt with immediately 
Is he always prepared to go extra mile the to ensure any that patient is discomfort with dealt immediately 
He is always prepared go to the extra to mile ensure that any discomfort dealt patient is with  immediately
Pam Gillies
Gillies pam
Gillies pam
Best Salsa (hehehe)
Best Salsa ( ) hehehe
Best ( Salsa hehehe )
After my trees were cleaned up, they gave me a jar of salsa.
After my trees were up cleaned , they me gave of a jar salsa .
After my trees cleaned up were , they me gave jar a of salsa .
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was right.
Warned the owner me that it was salsa the best I ever would had , and was he right .
The owner me warned it that the was best I salsa would ever had , and he was right .
No joke!
Joke no !
Joke no !
I hate to say check them out just for the salsa, but James, I NEED another jar badly :) All kidding aside, they are a very good company, I have a hard time giving any service biz a 5 star review but they came close.
Hate I to say check them just out for salsa the , James but , I NEED another badly jar : ) kidding All aside , they are very a company good , I have a hard time giving any service biz 5 a star review but came they close .
Hate I to say check them out just for salsa the , but James , I NEED another jar badly : ) aside All kidding , they a are very good company , I a have hard time giving any biz service a 5 star review but came they close .
Very affordable (don't call it cheap) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when I got home from work.
Very affordable ( don ' t call it cheap ) and their were trimmers quick courteous and when home got I work . from
( very don affordable ' call t cheap it ) their and trimmers were quick courteous and when I got home from work .
And the salsa, be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around, you will need them.....
The salsa and be sure , to ask for jar a and have plenty chips of , around you will them need . . . . .
The and salsa , sure be to ask for jar a have plenty and of around chips , you will need them . . . . .
Dr. Mann killed our pet
Dr . killed Mann our pet
Dr . killed Mann our pet
Yea, Dr. Mann ain't so great.
Yea Dr , . Mann ain ' t . so great
, yea Dr . Mann ain ' so great t .
We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead.
Took we beloved our kitty him to and it came back dead .
Took we our beloved kitty him to and came it back dead .
We live in the sub-division around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets goto Dr. Mann for surgical procedures and came back dead.
We in live sub the - division around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up some at neighborhood gatherings discovered we that people several from this neighborhood alone had pets goto Dr . Mann surgical for procedures came back and dead .
We live in the sub - division the around corner and after happened and it we it brought up at neighborhood some we gatherings discovered several that people this from neighborhood alone had pets goto Dr . surgical Mann for procedures and came back dead .
If you take him here for shots, no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again.
You if take here him shots for , no big deal but I would let never this apply man anesthetic to my pet ever again .
You if take here him for shots , no big deal I but would let never this apply man to anesthetic my ever pet again .
Oh, they also charged me for the procedure ($250) AND had the audacity to charge me a $25 'DISPOSAL' fee.
Oh , they charged me also the for ( procedure $ 250 ) AND had audacity the to me charge $ a 25 ' DISPOSAL fee ' .
Oh , also they charged me procedure for the ( 250 $ ) AND had to the audacity charge me a 25 $ DISPOSAL ' ' fee .
They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee.
They itemized actually it as a DISPOSAL . fee
Actually they it itemized as a DISPOSAL fee .
AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
AVOID AT COSTS ALL .
AVOID AT ALL . COSTS
One of the worst places
One the of worst places
One of the places worst
This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places to order from.
This place and its store Peking sister Garden are the worst places to order from .
This and place sister its store Garden Peking are the worst places order to from .
the food was horrible not cooked like it should be, they got the order wrong on a number of occasions, and once forgot about my order.
Was the food horrible not cooked it like should be , they the got order wrong on a number of occasions , and once forgot about my order .
food the horrible was cooked not like it should be , got they order the wrong on number a of occasions and , once forgot about order my .
i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady (who claimed to be a manager) said my food was on the way, and she didnt offer to compensate me in any kind of way.
i to had call back up there two later hours the and ( lady who claimed to a be ) manager said food my was on the way , and she didnt offer to compensate me any in kind of way .
i had call to back up there two hours later and the ( lady who claimed be to a manager ) said food my was on the way , and she didnt offer me to compensate any in kind way of .
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold.
waited I 30 another mins before receiving food my it and was cold .
i waited 30 another mins before receiving food my and it was cold .
in my opinon this place should be shut down by the health inspector, and anyone who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real asian restaurant.
in opinon this my place should be down by shut the inspector health , and anyone who is there satisfied with service and food never has eaten at a real restaurant asian .
my in opinon this place shut should be down by the inspector health , anyone and who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten a at real restaurant asian .
Gone downhill since change in ownership
Gone downhill change since in ownership
Gone downhill change since in ownership
Sigh.
. sigh
. sigh
I used to LOVE this place.
Used I to LOVE this . place
I to used this LOVE place .
But now that they are part of a chain, service has slipped.
Now that but they are part of chain a , has service slipped .
But that now they are part of a chain , service has . slipped
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them, they lost my car key.
I am waiting longer BNA at my for pickups and last I time parked them with , my they lost car key .
Am I waiting at longer BNA for my pickups and last time I with parked them , lost they my car key .
Lucky I had a spare with me!
Lucky a I had spare with me !
Lucky I had spare with a me !
To date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one.
To date have they made not good either by finding the key or paying a for new . one
Date to they not have made good by either the finding key paying or for new a one .
(These new car keys are EXPENSIVE to copy, you can't just go to WalMart.)
( new These car keys EXPENSIVE are to you copy , can ' just t to go WalMart . )
( These car new are keys to copy EXPENSIVE , you can t just ' go to WalMart . )
Go to the website for coupons and join the club -you can get free parking.
Go the to website for and coupons the join club - you free can get parking .
Go to website the for coupons join and the - club can you get parking free .
However, with BNA offering one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility, it may be cheaper to park at BNA.
However , with BNA one offering day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility it , may be to park cheaper at BNA .
However , with BNA one offering day free of to parking due of construction the new rental car facility , may it be to cheaper at park BNA .
Wife and I attempted to adopt a dog and was nothing but frustrating.
And wife I attempted to adopt and a dog was nothing frustrating but .
Wife I and attempted to adopt dog a was and nothing but . frustrating
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked.
Arrived we Sunday at 230 about found and a we do really liked .
We arrived Sunday at and about 230 found a we do really . liked
We were told that we couldn't today because they were closing soon.
Were told we that we couldn t ' today because were they closing soon .
Were we we told that couldn ' t today because they were closing . soon
I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in.
I called the next morning to then let know my would wife be driving in .
The I called next morning let to know then my wife would be driving in .
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit.
They me gave run the and around missing only paperwork to back call to tell someone me wanted else her and would I need to come in put and down a deposit .
They gave me the run around missing and only paperwork to call back tell to me someone else wanted her and I need would to in come and put down a deposit .
I work 2 hours away but offered my card over the phone.
I 2 work away hours but offered my card over phone the .
Work I 2 hours away but offered card my the over phone .
They refused.
Refused they .
Refused they .
Terrible communication as well.
Terrible communication well as .
Terrible as communication well .
At one point they told me the dog had been fixed, the next day it hadn't.
At one point they told me dog the been had , fixed next day the it hadn t ' .
At point one they told me the had dog fixed been the , next day it hadn ' t .
Huge ammount of time wasted time and elevated blood pressure.
Ammount huge of time wasted time elevated and pressure blood .
Ammount huge time of wasted time and blood elevated pressure .
College is a Joke and the Salon is a JOKE!
Is college a and Joke the Salon is JOKE a !
College is Joke a and the is Salon a ! JOKE
Went to the school here OVER PRICED!!!!!!
Went the to here school PRICED OVER ! ! ! ! ! !
Went to the school OVER here PRICED ! ! ! ! ! !
You do NOT learn the things you were promised.
Do you learn NOT the you things were promised .
Do you NOT learn the things were you . promised
You have to bring in your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you dont then you can graduate!
You to have bring in own your and models they have to pay for to you use if them you dont then you can graduate !
You bring have to in your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you dont then you graduate can !
Going back after graduating your told you get a discount on services nope you dont.
Going back after your graduating told you a discount get services on nope you dont .
Back going after graduating told your you get a discount on services dont nope you .
Staff is under educated.
Staff is under . educated
Is staff under educated .
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money.
Going you there learn school the not does about care the services given just about money the .
There going you learn the school not does care about the services given just the about money .
Over priced for students to learn!
Priced over for students learn to !
Over priced students for to ! learn
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon!!!
Of beware the nail program you not are to taught use a drill nail AT you ALL learn the old fashioned way of you doing nails not will be do able to well in a salon ! ! !
Beware of the nail program you are taught not use to a nail drill ALL AT you learn fashioned the old way of doing you nails will not be able to do well a in ! salon ! !
BEWARE!
! BEWARE
! BEWARE
You can fool people
You can people fool
You can people fool
This store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising.
This is store proof that you fool can people with advertising good .
This store is proof you that fool can people good with advertising .
They convince lots of people that they are a great store, when in fact they are a very average place at best, they are just another big box store like the others.
They lots convince people that of they a are great store when in , fact are they a very average place at best they , are another just big box like store the others .
They lots convince that of people are they a great store , when in fact are they a very average at best place , they are just big another box store like the others .
They offer sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about return items, and on and on.
They offer sales that aren ' really t sales , items mislabeled that the make like sound item a deal good when it isn ' t , a bad attitude return about , items and on on and .
Offer sales they that aren ' t really sales mislabeled , items make that the item sound like a good deal it when isn ' , t attitude a bad about items return , and on and . on
With higher than average prices to boot!
With than higher average prices to ! boot
With higher average than to prices boot !
So don't get taken in, keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here.
So don ' t get in taken keep , your open eyes if choose you to shop . here
Don so ' t get taken in , your keep eyes open you if choose to shop here .
On the other hand, the Richmond Ukrops chain is known for its charity work, its community action, and its interest in the public welfare.
The on , other hand the Richmond Ukrops chain is for known its charity work , its action community , and its interest in public the welfare .
Other on the hand , the Ukrops Richmond chain is for known its work charity , community action its , and its interest in public the welfare .
Never again
Again never
Again never
Don't go here unless you want to sit,order,eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes.
' don go here t unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave in all matter a 20 of minutes .
Don ' t here go unless you want to sit , order , eat be to and asked leave in all matter a of 20 minutes .
You won't even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table.
Won you t ' have even time read to the entire menu before asked being to order and if ask you more for time server your will at wait the table .
You won ' t even to have time read entire the menu before being to asked order and if for you more ask your time server will wait the at table .
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting.
Is this the place only I have ever and eaten been to told leave people because other were waiting .
The this is place only I have ever eaten and been to leave told because other were people waiting .
I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it.
I was told take to my coffee to if go I to finish wanted it .
I was told to my take to go coffee I if wanted to finish it .
Oh, and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas.
, oh and their license was liquor expired no so Bloody Mary or Mimosas .
, oh and liquor their license expired was so no Mary Bloody or Mimosas .
Plus the drinks are self service, have fun trying to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get your coffee, juice or water.
The plus drinks are self service , have fun trying negotiate to the small cafeteria space to coffee get your or , water juice .
Drinks plus the are self service have , fun trying to negotiate the cafeteria small space get to your coffee , juice or water .
Go next door to the Ball Square Cafe instead.
Next door go to the Ball Square instead Cafe .
Next door go to Ball the Square Cafe instead .
I guess you get what you pay for.
I guess get you you what pay for .
I guess get you what you for pay .
I tried to stay here for a few nights with my girlfriend, so we asked for a single queen bed.
I to stay tried here for a few nights with my girlfriend , we so asked for a single bed queen .
I tried to here stay for a few with nights girlfriend my so , asked for we a single queen bed .
We got there, and we were treated to the free "upgrade" of a room with two double beds.
We there got , we and treated were to the free " upgrade of " room a with double two beds .
Got we there , we and were treated the to " free upgrade " a of room with double two beds .
Since they consider this an upgrade, they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room.
Since they consider upgrade this an , they let their other rooms fill and up not would change our room .
Since this consider they an upgrade , they let their other fill rooms up not and would change our room .
Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door....right next to the ice machine.
We then put got in a room with a huge under gap the door . . . . next right to the machine ice .
We then got in put a room with huge a gap under the . door . . . right next to ice the machine .
We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room.
We hear could thing every single that happened like outside it was inside our room .
We could hear single every thing happened that outside like it was inside our room .
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not receive the single queen we had "reserved"
When I finally found someone at the desk speak who English could , they moved room our , but we still did not the single receive queen we had " " reserved
When I found finally someone the at desk could who speak English , they moved room our , but still did we receive not the queen single had we " reserved "
I was thoroughly impressed!
I thoroughly was impressed !
Was I thoroughly impressed !
I had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apart.
I had a with problem the tile in bathroom my apart coming .
I had a with problem the tile in bathroom my apart coming .
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they weren't the cheapest I found but very reasonable.
I a called different few businesses in area the to estimates get , they weren ' t cheapest the I found but very reasonable .
Called I a different few in the businesses area to get estimates , they weren t ' cheapest the I found but very . reasonable
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures.
Part the best is I got my whole remodeled for bathroom the about price same other the ' company s quoting were just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .
Best the part is got I whole my bathroom remodeled for the about same the price other company ' were s quoting fix just to the tile shower and fixtures .
They had the work done in about half the time quoted which made me and my wife extremely happy.
Had they the work in done about half quoted the time which made me and wife extremely my happy .
They had the work done about in the half quoted time which made and me my happy wife extremely .
We have had nothing but compliments on our bathroom when guest come over- who would have guessed that one?
Have we had nothing but on compliments bathroom when our guest over come - who would have that guessed one ?
We had have nothing but compliments our on when bathroom guest - come over would who have guessed that one ?
Very nice work and friendly guys too.
Very nice work and friendly too . guys
Nice very work and guys friendly too .
Best money I've spent on remodeling ever.
Money best I ' ve spent on remodeling ever .
Best money I ' remodeling ve spent on ever .
I highly recommend any one considering home repair to give these guys a call.
Highly I recommend one considering any home repair to give guys these a call .
I highly any recommend one considering home repair give to guys these a . call
New training Centre is excellent
New Centre training is excellent
New training Centre excellent is
The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull.
The Dance Award has Centre moved from Holderness Road its to site a complex new on Chamberlain Road Hull .
The Award Centre Dance has from moved Holderness its Road to site a new complex Road on Chamberlain Hull .
The new Centre has 4 studios planned and now boasts the largest single dance floor area in Kingston upon Hull.
The new Centre has 4 studios and planned boasts now the largest dance single floor area in Kingston Hull upon .
New the 4 Centre studios has planned now and boasts the largest single dance floor area in upon Kingston Hull .
The classes cover all age and skill ranges, with BALLROOM, LATIN, SEQUENCE, STREET, DISCO, LINE DANCING, BALLET, TAP & JAZZ.
Classes the all and cover age skill ranges , with BALLROOM , LATIN , , SEQUENCE STREET , DISCO LINE , DANCING , BALLET , & TAP . JAZZ
The cover classes all age and ranges skill BALLROOM , with LATIN , , SEQUENCE , STREET , DISCO , LINE BALLET DANCING , TAP , & JAZZ .
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening....
Have we attended A Ward Dance a Centre for year over and really enjoy the friendly and way welcoming we are taught Ballroom and as Latin well as the fun filled social evening dance held every Saturday evening . . . .
We attended have A Dance Ward for Centre over a year and really enjoy the and friendly welcoming way taught we are Ballroom and Latin as as well fun the filled social dance evening held every evening Saturday . . . .
It is not really possible to score this school too highly, We would give it 12 out of 10 and 5 Stars across the board Steve & Anne
It is not really to possible this score school too highly , We would it give out 12 of 10 Stars and 5 across board Steve the & Anne
It is not really to possible score this school too highly , would We it give 12 out of 10 and 5 Stars across the Steve board & Anne
I purchased a 2-year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership.
I 2 purchased a - year old certified pre - BMW owned from dealership this .
I purchased 2 a - old year certified pre - owned BMW from this dealership .
The night I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage.
The I night back drove , home I found that rear the window has some . leakage
The night back I drove home , found I that the window rear some has leakage .
(You can hear the wind while driving on highway.
( You hear can wind the while on driving highway .
( can You hear the wind while highway driving on .
Very likely it needs a new window seal).
Very likely needs a it window new seal ) .
It very likely needs a new window ) seal .
I admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test drive.
Admit I I should that have paid attention to kind this of little while things test drive .
Admit I that I have should paid attention to this of kind little things while test drive .
(But this is a certified car from a dealer.)
But ( this is certified a car from dealer a . )
( But is this certified a car a from dealer . )
So I brought the car back the second day.
I so brought the back car the second . day
So I brought the back car second the . day
They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $175 just to diagnose the problem!
Told that they me this is not under warranty and to want charge me 175 $ just to diagnose the ! problem
They told me that this is not under and warranty to want charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing.
Who how knows they much want to me pay to this fix thing .
Who knows how much they me want pay to to fix this thing .
I walked away.
Walked I away .
Walked I away .
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER.
So my advice is that TRUST NEVER THIS DEALER .
So advice that my is NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .
STAY AWAY AS FAR AS POSSIBLE.
STAY AS AWAY AS FAR POSSIBLE .
AWAY AS STAY FAR AS POSSIBLE .
Perfect Practice
Practice perfect
Practice perfect
After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish.
After I had chosen Dental The Fountain Practice they provided a and slick professional from service start to finish .
After I had chosen The Fountain Dental they Practice a provided and slick service professional from start to finish .
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself, putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process, both initially and then as we went along.
Was everyone friendly the receptionist from to the surgeon , herself putting me at ease my explaining and the process whole , both and initially then we as went along .
Everyone was friendly from the to receptionist the surgeon herself , putting at my me ease explaining and whole the process , initially both then as and went we along .
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them.
Surgery timings visit were always to suit made me and not them and they gave me the feeling that mattered I was important and to them .
Visit timings surgery were always made to suit me and them not and they gave me the feeling I that and mattered was important them to .
The surgery itself is slick, modern and very relaxed and I always felt that I was in capable hands.
The surgery is itself , modern slick very and relaxed and always I felt I that was in capable hands .
The itself surgery is slick modern , and relaxed very I and always felt that was I in capable . hands
My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established.
My surgeon dental , Dr . Lucy Nichols is clearly a and dental perfectionist clearly proud both of work she the and does the reputation she has established .
My dental surgeon , Dr . Nichols is Lucy a clearly dental and clearly perfectionist proud of both the work she and does reputation the she has established .
Everyone was so helpful that I cannot wait to go back .....
Was everyone so helpful cannot that I wait go to back . . . . .
Was everyone so helpful that cannot I to wait go . back . . . .
Peter
Peter
Peter
Wonderful service for large group
Wonderful service large for group
Service wonderful for large group
I had my wedding luncheon at this BJs restaurant, and it was one of the best choices that I made.
Had I wedding my at luncheon this BJs restaurant , it was and of one the best choices that I made .
Had I wedding my luncheon at BJs this restaurant , and it one was of the choices best that made I .
It was a great deal--we paid a certain amount per person, and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted.
Was a it deal great - - we a paid certain person amount per , and my husband and I chose types 4 of pizza and servers the brought out as much as we wanted .
It was a great - deal - we certain paid a amount per person , and my and husband I chose 4 types pizza of and the servers brought as much as out we wanted .
We were also served salad and soda.
We also served were salad and soda .
We were served also and salad soda .
We had a large party, about fifty people or so, and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time.
Had we large party a , about fifty people or so , and everything yet served was and quickly we all had wonderful a time .
We a had large party , about people fifty or so , and was yet everything served quickly and we all had a time wonderful .
Even though we were only supposed to have those specific types of pizza, when guests asked for a different type, it was brought out with no charge to us!
Though even we were supposed to only those have specific types pizza of , when asked guests for a different type , it was brought out with no charge to ! us
Even we though were only have supposed to those specific of , types pizza when guests for asked a different , type it was brought with out no charge to us !
I really appreciate BJs for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service.
Really I appreciate BJs making for that special even day better with their wonderful food . and service
I really appreciate for BJs making special that day better with even wonderful their food and service .
wonderful
wonderful
wonderful
I went to ohm after reading some of the reviews.
I ohm went to after reading some the of reviews .
I went to reading after ohm some of the reviews .
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut.
I go to school in the area wait and usually until go I home to get hair my cut .
I to go school in the and area usually until wait go I to home get hair my cut .
I decided it was time to grow up and made an appointment.
I decided was time it to grow up and made an . appointment
I decided it was to time up grow and made appointment an .
Sierra was my stylist and i love what she did.
Sierra my was stylist and i love what she did .
Was sierra my and stylist love i what she did .
I have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style.
I have hair wavy and she cut to hair style my .
I have hair wavy and she to cut hair my style .
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly.
Was it the time first i left had a with salon my hair curly .
It was the first time i had a left salon my with hair curly .
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state.
They usually blow dry it out and have i to wait until i wash to it see it what will like look in natural its state .
Usually they it blow dry out and i to have until wait wash i to it what see it will like look in its natural state .
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home.
Did but she a fabulous job me letting know what was she doing at all and times styled my in a hair way could i do at it home .
But she a did fabulous letting job know what me she was doing at all times and styled hair in my a way i could do it at . home
It wasn't completly impossible!!!!
It wasn ' t impossible completly ! ! ! !
It ' wasn t ! completly impossible ! ! !
I am definitely going back
Am I definitely going back
I am going definitely back
After recently relocating to South Bend, we were looking for a delicious, fun, yet elegant establishment for New Years Eve dinner.
Recently after relocating South Bend to we , were looking a for delicious , fun , elegant yet for establishment New Years Eve dinner .
Recently after relocating to South Bend , we looking were for delicious a , fun , establishment elegant yet for New Years dinner Eve .
We were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal, and accessibility to the Jazz Club.
We were with this disappointed holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and of the price meal , and the accessibility to Club Jazz .
Were we disappointed this with holiday due dinner to the flavor overall and price of meal the , and accessibility Jazz to the Club .
The meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor, especially for being a special NYE menu.
The was meal extremely and lacked overpriced flavor , especially being for a NYE special menu .
The meal was extremely overpriced lacked and , flavor especially for special being a menu NYE .
The limited menu had few appetizing options and the NYE special packages were way overpriced.
Limited the menu had few appetizing options the and special NYE packages way were overpriced .
The limited menu had few appetizing and options the NYE packages special were way overpriced .
After our meal, our server found us a table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another $10/person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list.
Our after meal , our server found us table a in the club where jazz we were it informed would be another $ 10 / person stay to and listen to band the , despite the we fact had just finished a dinner there and were intending to their enjoy list drink .
After our , meal our server found us a in table the jazz club where we informed were it would be $ another 10 / person to stay listen and the to band , despite fact we the finished had just a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list .
This was a less than impressive experience at Trio's.
This was less a than experience impressive at Trio s ' .
This a was less impressive than at experience Trio ' s .
Run for the hills ... you'll be much better off!
For hills run the . . . you ' ll be much better ! off
The for run hills . . . you ' ll much be better off !
One night was too much.
One night was much too .
One night too was much .
First room had used tissues next to the bed and I requested it be rectified.
Had first room used tissues to next the bed and requested I it be rectified .
First had room used next tissues the to bed and I requested it rectified be .
I was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty, the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it, the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould.
I was moved then to another room around the back where the room was dirty , the was shower dirty with other peoples in hair it , the toilet was seat peeling and rough and the bathroom full was of . mould
Was I then another moved to room around back the where the room was dirty , the shower dirty was peoples with hair other in , it the toilet seat was peeling rough and and the bathroom was full of mould .
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told "This is a Days Inn, not the Hilton" and the receptionist then hung up on me.
I reception called ask to they if knew state the the room was in was and told " This is a Days Inn not , the Hilton " and the receptionist hung then up me on .
I called to reception ask they if the knew the state was room in and told was " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up me on .
To warn you to stay away from this place just isn't enough.
Warn to you stay to away from this place isn ' just t enough .
Warn to you to away from stay this place just isn t ' enough .
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned.
There was not one ounce of caring and involved anyone can I warn about the of lack complete service be will warned .
Was there not ounce one of caring involved and anyone I can warn about complete the of lack service warned will be .
Grocery and Daily Needs Store
Grocery and Daily Store Needs
Grocery and Needs Daily Store
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software.
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was on a running dos based software .
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail was store running on a dos software based .
We were having a major problem in maintaining cash.
Having we were a major problem maintaining in cash .
Were we having a major in problem cash maintaining .
Being a grocery shop, maintaining 5000 different products was a challenging job.
Being a grocery shop , maintaining 5000 products different a was challenging job .
Being a shop grocery , maintaining 5000 products different a was job challenging .
Managing POS counter without barcoding was really a tough time.
Managing counter POS without barcoding really was tough a time .
POS managing counter without barcoding was tough really a time .
How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ?
FusionRetail has how overcome these issues ?
FusionRetail has how overcome these issues ?
FusionRetail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way.
helps FusionRetail us to maintain the store in an organised way .
FusionRetail helps us to maintain store the in an organised way .
Usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale, purchase and returns was never easy before.
Of usage product and barcodes smooth of maintenance inventory with recording proper of transactions like sale , purchase and returns never was easy before .
Usage of product barcodes smooth and maintenance inventory of proper with recording of transactions like , sale purchase returns and was never easy before .
How long does it take to train new people at work ?
Long how does take it to train new people work at ?
How does long take it to new train people at work ?
Billing takes 15 minutes and backoffice jobs takes 1 day's training How fast your support queries get answered ?
Billing takes 15 minutes and backoffice jobs takes day 1 ' s training How your support queries fast get answered ?
Billing minutes takes 15 and backoffice jobs 1 takes day ' s training How fast support your queries get answered ?
Over telephone, immediate.
Over telephone immediate , .
Over , telephone immediate .
On call, it takes a day to get our issues resolved.
Call on , it day takes a to get our issues resolved .
Call on , it takes a day get to our resolved issues .
Can't wait to go back!!!
Can ' t wait back go to ! ! !
' can t wait back to go ! ! !
This is by far the BEST B&B that we have ever stayed at!
This is the by far BEST & B B that we have ever stayed at !
This by is far BEST the B & B that we have stayed ever ! at
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at.
We were Santa in Fe a for special and event hosts our rented out the El Paradero for all guests their to stay at .
Were we Santa in Fe a for special event and our out hosts rented the Paradero El all for their guests to stay at .
We could not have been more welcomed, more comfortable or more well fed.
We not could have more been welcomed , more comfortable more or fed well .
Could we have not been more welcomed , more comfortable more well or fed .
The weekend was perfect in every way, in large part to Sue and her great staff.
The weekend was perfect every in way , large in part to Sue and her staff great .
Weekend the perfect in was every way , in large part to her Sue and great staff .
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well.
So was everyone friendly and really went out of their way make to everything sure went well .
Everyone so was and friendly really went out of their to way make sure everything went well .
We can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great B&B...especially my 4 year old, who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the ladies, and has talked about them since we left!
We can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great B & . B . . especially 4 year my old , made who friends with Ms . all Sue and the ladies , has and talked about them we since left !
We can not to wait go back to Santa Fe to and this B great & B . . . especially 4 my year old , who made with friends Ms . and Sue the , all ladies and has about talked them since we left !
We would highly recommend the El Paradero on your next trip to Santa Fe!
We would highly El recommend the Paradero on next your trip to Fe Santa !
We would highly the recommend El on Paradero your trip next Santa to Fe !
Disatisfied customer, I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their recommended vendors.
Disatisfied customer , I through went Kitchen Aid and one used of their . recommended vendors
Disatisfied customer , I went Kitchen through and Aid used one recommended of their vendors .
A&E came out, charged $129 fee just to walk in the door.
& a E came out , $ charged 129 just fee to in walk the . door
& a E came , out charged $ fee 129 just to the walk in door .
I needed a part for my appliance, the cost was very high so I said never mind, paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote.
Needed I a part for my appliance the , cost very was high I so said mind never , paid fee and the called a local business for a second quote .
Needed I a part for my appliance the , was cost high very so I never said , mind paid the and fee called a local business for a second quote .
The second vendor charged $55 (less than half of what A&E charges) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service (which A&E does not).
The second vendor charged $ 55 less ( half than of A what & charges ) E to and come that applied to the price the of repair service ( A which & E does ) not .
The vendor second charged $ 55 ( than less half what of A & E charges ) to come applied and that the price to of the service repair ( & which A E not does ) .
Their quote came in at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part.
Their quote came in at half price the A of & E for the work same and part same .
Their quote came in half at price the A of E & the for same work same and part .
Seems to me like A&E charges way more than necessary!
To seems like me A & E charges more way than necessary !
To seems me like A & way E charges more than necessary !
Very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well, I thought that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work, obviously they do not!
Disappointed very in Kitchen Aid well , as I thought that pre they - screened their for vendors price and of quality work , obviously not they do !
Very disappointed in Kitchen as Aid well , I thought they that pre - screened vendors their for and price of quality work , obviously they not do !
Lovely Nails on Cayuga St. in Lewiston, NY
Nails lovely on Cayuga St . Lewiston in NY ,
Lovely Nails on St Cayuga . in Lewiston , NY
First let me start out by saying, that I have had very nice pedicures at Lovely Nails on Military Road.
First let me out start by saying , that have I very had nice pedicures Nails at Lovely Military on Road .
Let first start me out by saying , that I have very had nice pedicures Lovely at Military Nails on Road .
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston, as I live in Youngstown.
Very I was excited that a salon opening was in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .
Was I very excited that salon a was in opening Lewiston as , I live in . Youngstown
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life.
Was I in two ago weeks and had the pedicure that worst have I had in my life .
Was in I weeks two ago had the and worst pedicure that I have had in my life .
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman.
Four there were us of and was I taken first by a gentleman .
There four were of us I and taken was by first a gentleman .
I put my foot in the water and it was cool.
I put foot in my the and water it was cool .
Put I my foot the in and water it was cool .
He did warm it up.
Did he warm it up .
He did warm up it .
He also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back.
Also he hurt my will toes pushing my back cuticles .
Also hurt my he toes will pushing my cuticles back .
If the pedicure lasted 20 mins., that was a stretch.
The if lasted pedicure 20 . mins , that was a stretch .
The if pedicure lasted 20 mins . , that was a stretch .
The other ladies had a similar experience, both had nail polish on a couple of toes.
The other had ladies a experience similar , both had nail on polish a couple of toes .
Other the ladies had a similar , experience both had nail on a polish couple toes of .
None of us will be using their services again, which is a shame.
None of will us using be their services again which , is shame a .
Us none of will using be services their again , which is a shame .
Good Service - Limited Results
Good Service - Results Limited
Service good - Limited Results
Andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re: infertility.
And andrew was helpful knowledgeable about acupuncture re : infertility .
Andrew was helpful and about knowledgeable acupuncture re : infertility .
He was willing to talk to me about my specific issues and develop a plan of action.
Was he willing talk to to me about my specific issues and develop a plan of action .
Was he willing to talk to about me issues my and specific develop a plan of action .
The office is shared with a foot doctor and it's very sterile and medical feeling, which I liked.
The is office shared with a foot and doctor it ' very s sterile medical and feeling , which I liked .
Office the is shared with a doctor foot ' and it s very sterile medical and feeling , I which liked .
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients/doctors.
The down side was that sometimes was there lot a of noise in the hallway other from patients doctors / .
The down side was sometimes that there was a lot noise of in the hallway from other patients / doctors .
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs.
I worked Andrew with for 2 and did months acupuncture and herbs .
Worked I Andrew with for 2 months did and acupuncture and herbs .
The sessions were nice and I felt relaxed after them but did not notice any changes with my cycles.
Sessions the nice were and I felt relaxed after them but not did notice any changes my with cycles .
The sessions were nice and I felt after relaxed them did not but any notice with my changes cycles .
I know it can take awhile for results and didn't expect a miracle, but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost/time.
I know can it awhile take for and results didn ' t expect miracle a , after but 2 months felt I like it was not worth entirely the cost / time .
Know I it take can awhile results for and didn ' t expect a miracle after , but months I 2 felt like it was not worth the entirely cost / time .
(I am also a little suspicious of all these glowing reviews...)
( am I also a suspicious little all these of glowing reviews . . . )
( I am also a little suspicious of all these glowing reviews . . . )
Friendly, clean and excellent location
Friendly , and clean excellent location
Friendly , and clean excellent location
The staff was very helpful, and gave us good advice on day and night time activities.
The staff was very helpful and , us gave on good advice day and night activities time .
Staff the was very helpful , and us gave good advice on day and night time . activities
Common room was comfortable and clean, very good room to read or relax. 
Common room comfortable was and , clean very good room to or read . relax 
Room common was and comfortable clean , very good room to read or relax . 
A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30am; yummy fresh Parisian croissants.
A great which breakfast was included every until morning : 30am 9 ; yummy Parisian fresh croissants .
A great breakfast was which included every morning 9 : until 30am ; yummy fresh Parisian croissants .
Comfortable and clean beds, a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out, but we didn't mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out!
Comfortable clean and a beds , bit when people noisy were in coming late from night a out , but we didn ' t mind too much as were we also just in coming from a night ! out
Comfortable clean beds and , bit a noisy when people were coming late in from a night , out we but ' didn t too much mind as were we also just coming in from a night out !
The location is really stellar!
Location the is really stellar !
Location the is really stellar !
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping.
Is it next Gare to du and Nord a five minute to walk Sacre which Coeur is excellent for . shopping
It is next to Nord Gare and du a five to minute walk Sacre which Coeur is excellent for shopping .
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza, Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market.
Is close it to bus lines for Plaza Opera Galleries , Lafayette , and famous the flea Market .
It is close to bus lines for Opera , Galleries Lafayette Plaza , and the famous flea Market .
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again.
Really enjoyed we our stay and would definitely stay the at Hostel Vintage again .
We our really enjoyed stay and would definitely stay at Hostel the Vintage again .
Just Autos Thank you!
Just Thank Autos you !
Just Autos you Thank !
Was fast and easy, Just had our car returned this morning, I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure.
And was fast easy , Just had our car this returned morning I , recommend would these Mechanics Mobile for sure .
Was fast and easy , had Just our car this morning returned , would I recommend Mobile these Mechanics for . sure
They certainly know what they are doing.
They certainly know they what doing are .
Certainly they know what they doing are .
The mechanic came to our place and sorted out our cars problems, he explained the problem and was very up front and honest, it was towed to the workshop as the gearbox was not working (he explained it better).
Mechanic the came our to place sorted and out our cars problems , he the explained problem was and very up and front honest , it towed was to workshop as the the gearbox was not working ( he it explained better ) .
Mechanic the came to our place and out sorted cars our problems he , the explained problem and was very up front and honest it , towed was to the as workshop the gearbox was not ( working he it explained better ) .
They phoned the same day, confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job, I gave the go ahead.
They the phoned same day , was it confirmed the quoted gearbox the me job , I gave the go ahead .
They the phoned day same , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted the me job , I gave go the ahead .
Now my cars gears and brakes have never run so well... ever its like driving a new car.
Now my gears cars and have brakes run never so well . . . ever its like driving new a car .
My now gears cars and brakes run have never so well . . . ever its like a driving new . car
So yes, I wouldn't hesitate in recommending the team at Just Autos for easy professional car repairs,Thank you Just Autos for your help.
Yes so , wouldn I ' hesitate t in recommending the team at Autos Just for professional easy car repairs , Thank Just you Autos your for . help
Yes so , I wouldn ' t hesitate the in recommending team Just at easy Autos for professional car repairs Thank , you Just Autos for help your .
I stopped in today @ Yards Brewery.
Stopped in I today @ Yards Brewery .
I stopped in today Yards Brewery @ .
I must say, I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge, & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass!
I must say , I was impressed the size with of bar the and lounge area , & I liked that could you the see brewery the right thru glass !
Must I , say I impressed was with the size the of bar area and lounge , & liked I that could you see the brewery right the thru glass !
I had a sampler of IPA, Brawler, Love Stout & ESA.
Had I a IPA sampler of , Brawler Love , Stout & ESA .
Had I sampler a of IPA , , Brawler Love Stout & . ESA
All were awesome, & I had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers.
All awesome were , I & had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which with was the enjoyable fine beers .
All were awesome , & I had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which was with enjoyable the fine beers .
After my sampler & sandwich, I asked for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout, I must say I was impressed, with the great taste & I am a Guiness Lover so coming from me, I think this is better, its less dry & smoother!
After my sampler & sandwich , asked I for a pint there of Nitrogen Love Stout , must I say I was impressed with , the great taste I & am a Guiness Lover so coming from me I , think this better is , its less dry & ! smoother
After my sampler sandwich & , I asked for a pint of there Love Nitrogen Stout , I must say I was impressed , with the taste great & am I a Guiness Lover so coming me from , this I think better is its , less dry & ! smoother
If you are in Philly you have to come check this place out!
You if in are Philly you to have check come this place out !
If you are in you Philly have to come this check place out !
The only negative I have abou this place is the parking!
Only the I negative have this abou place is the parking !
Only the negative I have abou this is place parking the !
I left with a case of BRAWLER!!!!!
I left a with case of BRAWLER ! ! ! ! !
I with left a case of BRAWLER ! ! ! ! !
Oil Change Disaster
Change oil Disaster
Oil Disaster Change
My wife had taken her '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil change.
Wife my had taken her ' 07 Fusion Ford in a for oil routine change .
Wife my had taken her 07 ' Ford Fusion in a routine for oil change .
A couple days after the oil change, the engine ran rough, the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically, and the engine would whir loudly.
Couple a after days the change oil engine , the ran rough the , low oil light pressure would come on sporadically , the and engine would whir . loudly
Couple a days after oil , the change the engine rough ran , the oil low pressure light come would on sporadically , engine and the would whir loudly .
Turns out the engine had no oil, and when oil was put it, it would just run out of the filter.
Turns out had the engine no oil and , was when oil put it it , would just run of out the filter .
Turns out the had engine no oil , when and oil put was it it would , run just of out the filter .
There could have (hopefully doesn't have) major damage to the engine.
Could there have ( doesn hopefully ' t have ) major damage to the engine .
There have could ( doesn hopefully ' t have ) major damage to the engine .
All of this started after their oil change.
Of all this started after their change oil .
All of this after started their change oil .
Once they realized their mistake they sent a mechanic and tow truck to my wife's work and towed it back to fix it.
Once their they realized mistake they sent mechanic a and truck tow to wife my ' s and work towed it back fix to it .
Once they realized mistake their sent they mechanic a and truck tow my to wife ' s work and towed back it fix to it .
I would not recommend this shop for anything, not even something as simple as an oil change.
I would not recommend shop this anything for not even , something as as simple an oil change .
I would not recommend this shop for anything , even not something as simple as oil change an .
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything, and smile while doing it.
Plus they will overcharge you for about everything just , and smile while doing it .
Plus they will overcharge you for about just everything , smile and while doing it .
Liars, negative stars!
Liars , stars negative !
, liars negative stars !
Took my Cruze in twice for poor fuel economy.
Took Cruze my twice in for poor fuel . economy
My took Cruze twice in for fuel poor economy .
The first time they claimed to get reasonable mpg.
The first time they get claimed reasonable to mpg .
The first time claimed they get to mpg reasonable .
However, they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings.
, however they never would the car drive with me in it to prove findings their .
However , would they drive the never car me with it in to prove their findings .
I wonder if they were going down a hill!
I wonder if were they going down a hill !
Wonder I if were they going down hill a !
They told me to bring it back after 5000 miles.
Told they me to bring it back after 5000 miles .
They told me to bring it after back 5000 miles .
I brought it back with 9000 miles.
Brought I it back with 9000 . miles
Brought I it back with miles 9000 .
They "finished" the work and told me the car was ready.
" they " finished the and work told me the was car ready .
" they finished " the and work told me the car was ready .
I found out they did not even drive the car, stated they looked at it before.
I found out they not did even drive car the , stated they looked at it . before
Found out I they did not even car drive the , stated looked they at it before .
They still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number.
Still they would not drive car the me with to show their number mpg .
Still they would not the car drive with me show to their mpg number .
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan (a seperate issue), but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms.
Also claimed they not to see anything wrong the with blower fan a ( seperate issue ) , but when drove I car the home I the same symptoms had .
They claimed also not to see anything wrong with the fan blower ( a seperate issue ) , when but I drove the home I car had same symptoms the .
I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic Canever.
I will never purchace another vehicle Vic from Canever .
I will never purchace another from vehicle Vic Canever .
Great Job
Job great
Job great
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need.
Want to I say that Mike did great a job for our family our in time of . need
I want to that say Mike did a job great for our our family in of time need .
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding.
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months and apart Mike very was understanding .
Both my passed grandparents away 4 apart months was and Mike very understanding .
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and everyone one of us.
It was a very trying time family for my and myself yet took Mike the time to each greet and everyone of one us .
It was a very trying time my for and family yet myself Mike took the time to each greet and one everyone of us .
He is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through.
He very is in professional his a position as and director yet he still made time to compassionate be for what we all were through going .
He professional is very in his a position as and director he yet still made time to be for compassionate what we all were going through .
I'm sure its not everyday that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time.
I ' m its sure not everyday that a director funeral sees the family same in such . a short time
I m ' sure its everyday not funeral that a sees director the family same in such a short time .
My grandfather passed away silently in his sleep, and my grandmother passed away after a short struggle with cancer.
My grandfather passed away in his silently , sleep and my grandmother passed after a away short with struggle cancer .
Grandfather my passed away silently in his sleep , and grandmother my away passed after a short struggle cancer with .
Both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected.
Both looked my as grandparents natural as could be expected .
Both my looked as grandparents natural could as be expected .
Thank you Mike for all your help professionally and personally.
Thank you Mike for all your and help professionally . personally
Thank Mike you for all your help professionally and personally .
The Peterson Family
The Family Peterson
The Family Peterson
Poor service
Service poor
Service poor
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom 'Seinfeld', you will see it here.
If you like the drama described popular in sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , will you it see here .
If you the like drama described in popular sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , will you it see here .
We signed our name in about 6:00pm.
Signed we our in name about : 6 00pm .
We signed name our in about : 00pm 6 .
There were 3 names before us.
3 there were names before us .
There 3 were names before . us
The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting.
The greeter said there was 15 about minutes waiting .
The said there greeter was 15 about minutes waiting .
However, we waited and waited and in the mean time, saw 4 groups of people simply just paraded in without signing there names.
However , waited we waited and and in the mean time , saw 4 groups people of simply paraded in just signing without there names .
, however waited we waited and and in mean time the , saw 4 groups of simply people just paraded in signing without there names .
This sign in policy is posted by the restaurant no reservation, sign your name here.
This in is sign policy by posted the  restaurant no reservation , sign your name here  .
Sign this in policy is by posted the restaurant  reservation no , your sign name  here .
I had to ask the greeter, he explained his reasons with broken English.
Had I to ask the greeter , explained he his with reasons English broken .
I had ask to greeter the , he explained his with reasons English broken .
I could not understand any his reasons.
Could I not understand his any reasons .
Could I understand not any his reasons .
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first.
I could only take it they as would seat people the they . know first
Could I only take it as they seat would they the people know first .
My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you.
Conclusion my is that you should only go if there you want to wait least a hour an and see all kinds being other people before seated . you
My conclusion that is you should only go there if to want you wait a least hour an see and all kinds other being people before seated you .
Instructor never showed up!
Never instructor showed up !
Never instructor showed up !
January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday's 2 PM class "Beginning Yoga with Brittany."
January 15th - We were - signed up for Saturday 2 ' s PM class " Beginning Brittany Yoga with . "
15th january - - We signed were up for s Saturday ' 2 class PM " Yoga Beginning with Brittany . "
We even arrived 10 minutes early as the website suggests.
Even we arrived 10 early minutes as the suggests website .
We even arrived 10 minutes early as website the suggests .
The instructor did not show up!
Instructor the did not up show !
The instructor did show up not !
We waited until 2:25 PM and then left.
Waited until we 2 : 25 PM and then . left
We until waited 2 : PM 25 and left then .
There were 2 in our group, and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class.
There were 2 in group our , a and 3rd person also was in parking lot the waiting for class this .
There were 2 in group our , a and 3rd was person also in the lot parking for waiting this . class
Well, not much I can say except I'm very disappointed with this experience.
Well , not much I say can except ' I very m disappointed with this experience .
Well , much not I can say except I ' very m with disappointed this experience .
This was our first visit to your studio.
Was our this first visit to your studio .
Was our this first visit to your studio .
In today's instant world, there's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late.
Today in ' world s instant , there ' s no the reason for not instructor to even have given us a call phone or - e mail if she going was be to late .
In ' today s instant world , ' there no s reason for the not instructor to have even us given phone a or call e - mail if was she to going be late .
As a yoga studio, I'm sure you're all aware that all actions generate karma 
As a yoga studio , I ' m you sure ' all re that aware actions all generate karma 
Yoga as a studio , ' I sure m you ' re that all aware all actions generate karma 
and sometimes karma can manifest itself on a bad review on Google.
and karma sometimes can manifest itself on a bad review on Google .
and sometimes can karma manifest itself on bad a review Google on .
Finest??
? finest ?
? finest ?
Really??
? really ?
? really ?
I beg to differ.
I beg differ to .
Beg I to differ .
This place is marginal at best.
This place marginal is at . best
This place is marginal at best .
Not very welcoming and focused mostly on keeping little kids entertained.
Very not welcoming mostly and focused on keeping little kids entertained .
Not very welcoming and on focused mostly keeping little entertained kids .
I was not impressed, and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses.
Was I impressed not and , quite at frustrated their lack of rating their for courses .
I was not impressed and quite , at frustrated lack their of for rating their courses .
I understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on an indoor course, because yes, it is not the same, but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve.
I wanting understand not to put labels like 5 . 10 an on indoor course , yes because it , is not the same , but clear some understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you an are intermediate climber looking improve to .
Understand not I wanting to put labels like 5 . 10 on indoor course an , yes , because it is the not same , but some clear understanding of difficulty the one of course to another is nice you when are an intermediate climber looking to improve .
I don't want to waste my time on routes set for children, but I don't want to take on something I can't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion.
I don ' t to want my waste time on set routes for , children but I don t want to take ' on something I can ' t just handle strain to myself to exhaustion .
Don I t ' want to waste my on time set routes for children , but I don ' t want to on take something I can ' handle t just to to strain myself exhaustion .
Rate the routes, with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy, moderate, and hard.
Rate the routes , with understandable and markings more detailed a than system easy moderate , , and . hard
Rate the routes , with understandable markings and a more detailed easy system than , , moderate hard and .
Again, a great outing for the kids, a frustration for an out of town climber.
, again a outing for great the kids , a for frustration out an of town climber .
, again great a for outing the kids , a frustration for an town out of climber .
Best DJ's In Town!
Best DJ s In ' Town !
Best ' DJ s In ! Town
Wow!
! wow
! wow
These guys were the best.
These were guys the best .
Guys these were the best .
They were thorough, high class, and went above and beyond.
Were they thorough , high class , went and above and . beyond
They thorough were , class high , and went above and . beyond
We never had to worry about a thing, and they led the way the whole time.
We never to had worry a about , thing and led they the the way whole time .
We never had to worry about , a thing and they the led way the whole time .
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of, and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding.
They things asked us that we have would never have thought of , and extra took time to meet us when with needed we before it the wedding .
Asked they us things we that would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when needed we the it before . wedding
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time!
A having team best was the they because kept the of flow the wedding going the whole time !
Having a team was the best because they kept the of flow the going wedding the time whole !
They may look young but don't let that fool you, as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected.
May they look young ' but don t that let fool you , their as of knowledge music far surpassed we what expected .
They may young look but ' don t let that you fool , their as knowledge of music far surpassed we what expected .
I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's, and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's.
I am a music that junkie grew up the in 80 s ' and , dad my worked for record label a the in 1960 ' s .
I am music a junkie that grew up 80 in the ' , s and dad my worked for a record in label 1960 ' the s .
So we didn't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night.
So we didn ' t expect to them know some even of the requests that asked we that night .
We so didn ' t them expect to even some know the of requests that we asked that night .
They just really know their stuff!
Just really they know their stuff !
They just really their know ! stuff
NEVER fear going to the dentist again!
fear NEVER going the to dentist again !
fear NEVER to going the dentist again !
I'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life.
I ' m years 61 old and dental have problems my . entire life
I ' m 61 old and years have dental my problems life entire .
By the age of 24 I stopped going to the dentist.
By age the 24 of I stopped going the to dentist .
By the age of 24 I stopped to going the dentist .
My fear and discomfort from dental work scared me!
Fear my and from dental discomfort work scared me !
My and fear from discomfort work dental scared me !
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment.
It took the all I courage muster could to make an appointment .
It took the all courage I muster could to an make appointment .
At the front door of his office, I nearly turned around.
At the front of door office his I , nearly turned around .
The at door front of his office , I nearly around turned .
I considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did.
Considered I just leaving after inside going and nearly . did
I considered just after leaving inside going nearly and did .
Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people I have ever dealt with.
Doctor gonzales and entire his staff are most the professional people have I ever dealt with .
Gonzales doctor and his entire staff the are most professional I people ever dealt have with .
They made me feel confident in what they would do, and treated me like a member of their own family.
They feel made me in confident what they would do , and treated like me a member of their own family .
They me made feel confident in what would they , do and treated me like a their of member own family .
I never felt pain or discomfort.
I felt never pain discomfort or .
Never I pain felt or discomfort .
The ability to smile and eat again can only be described as a whole new lease on life.
Ability the to smile eat and again can only be a described as whole lease new on life .
Ability the smile to eat and again can only be as described a whole new lease life on .
Thank you Doctor Gonzales, Doctor Stout, Eva Marie and the entire staff!
You thank Doctor , Gonzales Doctor Stout , Eva Marie and entire the ! staff
You thank Doctor Doctor Gonzales , Stout , Eva Marie and the staff entire !
Rocky M. Lange Retired Coordinator, Clark County School District
Rocky M Lange . Retired Coordinator , County Clark District School
M rocky . Lange Retired , Coordinator Clark County District School
HORRIBLE SERVICE AND FOOD
HORRIBLE AND SERVICE FOOD
SERVICE HORRIBLE AND FOOD
not only is this place too expensive for what it is, its horrible!
not only this is place expensive too for what is it , its ! horrible
not only this is place too expensive for it what , is horrible its !
In the past, I got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces than there was good steak (and this was the sirloin!), the sides were drenched with butter and the salad was a little on the brown side.
The in past , I a got steak there and more was fat rough and pieces than was there good steak ( this and was the sirloin ! ) , sides the were drenched with butter and the salad was little a the on brown side .
In the past , got a I and steak was there more and fat rough pieces than there was good steak and ( this was the sirloin ! ) , the were with sides drenched and butter the salad was a little on the brown side .
Today we went for a party (during lunch, so the place was empty) with about 25 other people.
Today we went for a party ( during lunch , so place the was empty ) about with 25 other people .
Today for we went a ( party lunch during , so the place empty was ) with 25 about other people .
It took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it!
It took over 1 . 5 for hours our to food come out and that by time 8 my month had old it !
Took over it 1 . hours 5 for our to come food and out by that time my 8 month old it had !
Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad?
Does seriously it that take long a for soup and salad ?
It seriously does take that long a for soup and salad ?
I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others, as I was the last to get my food.
I was waitress a years for and a rule key is to serve customers with children small before others , I as the was last to my get food .
I a was waitress years and for key a is rule to customers serve small with children before others , I was as the last to get my food .
I would NOT recommend having a party here or even going here.
Would I NOT recommend having a party or here going even here .
I recommend would NOT having a party here or going even here .
Texas Roadhouse is WAY better!!
Texas Roadhouse is better ! WAY !
Roadhouse texas is better WAY ! !
Spay and neuter service.
And spay neuter service .
Spay neuter and service .
I have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful.
I have doubt that the no rescue is wonderful .
I have no doubt rescue that the wonderful is .
But I had my cat spayed through their reduced/free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away, and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections.
But I had my spayed cat through their reduced / free spay and neuter and program the vet they sent us to was of first all hour a a and away half and , 4 days later we to had bring them to our normal vet because the at vets place the in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .
But I had my cat spayed through their reduced / free and spay neuter program and vet the they sent us to first was of a all hour half and a away , 4 and days later we had to bring them to our vet normal the because vets at the place in wisconsin a did crappy job and they got infections .
My vet even said it was not my fault it was the vet that did the surgery, So I would not recommend getting that program unless you have an extra hundred dollars or so for antibiotics and a vet visit.
My vet even said it was not my fault it was the vet did that the surgery , So I recommend would not getting unless that program you have extra an hundred or dollars so and for antibiotics vet a visit .
My vet even said it not was fault my it was the vet did the that surgery , So I would not recommend that getting you program unless have an extra hundred or dollars for so antibiotics and a visit vet .
You'd think they would do a good job but they don't care unless they are getting paid full price.
' you d they think do would good a job but they t don ' care unless are they getting paid full price .
You ' d think do they would a job good but don they ' t care unless are they paid getting full . price
Which is so dumb.
Which is dumb so .
Which so is dumb .
Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery.
To not mention the fact that us they our gave back cats not even 30 minutes after they out were from surgery .
To not mention the they fact that gave us our cats back not even 30 after minutes they were out from surgery .
Billing Issues...
Issues billing . . .
Issues billing . . .
I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail.
I a had routine surgery for ingrown an . toenail
I a had routine surgery for an . ingrown toenail
My insurance company, Blue Cross/Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine.
Insurance my , Cross company Blue / Blue Shield paid the fees everything and was fine .
Insurance my company , Cross Blue / Blue Shield paid fees and the everything fine was .
Then I got a bill for $483.00.
I then got a bill for $ 00 483 . .
I then a got for bill $ 483 . 00 .
The doctor's office said that payments had been "reversed".
Doctor the ' s office that said had payments been " " reversed .
The ' s doctor said office that payments had been reversed " " .
Blue cross has no record of aa reversal.
Cross blue no has record of aa reversal .
Cross blue has no of record aa reversal .
The office refused my requests to see what they got from BC/BS.
Office refused the requests my to see they what got from BC / BS .
The office my refused see requests to what they got BC from / BS .
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter.
Eventually turned they over it to collection a agency and now will even not discuss the matter .
They turned eventually it over a to collection agency now and will not even discuss the matter .
I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid, but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $160.00 has come through.
Eventually I to decided pay just the even balance though the doctor already has paid been , but now collection the agency trying is to say another of reversal 160 $ . 00 has come through .
Decided I eventually just to pay balance the even the though doctor has already been paid , but now collection the agency is trying say to another reversal of $ 160 . 00 come has through .
It was an ingrown toenail.
Was it an ingrown toenail .
It an was ingrown toenail .
How much could it possibly cost?
How much could it possibly cost ?
How could much it cost possibly ?
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot.
Not only am I bilked being money for I do owe not , the staff office rude is to . boot
Not only am I for being bilked money do owe I , not the office staff is rude to boot .
I think this office has some serious billing practice issues!
Think I this has office some billing serious practice issues !
I office think this has some serious practice billing issues !
We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else to handle our postcards, posters, etc.
We been have to blessed find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else to postcards handle our , , posters etc .
We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online would and not anyone use else handle to our postcards posters , , . etc
We were looking for a company with decent rates as our company was just getting started.
We were for looking company a with decent rates our as company just was getting . started
We looking were for with a company decent rates our as company was getting just started .
They have the best rates and GREAT customer service.
Have they the best rates and customer service GREAT .
They the have best rates GREAT and service customer .
On one order, we needed it rushed and shipped to a different state.
On one order , we needed it and rushed shipped to a different . state
On order one , needed we it and rushed shipped to a state different .
They did that with no problem.
They did with that problem no .
They with did that no problem .
I also appreciate their honesty.
I appreciate also their honesty .
I also their appreciate honesty .
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was.
I a sent graphic that would been distorted have if as printed it was .
I sent a graphic would that been have distorted if as printed was it .
They called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect.
Called they and with worked me to fix it so that it would look perfect .
They and called me worked with to fix it so that it would look . perfect
They recently surprised me a larger order.
They recently a surprised me larger order .
They recently a surprised me larger order .
I ordered 1000 postcards, we normally order 5000 or more.
I ordered 1000 , postcards we normally order 5000 or more .
I 1000 ordered postcards we , normally order 5000 or . more
Because they had room to do 5000, they created the larger amount, and shipped them early.
Because they had room to do 5000 , they created larger the , amount shipped and them early .
Because room had they to do 5000 , created they larger the amount , and shipped them early .
I recommend this company to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable rate!
I recommend this company ANYONE to everyone and that needs work great done at rate a reasonable !
I recommend this company to and ANYONE everyone that great needs work a done at rate reasonable !
They have a customer for life in us!
They have customer a for life us in !
Have they a customer for in life us !
sheisters
sheisters
sheisters
i made the mistake of buying from these thieves.
i the made of mistake from buying these thieves .
made I the of mistake buying from these . thieves
I paid 2k cash for a truck with a blown motor.
Paid I 2k for cash a truck with blown a motor .
I 2k paid cash for truck with a a blown motor .
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and "There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck".
Their so called mechanic said the and was engine good " There is mechanicly nothing wrong with truck this " .
Their so mechanic called said the engine was good and " There mechanicly nothing is wrong with this truck " .
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right?
Well I a blown think engine falls the under catagory mechanics of right ?
I well think engine a blown under falls the catagory of mechanics right ?
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home.
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could it drive home .
Anyway they rigged it jimmy so i could drive it . home
The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing,engine is junk.
Next the day it i took to 2 shops auto and they both told me the thing same , is engine junk .
The next day i took it 2 to auto and shops they both the told me same thing engine , is . junk
I called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back.
Called I and got the same runaround and on hold noone calls you . back
I and got called the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .
From a moral standpoint,you guys are really gonna take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know its just a piece of scrap metal?
From a standpoint moral , you guys are gonna really take 2 , 000 bucks someone from needs that that truck to and work support his when family you know its a just piece scrap of metal ?
From a moral standpoint , you are guys really take gonna , 2 000 bucks from someone that that needs truck to and work support his family you when know its a just piece of metal scrap ?
If it lasted 1 month i could suck it up but 1 day?
If it lasted 1 i month could suck it up but 1 ? day
If it 1 lasted i month suck could up it but 1 day ?
Grimy work you guys do.
Work grimy you guys do .
Work grimy you guys do .
Buy your kids somethin nice with my 2k bucks.
Your buy kids somethin nice my with bucks 2k .
Your buy kids somethin with nice my bucks 2k .
Best Stationery store in Bethesda
Best Stationery store Bethesda in
Best store Stationery in Bethesda
Papeluna, a cute Mom/Pop custom printing and paper store, just opened a few days ago.
Papeluna , cute a Mom Pop / printing custom and paper store , just a opened few days ago .
Papeluna , a cute Mom / custom Pop printing store and paper , just opened days a ago few .
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell's.
Is it right the on hustle and Wisconsin bustle of Ave some but might miss it as is it nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell ' s .
Is it on right the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but might some it miss it as is nestled between in Subway and Sandwiches Modell ' . s
I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks.
I popped in afternoon after my pumpkin spice latte break Starbucks at .
Popped in I my after afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks .
It's an adorable little store filled with lots of stationery goodness.
It ' s an little adorable store filled with lots stationery of goodness .
It ' s an little adorable filled store with of lots goodness stationery .
Cards, wrapping paper, paper, and an area to sit down and talk with someone to design your own invitations or for whatever else your custom printing needs may be.
, cards wrapping paper , , paper and area an to sit down and talk with to someone design own your or invitations whatever for else custom your printing may needs be .
Wrapping cards , paper , paper and , an area sit to down and with talk to someone design your own or invitations for else whatever your printing custom needs may be .
I gave the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna.
I gave woman the I spoke today with a " You ve ' been yelped ! " card to know let her that may Yelp be good a for tool helping spreading the about Papeluna word .
I gave the woman I spoke with today " a You ' ve yelped been ! " to card her let know that Yelp may a be good for tool helping the spreading word Papeluna about .
I ended up buying a birthday card and would probably come back for more.
I ended up a buying birthday card would and come back probably for more .
I ended up a birthday buying and card probably would come back for more .
printing, printing, copies, printing, copies, printing,
, printing printing , , copies printing , copies , , printing
, printing printing , copies , printing , copies printing , ,
Watch out for your wallet
Watch out your for wallet
Watch for out your wallet
Watch out for your wallet!
Watch for out your wallet !
Out watch for your wallet !
This company is overpriced for their services.
Company this is overpriced for services their .
This company for is overpriced their services .
They pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good premise.
Pride they themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you believe better they are going to mark you up that on feel good premise .
Pride they themselves on being event an and building team company for corporate clients but you better they believe are going to you mark on up feel that premise . good
On a recent event quote that I had done, they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition.
On a recent event quote had that done I , they thousands in came of dollars over their local competition .
On event a recent that quote I had done , they came in thousands of over dollars their local competition .
The craziest part is that they aren't even based locally at the city I'm in- they just have 'teams' in areas through the country.
The craziest is part that aren they ' even t based at city locally the ' I m in - just they ' have teams ' in areas through the country .
The craziest part they is that aren ' t even based locally at the city I ' m in - they just ' have ' teams through in areas the . country
I've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them.
I ' ve spoken to vendors are who used them by who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to events quote them against even though they openly that admitted they felt Outback Canadian was their pricing entertainment out of market the and doing to more hurt business their than help them .
I ' spoken ve to who vendors are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid quote to events against even them they though openly admitted that they felt Canadian pricing Outback was their entertainment out of the market doing and more to hurt their business than help them .
Be warned- they'll ltake you for everything they can.
Be warned - they ' ll you ltake everything for they . can
Be warned - they ll ' ltake for you they everything can .
Believe me.
Believe . me
Believe . me
This is THE premier university in Virginia.
This is premier THE university in . Virginia
This THE is university premier in Virginia .
It is also the largest.
It also is the largest .
Is it also the largest .
With a Pizza Hut, IHOP, 3 Starbucks, Chilis, Panera, and Chipotle on campus ALONE, VCU has some of the best eating options for students.
With Pizza a , Hut IHOP , 3 Starbucks , , Chilis Panera , and Chipotle on , campus ALONE VCU has some the of eating best for options . students
A with Hut Pizza , , 3 IHOP Starbucks Chilis , , Panera , Chipotle and on ALONE campus , VCU some has of the best eating options students for .
VCU has the #1 art school in America, and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling.
VCU has # the art 1 school America in and , EXCELS in and healthcare medical schooling .
VCU the has # art 1 school in , America and EXCELS in healthcare medical and . schooling
The Rams, the VCU sports team, also made the NCAA Final 4 this year, too!
The Rams , the VCU team sports , made the also NCAA Final this 4 , year too !
The , Rams the VCU team sports , made also the NCAA Final 4 , this year too !
VCU also offers high-rise living for students and professors, and the historic yet fixed-up houses in the Fan are also available to students, professors, or even people wanting to live in a safe, viable community.
VCU also high offers rise - living for and students professors and , the historic yet - fixed up houses in the Fan also are available to students , professors , or even people wanting to live in a safe , viable community .
also VCU offers high - rise for living and students and professors , the historic yet fixed - up houses in the are Fan also available to students , professors , or people even to wanting live a in safe , viable . community
VCU is also minutes from Downtown Richmond, Canal Walk, Carytown, Stony Point, Short Pump, and the VCU Medical Center.
is VCU also from minutes Downtown Richmond , Canal Walk , Carytown , Stony Point , Pump Short and , the VCU Medical . Center
VCU also is from minutes Downtown Richmond , Canal Walk , Carytown , Point Stony , Pump Short , and the VCU Medical . Center
It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave reviews every year.
The it is university best in and Virginia continuously receives rave reviews every year .
It is the best university in Virginia receives and continuously reviews rave every . year
The U of R is also recommended, too!
U the of is R also recommended , ! too
U the of R is recommended also too , !
Orr's a nightmare!
Orr s ' a nightmare !
' orr s a nightmare !
DON'T GO!
DON T ' GO !
DON ' GO T !
My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs.
My boyfriend I and were woken up in the middle night of the at campsite our by drunken kids who ' d arrived 1 around : 00 were am and drinking the at springs .
Boyfriend my and were I woken in up middle the of the night at by campsite our drunken who kids ' d arrived around 1 : 00 am and were drinking at the springs .
When we complained to the management (as we were instructed to do if there were any problems), nothing happened!
When we complained to the management ( as we instructed were do to if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !
When we complained management to the ( as we were instructed to do were if there problems any ) nothing , happened !
Then, the next morning, when we, among many other irate guests, asked to speak to the owner, he refused to do so.
Then , the next morning , we when , among many other irate guests asked , to speak the to owner , he to refused do so .
Then , next the morning , when we , other among many irate guests , asked speak to to owner the , he refused to so do .
Not only that, but he told us, via his manager, that it was our responsibility to get up a second time in the middle of the night and call the night staff if the problem continued, even though his manager did nothing the first time to stop the kids.
Not only that but , he told us , via manager his , that it was responsibility our to up get a second time in the middle of and the night call the night staff if the problem continued , though even his manager did nothing first the to time the stop kids .
Not only that , he but us told , via his manager , was that it our responsibility to get up a time second in the middle of the night and call the night staff if problem the continued , even though his manager nothing did the first time to stop kids the .
Orr is not relaxing, it's not a safe space, and the owner is awful.
Orr not is relaxing , s it ' not a space safe , and the owner is . awful
Orr is not relaxing , it ' s not a safe space , and owner the is awful .
To add insult to injury, he refused to refund our money.
Add insult to to injury , refused he to refund our money .
To add to insult , injury he refused to refund money our .
Don't go!
' don t go !
Don ' t ! go
FHS is a good high school -- c/o 1998
a FHS is good school high - - c / o 1998
is FHS a good school high - c - / o 1998
I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School.
I enjoyed my at time High Franklin School .
I my enjoyed time at High Franklin School .
We had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs, with multiple hoods and access to good equipment; nice gymnasiums, and a well-funded music department (I was in the guitar ensemble).
We relatively had good facilities at time the - decent - science labs , with hoods multiple and access good to ; equipment gymnasiums nice and , well a - funded music department ( I was in guitar the ensemble ) .
We had good relatively at facilities the time - - decent labs , with science multiple hoods and to access good equipment ; nice gymnasiums , a and well - funded music department ( I was in the ensemble guitar ) .
Now, of course, there's a new building, with presumably better facilities.
Now , of course , ' there s a new building with , presumably facilities better .
Now , of , course there ' s new a building better , with presumably facilities .
All to the good.
All to the . good
All to good the .
For those who care, a good proportion of the my class went on to 4-year colleges, many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News.
Those for who care , a good proportion the of my class went on to 4 - colleges year , many of them ranked in top 50 the US News of .
Who for those care , a good of proportion the went my class on to 4 year - colleges , many of them ranked in the top 50 US of News .
If I remember, students went to Dartmouth, U.Penn, Duke, BU, William and Mary, Vassar, Howard, and Carnegie Mellon, among others.
If I remember students , went Dartmouth to , U . Penn , Duke , , BU and William Mary , Howard Vassar , and , Mellon Carnegie , others among .
If I , remember went students to Dartmouth , Penn U . , Duke BU , William , and , Mary Vassar Howard , , and Carnegie Mellon among , others .
Many students went to Rutgers, including their top-ranked pharmacy program.
Many students went to Rutgers , including their top - ranked pharmacy program .
Students many to went Rutgers including , their - top ranked pharmacy program .
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college, but you need to work hard.
The point is - - FHS gives you opportunity the to it to make a good college you , but need to work hard .
The point is - - FHS gives you the opportunity to it make a good to college , you but need to work . hard
Absolutely the best little motel on the coast!
Absolutely the little best motel on coast the !
Absolutely the little best motel on coast the !
I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and I have to say it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at!
I ' ve stayed at this fabulous little motel running two years , and to I have say it ' s one the of best lodging experiences I ' ve ever had on the . coast . . and I ' even m comparing it the to big resorts I ' ve stayed at !
I ' stayed ve at this fabulous little motel two running years , and I have say to it ' one s of the best lodging experiences I ' ve ever on had coast the . . and . I ' even m it comparing to the resorts big I ' ve stayed at !
A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend, and the experience and stay have always been five-star.
A large of group friends my and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and experience the stay and have always been five star - .
Of a large my group friends I and rent almost the whole every motel year for a weekend , and experience the and always stay have been five - star .
The rooms are SO clean, the managers/owners are the nicest people, the place feels so homey, and the location and grounds are beautiful.
The rooms SO clean are , the managers / owners are nicest the people , the place feels so , homey location and and the grounds are . beautiful
The are rooms SO the clean , managers / owners are the nicest , people the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .
There's a restaurant nearby (walking distance) with a great breakfast, and a market across the street.
' there a s nearby restaurant ( walking distance with ) great a breakfast , and market a across the street .
' there s a nearby restaurant ( walking distance ) a with breakfast great , a and market across the . street
The motel is very well maintained, and the managers are so accomodating, it's kind of like visiting family each year! ;-)
The motel very is maintained well , and managers the are so , accomodating ' it s kind visiting of like each family year ! ; - )
Motel the is very well , maintained and managers the so are accomodating , it ' s kind like of family each visiting ! year ; - )
I honestly can't rave enough about this place...it's really a hidden gem worth checking out!
Honestly I can t ' rave enough about this place . . it . really ' s a hidden gem checking out worth !
I honestly can ' t rave enough this about . place . . it ' s really a hidden gem worth out checking !
My favorite cuban cafe in Orlando
My cuban favorite cafe in Orlando
My favorite cuban in cafe Orlando
I have been eating Cuban for a long time, sandwiches mainly along with other dishes..
I have been eating for Cuban long a time , mainly sandwiches along dishes with other . .
I have eating been Cuban for a long , sandwiches time along mainly with other . dishes .
I love Cuban coffee, colada... mmmm anyways I found this place and can't stop going there, I stop in at least once a week and anytime I'm in the area for a Cuban coffee or snack.
I love Cuban coffee , colada . . . mmmm anyways I found and this place can ' t stop going there , I stop in at least once week a and anytime I ' the m area in a for coffee Cuban snack . or
I love Cuban coffee , colada . . . mmmm anyways I found this and place can ' stop t going there , I stop at least in once a week and anytime I ' m in area the a for Cuban or coffee . snack
The place is chill and comfortable.
Place the is chill comfortable and .
The place is chill and comfortable .
They don't speak the best English but enough to get by.
They ' don speak t the best English but enough get by to .
They ' don t speak the best English but to enough get by .
They bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh.
They bake bread daily fresh , they don ' press t sandwiches which their is way the like I it , and the is meat fresh always .
They bread fresh bake daily , they don ' press t sandwiches their which the is way I like it , the and meat is always fresh .
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat, chicken, steak, or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains.
Have they a great lunch special with your choice of meat , chicken , , or steak and pork rice black and fried beans and . plantains
Have they great a lunch special your choice with of meat , chicken , steak , or and pork rice and black fried beans plantains and .
And their breakfast is awesome!!
Their and breakfast is ! awesome !
Their and is breakfast awesome ! !
I cannot describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for.
Cannot I describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and omelets the are die to for .
I describe cannot how the delicious mango cheese and pastries and the omelets are die for to .
Stop in and have a bite you won't regret it.
Stop in and have a bite you won ' t regret . it
Stop in have and a bite you won ' it t regret .
A slice of heaven in winter park off forsyth!
A of slice heaven winter in off park forsyth !
A slice in of heaven winter off park forsyth !
highly recommended.
recommended highly .
recommended highly .
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone.
Have been I going to Warner for Family a number years of and recommend would highly it to anyone .
I have been going Family to Warner for a of number years and would highly recommend it anyone to .
I've read some of the reviews below and would like to state that yes, like any other doctors office there is sometimes a wait (depending on what other patients are being seen for) and some of the tests and procedures that are ran can be costly (just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance)...
I ' ve read some of the reviews below and would like to that state yes , like any other doctors office there is sometimes a wait ( depending on what other patients are being seen for ) some and the of and tests procedures that are ran can be costly just ( like would they be any for other medical elsewhere tests if you do not have insurance ) . . .
' I ve read some of the reviews below would and like to state that yes , like doctors any other office there is sometimes a wait ( on depending what other patients are being seen for ) and some of the tests and procedures that ran are can be ( costly just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere you if do not have insurance ) . . .
I have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration.
I have seen several the of providers from the office and have once not been shown anything care but consideration and .
I seen have several the of providers from office the have and once not been shown but anything care and consideration .
I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you.
I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend probably are in the best us interests of ( the patient ) have and you to the ability decline anything that they suggest you to .
I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments recommend are they probably in the best interests us of ( the patient ) and you the have to ability decline anything that suggest they to you .
I personally have had wonderful service and if youre truely looking for a FAMILY practice...Warner Family is the place for you.
I personally had have wonderful service youre and if truely looking for FAMILY a practice . . . Warner Family the is place for you .
Have I personally had wonderful service and if youre truely looking a FAMILY practice for . . . Warner the Family is place for you .
Not what i expected!
Not what expected i !
Not i what expected !
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes.. but to our dismay it didnt turn out that way!
Read the we reviews good going before and had high hopes . . to but our it dismay didnt out turn that way !
Read we the good reviews before going had and high hopes . but . our to dismay didnt turn it out way that !
~It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table, once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table.
~ It took over mins 40 to be taken to our table once , there it took another 20 mins get to our orders and a further 45 mins till our landed starters on our table .
~ It took 40 mins over to to be table taken our , there once it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further mins 45 till our starters landed on our table .
Very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service... hmm There was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied, once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyones attention.
Very frustrating for restaurant a that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service . . . hmm was There no canape ' s or amuse to keep us occupied , once we the complained about wait they us took something to nibble on that but us took getting out our chairs wondering and round to do that it and impossible was to get anyones attention .
Very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette is and supposedly renowned for the service . . . hmm There was no canape ' s or amuse to us keep occupied , once complained we about the they wait took something us to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and to wondering round do that and was it impossible to get anyones attention .
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely.
Scallops were and overcooked the gras foie was cold but the rest the of food was lovely .
Scallops were overcooked and the gras foie cold was but the of the rest food lovely was .
On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it....
On of top though that they tried charge to us charge service to just it rub it . . . .
On top that of they though tried to us charge charge service rub just to it it . . . .
Wouldn't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper.
' wouldn t back as go there are a lot of places A better LOT cheaper and .
' wouldn t go back as are there a of lot places A LOT better . and cheaper
Nice selection, very clean, friendly staff!
Nice selection , very clean , friendly staff !
Nice selection , clean very , staff friendly !
Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family.
Hot Iron become has a favorite our family of .
Hot has become Iron a favorite our of family .
Everyone can get the signature dish with ingredients and spices that they want and have the fun of watching it cook.
Everyone get can the dish signature ingredients with and spices that they want and have the fun of watching cook it .
Can everyone the get signature dish and with ingredients spices that they want and have the of fun watching it . cook
The staff are very friendly and conscientious.
Staff the are friendly very and conscientious .
The staff are and very friendly conscientious .
They always ask if you have meat in your dish, (for vegetarians like me), they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook.
Always they if ask you have in meat your , dish ( for vegetarians me like ) , they scrub of an area the grill use and separate utensils cook to .
They always if ask you have meat your in , dish ( vegetarians for me like ) , they scrub an area of the grill and separate utensils use to cook .
They don't just dump your ingredients on and cook either, but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush.
They don ' t just dump your ingredients on and cook either , carefully but meat separate to the hotter of the parts and grill manage still to keep veggies the from turning to . mush
They don ' just t ingredients dump your and on cook either , separate but carefully meat to hotter the parts of grill the and manage still to keep the veggies from to turning mush .
The selection of meats, veggies and sauces is awesome too!
Selection the of , meats veggies sauces and is awesome too !
Selection the of meats , veggies and sauces awesome is ! too
Every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting.
Time every go we they seem to have a or different ingredient two which keeps things . interesting
We every time go they seem to have different a ingredient two or which things keeps interesting .
Meats are kept VERY cold, seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is VERY clean.
Meats kept are VERY cold , fresh seafood smells and the bar serving is clean VERY .
Meats are kept cold VERY , seafood smells fresh and the serving is VERY bar clean .
Prices are reasonable, (Kids meals are around 4.99) and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices, I believe.
Prices are reasonable , ( Kids meals are around 4 . ) 99 Wednesday and ' s have they dinner discount prices , I . believe
Prices reasonable are , ( Kids meals are around 4 . ) 99 Wednesday and ' s they have dinner discount prices , believe I .
Great Cookies, Cakes, and Customer Service
Great Cookies Cakes , , and Service Customer
Great Cookies Cakes , , Customer and Service
It was my birthday and I had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience store, but the problem was it was the day before Valentines and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake, Fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake.
It was my birthday and I had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake of instead pre one - made in convenience a store , but the problem was it the was day before Valentines and many when bakeries turned me down for plain a vanilla rectangle , cake stepped Fiona up the to and plate was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake .
It was my birthday and I had last a minute idea to have bakery a cake instead of one - pre made in convenience a store , but the was problem it was the day Valentines before and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake , Fiona stepped the up to plate and was able to a make beautiful fantastic cake .
Not only did it taste wonderful, but the texture was unbelievable, the frosting wasn't overly sweet to over power the cake, and the cake itself was just amazingly soft, and fluffy, and just perfect overall.
Only not did it taste wonderful , but texture the was unbelievable , the wasn ' frosting t overly sweet to power over the cake , and the cake itself just was soft amazingly , and fluffy , and just overall perfect .
Not only did it taste wonderful , but was the texture unbelievable , the wasn ' frosting t overly to sweet over power cake the , and cake the itself was just amazingly soft , and fluffy , just and perfect overall .
Although I'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there, I'll gladly do it knowing that since she's been astounding to me once before that she'll always be that way!
Although I ' ll have to drive a out little my of to way go there , I ' gladly it ll do knowing that since she s ' been to astounding me once before that ' she ll always that be way !
Although I ' ll have to a drive little out my of to way go there , I ' ll gladly it do knowing that since she s ' been astounding to me once before that she ' ll always that be way !
(Also she has a really great website!
( Also has she a really great ! website
( Also she has a great really ! website
And we bought a few cookies there too, they were fantastic as well!)
And we bought few a there cookies too , they as were fantastic well ! )
And we bought a cookies few there too , were fantastic they well as ! )
She deserves many 5 star reviews!!
Deserves she many star 5 reviews ! !
Deserves she many star 5 reviews ! !
Food Craving Gone and Weight Loss at Acupuncture Doctor
Food Craving Gone Weight and Loss at Doctor Acupuncture
Craving food Gone and Loss Weight at Acupuncture Doctor
I am a college student.
Am I a college student .
Am I a college student .
Before treatment, my food cravings were "out of control" which caused me to be stressed out.
Treatment before , my cravings food " were out of " control which caused me be to stressed . out
Before treatment , my food were out cravings " of " control which caused to me stressed be out .
I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving (about 50%) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment.
Experienced I a Decrease Definite in food craving ( about 50 % ) decrease and in stress 1st the after treatment .
I experienced a Definite in Decrease food craving about ( 50 % ) and decrease in after stress the 1st . treatment
I actually loss 4 pounds after my 1st treatment and 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment.
Actually I loss pounds 4 after 1st my treatment 2 and pounds after 2nd my treatment .
I actually loss 4 after pounds my treatment 1st and 2 pounds my after 2nd treatment .
I was amazed.
Was I amazed .
I was . amazed
I am now more at peace and my food craving is about 99% gone after only 3 treatments.
I am more now at and peace my craving food is 99 about % gone after only 3 treatments .
Now am I at more peace and my food craving is 99 about gone % after only 3 treatments .
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend's aunt recommended it.
Coming before to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was big a about needles baby and only because came my boyfriend ' s aunt recommended it .
Coming before to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and came only my because ' boyfriend s recommended aunt it .
It hurt very little, felt more like pressure than pain.
It hurt very little , felt more pressure like than pain .
It hurt very little , more felt pressure like pain than .
What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring.
What most I about like Dr . Liau is that is she very caring .
What I like most about Dr Liau . is that very is she caring .
She talks to you at each appointment.
She talks you to at each . appointment
Talks she to at you each appointment .
I can tell she really cares and wants to help.
Can I she tell cares really and wants to help .
I can tell she cares really and wants to help .
I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau.
Am I SO to GLAD found have Dr . Liau .
Am SO I GLAD have to found Dr . Liau .
Now I feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer.
Now I feel more confident wearing my suit bathing the in . summer
I now feel more confident wearing bathing my suit in summer the .
An Asset to Richmond
Asset an to Richmond
An Asset Richmond to
For a long time, one big source of entertainment missing from the Richmond City Limits was a first-run multiplex.
For long a time one , big of entertainment source from missing the Richmond Limits City was a first - run multiplex .
For a long time , one big source of missing entertainment from the Richmond City Limits a was first - . run multiplex
Bowtie has filled that role nicely.
Bowtie that has filled role nicely .
Bowtie has that filled nicely role .
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse, which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium.
Is the theatre in old an warehouse brick , which is a block away from Squirrels the Flying stadium .
The theatre in is an brick old warehouse which is , block a away from the Flying stadium Squirrels .
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there.
Owners the of Bowtie manged to add something new what while was preserving already there .
The owners Bowtie of manged to new add something while preserving what was there already .
The theatre has greatly improved the surrounding neighborhood.
The has theatre greatly improved surrounding the neighborhood .
Theatre the has greatly improved surrounding the neighborhood .
There's plenty of parking, and I've never had an issue with audience members who won't stop talking or answering their cellphones.
There ' plenty s of , parking I and ' ve never an had with issue audience members who ' won t stop talking or their answering . cellphones
' there s of plenty parking , and I ' ve never an had issue with who audience won members ' stop t or talking answering their cellphones .
Best of all, there are no ads!!!!!
Of best , all there no are ads ! ! ! ! !
Best of all , there are no ! ads ! ! ! !
Just previews and the main feature.
Just and previews the feature main .
Previews just and the feature main .
Expect to pay full price, and the theatres themselves are on the small side.
Expect to pay , full price the and theatres themselves on are the small side .
Expect pay to price full and , the themselves theatres are on the small side .
But if you like going to the movies, you should love Bowtie.
But if like you going to the , movies should love you Bowtie .
But you if like going to movies the , should you Bowtie love .
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays, you can get a beer in the lobby, and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card.
Mangers the also a play classic movies on , Sundays you get can a beer in the lobby , customers and repeat can discounts get if they a have card member .
Also the mangers play a classic movies , on Sundays can you a get beer in lobby the , and repeat customers get discounts can if they have a member card .
A great cinema in a great location.
A cinema great in great a location .
A cinema great in a great . location
Thank you, Bowtie!
You thank , Bowtie !
You thank , Bowtie !
Craft Wonderland with History
Wonderland craft with History
Craft with Wonderland History
My first visit was so fun yesterday.
First my visit was so fun . yesterday
My first was visit fun so yesterday .
I could have stayed all day and not seen all the things.
I have could stayed all day not and seen all the . things
Could I have stayed all day and not seen all the things .
I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too.
I am doing jewelry origami and found the exactly things right for earrings and many got other ideas there too .
I am doing origami jewelry found and the exactly for right things earrings and many got other there ideas too .
I bought a beginners quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts.
Bought I beginners a quilling set and like making filigree the forms you can make add to and crafts other .
Bought I a beginners set quilling and making like the filigree you forms can make add and to crafts other .
The owner, Jean, has been there 31 years!
The owner , Jean , been has there 31 years !
Owner the , has Jean , been there 31 years !
What a history.
A what history .
A what history .
She is a super sweet, lovable and well-informed woman with a great sense of humor.
She is a super lovable sweet , well and - informed a woman with great sense of humor .
She a is super , sweet lovable and well - informed woman a with sense great humor of .
I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl.
I really enjoyed meeting her happy and to learn she from comes Oklahoma and has values the a of solid no bs girl country .
I enjoyed really her meeting and happy to learn comes she from Oklahoma and has the a values of bs solid no country girl .
This store is a real gem and has much to offer the serious crafter or the occasional crafter.
This is a store real and gem has much to offer the serious or crafter the crafter occasional .
Store this a is gem real and has much to the offer crafter serious or the occasional crafter .
By the way, Salmagundi (the store name) means something like smorgasbord; potpourri; motley; variety; mixed bag; miscellaneous assortment; mixture, a variety of many kinds of things.
By Salmagundi the way , ( the ) store name means something like smorgasbord potpourri ; ; ; motley variety mixed ; bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many of things kinds .
By the way , Salmagundi ( the store name ) means smorgasbord something like ; ; potpourri ; motley variety ; bag mixed ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture a , many variety of of kinds . things
Great name for a great store!
Great name for great a ! store
Great name a for store great !
Shop Local!
Local shop !
Shop ! Local
Barbara Quimba 1/30/10
Barbara 1 Quimba / / 30 10
Quimba barbara / 1 30 / 10
the 2010 Genesis is grrrrrrrreeeaaat!
2010 the Genesis is grrrrrrrreeeaaat !
the 2010 Genesis is ! grrrrrrrreeeaaat
I am a proud owner of a brand new 2010 Hyundai Genesis.
I a am owner proud of a brand new 2010 Hyundai . Genesis
I a am owner proud of brand a new 2010 Hyundai Genesis .
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her.
I have never seen car this this before until at lady mart had wal it and she told me she it here got and that everyone was nice so to her .
Have I never seen car this before until this at wal lady mart had it and she told she me got it here and everyone that was so to nice her .
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager.
I asked her she who worked with and she just told ti me sales the was manager .
I asked her she worked who with and she just told me ti the was sales manager .
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog, I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention.
Took I the weekend and off in came asked and the for manager who is Jeff and he remembered her away right even remembered her dog , I a was bit shocked someone that pay would close that attention .
Took I the off weekend came and in asked for and the manager who Jeff is and he remembered her right even away her remembered dog , I a was bit shocked that someone pay would that close attention .
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying, " was I gotta have it!"
We got to talking and got he set me up and test I drove Craig and with I head fell over heels for this car all I kept , saying " I was gotta have it ! "
We got to talking and he got set me up I test and drove with Craig and fell I head over for heels this car all I saying kept , " was have I gotta it ! "
I thouhgt it would be out of my price range but they really worked with me and now I couldnt be happier.
I it thouhgt out would be my of price range but they worked really with me and now I couldnt be . happier
Thouhgt I it would be out of my price range but they worked really with me and I couldnt now be happier .
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer.
Jeff and Craig are really good what at they know do and exactly how to treat a customer .
And jeff are Craig really good at what they and do know how exactly to treat customer a .
Definitely go see them!
Go definitely see them !
Definitely see go them !
Bait and switch, untrained workers
And bait switch , untrained workers
Bait and , switch untrained workers
Called the Bonanza store 2 weeks ago, before I ripped out 350sqft of ceramic tile... was told I would need a "dual head concrete grinder" to remove thinset and make a nice "finished" look (ready for concrete stain).
The called Bonanza store 2 weeks ago , before I out 350sqft ripped ceramic of . tile . . was told I would need a " head dual " concrete grinder to remove thinset and make a nice " finished " look ( ready for concrete stain ) .
Called the store Bonanza 2 ago weeks , ripped before I out 350sqft ceramic of tile . . was . told I would need " a dual head concrete grinder " to remove thinset make and a nice " finished " look ( ready concrete stain for ) .
Was quoted $55 all inclusive of grinder inserts, etc.
Quoted was 55 $ all of inclusive grinder inserts , etc .
Quoted was $ 55 inclusive all of grinder inserts etc , .
No problem, sounded like it's done every day.
Problem , no sounded like it ' done s every day .
Problem no , sounded like ' it s every done day .
Will look beautiful.
Will beautiful look .
Look will beautiful .
Got the tile ripped out, call today, now all the sudden this grinder won't leave a finished look AND it's $125 PLUS around $75 for the inserts.
Got the tile out ripped , call today now all , this the sudden grinder won ' t leave a look finished it AND ' s $ 125 PLUS 75 around $ for inserts the .
Got the tile ripped , call out today , all now the sudden grinder this won ' leave t finished a look AND it ' s $ 125 PLUS around $ for 75 inserts the .
I can rent another machine for like $60 that will give it a finished look.
Rent I can another machine for like $ 60 that will give it finished a look .
I can another rent machine like for $ that 60 will it a give finished look .
So from $55 to $260?
From so $ 55 to $ ? 260
So $ from to 55 $ 260 ?
Are they serious?
Are serious they ?
Are they ? serious
I feel like they didn't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price?
Feel I like didn they ' t tell me pitfalls the before pulled I out this tile and now that I no have other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?
I feel like they didn ' t tell the me before pitfalls out I pulled and this tile now I that have no other they options 5 want TIMES the price ?
Either these people don't know anything about what they are renting, or worse- they are bait and switching.
Either these people don ' t know anything about are what renting they , worse they or - are bait and switching .
Either people these don ' t know anything about what they are renting or , worse - they are bait and switching .
One suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry.
One suspects earlier that reviewer for works another . laundry
One that earlier suspects works reviewer for another laundry .
Outside of parking being at a premium, especially on discount days, The Laundry Tub is not filthy and it's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I've been in.
Outside parking being of at premium a , on especially discount days , The Laundry is Tub not filthy it and ' no s smaller than of any dozen a laundromats ' I ve been in .
Of parking outside at a being , premium especially on discount days , Laundry The Tub is not filthy and it ' s no smaller than of dozen any a laundromats ' I ve been in .
Yes, there are bigger, but bigger isn't necessarily better.
, yes there bigger are , bigger isn but ' t necessarily better .
Yes there , are , but bigger isn bigger ' t necessarily better .
I availed myself of the wash 'n fold service, taking just about a year's worth of dirty clothes in and getting back neatly folded, clean clothes in clear plastic bags (I'd originally brought them in, in six large yellow garbage bags).
I availed myself of the wash ' fold n service , taking about just a year ' s worth of clothes dirty and back in getting neatly folded , clean clothes in clear plastic bags ( I ' d originally brought them in , in six large yellow garbage bags ) .
I availed of myself the ' wash n fold service , taking just a about year ' s worth of clothes dirty in getting and back neatly folded clean , clothes in clear bags plastic ( I ' d originally them brought in , in six large yellow ) garbage bags .
The cost was certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future.
The was cost certainly and reasonable I will continue patronage my of The Laundry Tub in the future .
Cost the was reasonable certainly and I will continue patronage my of The Laundry in Tub future the .
Didn't hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit.
Didn ' hurt t any knew that they my name by second my visit me and greeted warmly then and my on third visit .
Didn ' t any hurt that they knew my name by second visit my and greeted me then warmly and on third my visit .
Whereas my answer to the question "Where do you get your laundry done?" used to be, "At the checkout line at WalMart," I can honestly say the answer now is, "At The Laundry Tub."
My to answer whereas the " question do Where get you your laundry done ? " used to be , " At the checkout line at WalMart , I " can say honestly the answer now is , At " The Laundry Tub . "
My answer whereas to the question " Where do you get your laundry ? done " to used be , " At the line checkout WalMart at , " I can honestly say the answer , now is " At Laundry The . Tub "
Thank you!
You thank !
Thank ! you
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated.
I took recently a puppy rescue to this Clinic I and was SHOCKED how at Romeo and well My family was treated .
I recently took a rescue this puppy to and Clinic was SHOCKED I at well how Romeo and My family was treated .
They worked around the clock to ensure that my puppy life was saved.
They worked around the clock to ensure that puppy my life saved was .
They worked the around to clock ensure that my life puppy saved was .
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them.
We have to leave at him the for vet 3 days and was I told to check call ups for as often as I wished no that matter many how times I called I would not annoy them .
We have to leave him at the for vet 3 days and I was told for to call check ups as often as I wished that how no matter many times I called I would not annoy . them
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash.
Lol where They super friendly towards us treated and like us people not walking bags of cash .
They lol where friendly super towards us treated and us like people not bags walking cash of .
In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash.
In this day its to rare find such wonderful who people Not CARE , kind the of want to make . cash
In this its day rare to find such people wonderful who CARE , kind Not the want of to cash make .
I would strongly suggest you give them the chance to prove to you that not all people in this world are evil!
Would I suggest strongly you give them the chance to prove to you that all not this people in world evil are !
Would I strongly suggest you give the them chance to prove to that you not all people this world in are ! evil
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals.
I will never to go another vet as as long I have animals .
I will never to go another vet long as as have animals I .
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them!
I live nearly two and hours away I yet will still make the drive to see them !
Live I nearly hours two away yet and I will still make drive the see to them !
Infact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my animals and I are treated.
Infact I look forward to taking animals to my the vet simply of because my animals how and are I treated .
Infact I look forward taking to my to animals the vet because simply of my how animals I and treated are .
Okay, here's the scoop.
Okay , here s the ' scoop .
Okay , here ' scoop s the .
I'ma regular at the HH.
I ' ma regular HH at the .
' I regular ma at the HH .
The food is excellent, the serivce is horrible.
Food the is excellent the , serivce horrible is .
The food is , the excellent serivce is . horrible
I think they're still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking... not in any hurry.
I think they ' re in still the from mindset it only when was smokers sitting drinking around and . . . not in hurry any .
Think I they ' in re still the from mindset when it was only sitting smokers around drinking and . . . not in any hurry .
In my experience the food has been excellent (for the most part).
My in experience food the has been excellent for ( the part most ) .
My experience in the has been food excellent ( for the most part ) .
However, the bartenders/waitresses definately need to be re-trained (if they ever had any to begin with) and learn two things: only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting.
However , the bartenders / waitresses definately need to be re - ( trained they if ever had any begin to with ) and learn two things : only chat customers with when other customers are waiting impatiently not and to look around more see often to people if are waiting .
, however the bartenders / waitresses definately need to be re - trained ( if they ever had any to begin ) with two and learn things : chat only with customers when other customers are impatiently not waiting and to look around more often see to people if are waiting .
In some cases the result is because of understaffing, in some cases the staff just doesn't care/know better.
In some the cases is result because understaffing of , in some cases the just ' staff doesn care t / know better .
Some in the cases result of is because understaffing , in some cases the just staff doesn t ' care know / better .
They must also get something to keep take-out warm, so it's not room temperature at best when you get it home.
Must they also get to something take keep - out warm , so it s room ' not temperature best at you when get it home .
They must also get something keep take to - out warm , so ' it s not at room temperature when best get you home it .
You just have to know what you're getting into when you go.
You just have to know what you re ' getting into go when . you
Just you know to have what you ' re getting into when you go .
Nice local pub, excellent food (especially wings), and don't go if you have a limited amount of time.
Nice , local excellent pub food ( especially wings ) , don ' and t if go you have a amount limited of time .
Local nice , pub excellent food ( wings especially ) , and ' don t go if you have a of limited amount . time
Trust The Midas Touch
Trust Midas The Touch
The trust Midas Touch
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles, I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else!
Personally I this trust Midas store all with my , vehicles I have going there been for years would & never go anywhere else !
I personally Midas trust this store all with my vehicles , I been have going there years for & never would go else anywhere !
the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money.
staff the is very & personable actually about care the safety customers rather than taking there . money
the is staff personable very & actually care the about safety customers than rather taking there money .
This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner.
This is a however very but busy shop there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you in get back a manner timely .
Is this however a very busy shop but there are available appointments & the staff up will front make surely you sure in get back a timely . manner
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them!
I look some at of these other comments laugh & people because think the that revolves world around ! them
I look at some of other these comments & laugh because people think the that world revolves around them !
Like the girl with the fuse problem...
Like the with girl fuse problem the . . .
The like girl with fuse problem the . . .
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed its electrical!
Midas has most the high equipment tech town in & you I guarantee if they told you it was then electrical deed in its electrical !
Midas the has most high tech equipment town in & I guarantee if you told they you it was electrical in then deed its electrical !
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal.
maybe you understand should how the world works & realize are you like just any person & other not put yourself on a pedestal .
maybe you how should world understand the works & you realize are just like any other & person put not yourself on a pedestal .
I will continue going to Dave at Midas because he is one of the most honest business owners in this town!
I will continue to going Dave at because he Midas is one of the most business honest in owners this ! town
Will I going continue to Dave at Midas he because is one of the most business honest owners in this town !
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust!
When having car your you worked on have trust to the mechanic & this Midas truly is someone can you trust !
When your having car worked on have you the to trust mechanic & this Midas is truly someone trust you can !
We decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls-- live scallop sashimi, duck breast nigiri with foie gras, panko mussels-- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price.
We decided to try place this last night because we noticed that it had interesting some things the on aside menu the from usual rolls - - live scallop sashimi , duck nigiri breast foie with gras , panko mussels - - but none these of were great particularly worth or the sticker price .
Decided we to try this place last night because we noticed it that had some interesting on the things menu from aside the usual rolls - - live scallop sashimi duck , breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels - - but of none these were great particularly the or worth sticker price .
Additionally we tried the Logan Circle roll, spicy crab and tuna roll, and sweet potato tempura roll ($15, $10, and $3.75 respectively).
Additionally we tried Logan the Circle , roll spicy crab and roll tuna , sweet potato and tempura ( roll $ , 15 $ 10 , and $ 3 . 75 ) respectively .
Additionally we tried the Logan Circle roll , and spicy crab tuna roll , and sweet roll potato tempura ( $ 15 , $ 10 , $ 3 and 75 . ) respectively .
The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise: cheap and delicious, the only thing we tried that I would say was well worth it and a great value (and I never get vegetarian rolls).
The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a surprise great : cheap delicious and , the thing only tried we that I would was well say it worth and a value great ( and I never get vegetarian rolls ) .
The sweet potato tempura roll was a actually great surprise : cheap and delicious , only the thing we that tried I would say well worth was and it a value great ( I and never get vegetarian rolls ) .
The other rolls weren't at all special, especially given their pricing.
Other the rolls weren ' at t all special , especially given their pricing .
The other rolls weren ' at t all special , especially given pricing their .
The bottom line is that the food isn't great and is relatively high-priced.
The line bottom is the that food isn ' and t great is high relatively - priced .
Bottom line the is that the isn food t ' and great is relatively high - priced .
The service is solicitous, the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out-of-place flat-screen TV playing football.
Service the is solicitous , the atmosphere nice is and except mod the out - of place - flat - screen TV playing . football
The service is solicitous , the atmosphere is mod nice and except the out - of place - - flat screen playing TV football .
But I'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut.
But I d ' go elsewhere prices unless the are cut .
But I ' d elsewhere the go unless prices are cut .
It's just not worth it.
' it s just not it worth .
It ' s just not worth it .
Don't Expect Sleep or Courtesy
' don Expect t Sleep or Courtesy
' don Expect t Sleep or Courtesy
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007.
Was booked for I 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007 .
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel Oct in 2007 .
At 3:15 am on night #2, the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room.
3 at : 15 am on night # , 2 the fire alarm and light strobe in activated my room .
At : 3 15 am night on # 2 , the fire and alarm activated strobe light my in room .
These are not household type alarms.
Are not these household type alarms .
Are these not type household alarms .
When they sound off, it is a true audio/visual experience.
They when sound off , it a is audio true / experience visual .
They sound when off , it a is true audio / experience visual .
I called the front desk and got no answer.
I called the desk and got front no answer .
Called I the desk front and got no . answer
After checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none, I decided to just pack up and leave.
After checking for signs fire of or smoke seeing and , none decided I just to pack and up leave .
For after checking signs of fire smoke or seeing and none , I decided to just pack up and leave .
The desk agent actually argued with me, claiming that no such alarm had gone off (as if I would make that up?).
The desk actually agent argued me with , claiming no that such had alarm off gone as ( if would I that make up ? ) .
Agent the desk actually argued me with no , claiming that such alarm had gone ( off as if would I make that up ? ) .
He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded, so only 4 guests were effected (no big deal to him).
Finally he only admitted that the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded , so only guests 4 effected were ( big deal no him to ) .
Finally he that admitted only the 4 ADA alarms room had sounded , 4 so only guests were ( effected no deal big to ) him .
This little drip offered no apologies whatsoever, and even refused to give me the name of the manager until I pressed him for it 3 times.
This drip little no apologies offered whatsoever , and even refused to give me the of name manager the I until pressed him it 3 for times .
This drip little offered no whatsoever apologies , and even refused give me to the name of the until I manager pressed for him 3 it times .
This hotel is adequate enough, but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management.
This hotel adequate is enough , but is there obvious an problem the with staff management and .
This hotel is adequate enough , but there an with is obvious problem the staff and . management
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night.
Not do go there you if expect to through sleep the night .
Do not go there if you to sleep expect the through night .
Poor Service, Lack of Passion: Do NOT go
Poor Service Passion , Lack of : Do NOT go
Service poor , of Passion Lack : Do NOT go
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care, patient-doctor communication, and just the overall level of services.
I began seeing Dr . back 2000 Romanick in have and a seen decline significant in the quality of patient care , - doctor communication , and just the overall of services level .
Began I seeing Dr . back Romanick in 2000 have a and seen significant in decline the quality care of , patient - doctor communication , just and the overall of level . services
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office.
The poor quality starts at receptionist the desk , where staff the very is impatient and lack the efficiency once I loved about the . office
The poor quality starts the receptionist at desk , the where staff is very impatient lack and efficiency the I loved once about the . office
It took them nearly two months to complete a simple task, and countless calls from my part due to their lack of response and passion (not that it's a requirement for the job, but it helps to at least pretend to be helpful).
It took them nearly two months to a complete task simple , and calls from countless my part due to their lack of and response passion ( not ' that it s a requirement for the , job but helps it to at least pretend to be ) helpful .
Took it nearly them months two to a complete simple task , and countless from calls part my to due their lack of and response passion ( not that it ' s a requirement for the job , but it helps to at pretend to least be helpful ) .
Also, I was promised to have my test results emailed to me, but it never happened, and after a few attempts to get Dr. Romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition, I finally gave up and went to a different doctor.
Also , I was to promised have my test results emailed to me , but it never happened , and after a few attempts get to Dr . on Romanick the phone brief to me on my finally condition , I gave up and went a to different doctor .
, I also was promised to have my test results emailed to me , but never it happened , and after a few attempts to get . Dr Romanick the on phone to me brief on my condition , I finally gave up and went to a different doctor .
Please do not go there if it's professional, friendly, diligent medical services you're looking for.
Please do not if go there it ' s , professional friendly , diligent medical you services ' re . looking for
Please do not if go there ' s it professional , friendly , diligent services medical ' you re looking for .
Save yourself the trouble, money and time and visit a more caring facility/doctor.
Save yourself trouble the , money and and time a visit caring more facility / . doctor
Save yourself the , trouble and money and time visit a more facility caring doctor / .
The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn, but advertised all over NY/NJ, including Fort Lee.
Company the is moving actualy based in Brooklyn , advertised but all over NY NJ / including , Fort Lee .
The company moving actualy is based in , Brooklyn all but over advertised NY / NJ , including Fort Lee .
When the guys arrived (2 hours later than agreed) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $100 for them to drive back from your destination.
The when guys arrived ( 2 hours later than ) agreed they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them drive to back from your . destination
Guys when the arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) told they you that have to pay all the tolls payed they coming from Brooklyn and extra $ for 100 them back to drive from your destination .
That was not in agreement eather, but they realy demand it.
That was not agreement in eather but , realy they demand it .
Was not that agreement in eather , but they realy demand it .
And another $100 for wrapping the furniture.
Another and $ 100 for wrapping furniture the .
And another $ for wrapping 100 the furniture .
So totalling $212 just for start before any work started.
So totalling $ 212 for just start before any work started .
So totalling 212 $ just for before any start work started .
Guess what, was not in the initial agreement as well.
Guess what , not was in the initial agreement as well .
What guess , not was in the initial as agreement well .
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track (from 2pm-8pm).
I was out moving 2 from bdr and it apartment for took 3 strong 6 guys hours to track load a ( from 2pm - 8pm ) .
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment it took and strong 3 for 6 guys hours load to track a ( from 2pm - 8pm ) .
The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken.
Only the reason I ' m giving stars instead 3 of 1 or 2 , I should admit , nothing broken was .
The only reason I ' m stars giving instead 3 of 1 or 2 , I admit should , broken nothing was .
So I still can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially.
I still so can them recomend but prepare pay twice as much as tell they initially you .
So I still can recomend them but prepare twice pay much as they tell as you . initially
One more thing, they don't take any credit cards or checks.
One thing more , they don t ' take credit cards any or checks .
One more thing , they don ' t take credit any cards checks or .
You have to pay CASH ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination.
To you have pay CASH ONLY they before start unloading on track your destination .
You have to pay CASH ONLY before start they unloading track your on destination .
Worst Apartments EVER
Apartments worst EVER
Apartments worst EVER
We lived here for 2 years, the first year or so was okay.
Lived we here 2 for years , the first or so year was okay .
Lived we here for years 2 the first , year or so was okay .
Then, the more power they gave to Linda, the worse the place got.
Then , the more power they gave , to Linda the worse the . place got
Then , more the power gave they to Linda , worse the the got place .
We were always having our water shut off, there were always people having parties at the pool, even after it was supposed to be closed.
We were always having water our , shut off there were people always having parties at pool the , after even it was to supposed closed be .
We were always having shut our water off , there were people parties always having at pool the , even after it was supposed to be closed .
The pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11:45 yelling, playing music and do who-knows-what in the dark corners of the pool.
Pool the was supposed to close 10 at and would they have down people there until 11 : 45 playing yelling , music and do who knows - - what in the dark of the corners . pool
Pool the supposed was to at close 10 and would they people have down there until 11 : 45 yelling , playing and music who do - knows what - in the dark of corners pool the .
Then, when we moved out, we cleaned the apartment top to bottom, they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees (and we never got our deposit back) and past utilities (that were already paid, we have check numbers and records of this).
Then , when we out moved , we cleaned the apartment top to bottom , they came back tried and charge to for us cleaning fees two ( and never we our got deposit back ) past and utilities ( that were already paid , we have check numbers and records of ) this .
, then when we moved , out we cleaned the apartment top to bottom , came they and back tried charge to us for two cleaning fees ( and we never got our back deposit ) and past utilities ( were that already paid , we have numbers check records of and this ) .
Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy, rude people that live there, not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others.
Linda is the person rudest will you ever talk to and she up sticks all for the of trashy , that rude people live , there not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .
Linda the is rudest person you will talk ever and to up she sticks all for of the trashy , people rude that live there , the not nice that ones actually give a about crap respecting others .
Do not live here, you will regret it!
Do not here live , you will ! regret it
Do live not here you , regret will it !
The Worst Experience Ever!!!
The Worst ! Experience Ever ! !
The Worst ! Experience Ever ! !
I have worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and You, and it started out as a decent experience.
I have with Jurek worked Ted at and Decor You , and it started out as a decent experience .
I have with worked Ted Jurek at Decor You and , and started it out a as decent experience .
He was referred to me by a friend, who didn't have the best experience with Ted, but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end.
He was to referred me by a friend , who didn ' the t have experience best Ted with , but that said was Ted able to make for up lack his of preparedness at the . end
Was he referred to by me friend a , who didn ' t have the experience best with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make for up his of preparedness lack the at end .
I figure I would give this company a chance.
I figure I give this would a company chance .
I figure I would give this a company chance .
However, after giving a required $500.00 (NON REFUNDABLE) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas, I was sorry I did.
, however after giving required a $ 500 . 00 NON ( REFUNDABLE ) seeing deposit any before plans or ideas , I was sorry I did .
, however after giving a required $ 500 . 00 ( ) NON REFUNDABLE deposit before any seeing or plans ideas , I was sorry did I .
We met a couple of weeks later, Ted was late.
Met a we couple of later weeks , Ted was late .
We a met of couple weeks later , Ted was . late
He brought fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all came way over budget.
He brought books fabric , pictures and of only furniture , all which came way over . budget
He brought fabric , books and pictures of furniture only which came , all way budget over .
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design.
Time by the we got to the budget i him told could I work with , there was basically no design .
The time by we got to the budget i him told I could work with , there basically was design . no
Just curtains and a couple of accessories.
Just curtains and couple a of . accessories
Just a curtains and couple of accessories .
WHAT IS THAT?????
WHAT IS THAT ? ? ? ? ?
WHAT IS THAT ? ? ? ? ?
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it.
This company way is expensive too with nothing to show for . it
This is company way expensive too with nothing show to for it .
Please everyone....take heed and don't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget...
Please everyone . . . . heed take and don ' t caught get in the up about hype DECOR YOU and working with every budget . . .
Everyone please . . . . take heed and ' don caught t get up in the hype about and DECOR working YOU every budget with . . .
This is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket
Is this just way a for them to their squirm way into your pocket precious
This is just a for way to them squirm their way your into pocket precious
Horrible.
. horrible
. horrible
Horrible.
. horrible
. horrible
When we walked in, the person behind desk said: "oh well, you must wait, I am in the middle of something."
When we walked in , the person desk behind : said " oh well , wait you must , I in am the middle of . something "
We when walked in , the behind desk person said : " oh , well must wait you , I in am the middle something of . "
After a good few minutes, he asked: "what do you want?"
A after good few , minutes asked he : " what you do want ? "
After a good minutes few he , asked : " what do want ? you "
Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked.
Somewhere in between his rudeness asked he we smoked if .
Somewhere in his between rudeness he asked if we smoked .
I asked if this hotel had smoking rooms.
Asked I if this had hotel smoking rooms .
I asked this if hotel had rooms smoking .
He immediately said "no, there is a $50 deposit now!"
Immediately said he " no , is there a $ 50 now deposit ! "
Immediately he said " no , is there $ a deposit 50 now ! "
Sure enough he charged it to the credit card.
Sure enough he it charged the to credit . card
He sure enough it charged to the credit card .
When I inquired he rudely replied "in the morning when things are checked out you'll get it back."
When I inquired he rudely " replied the in morning are when checked things out you ' ll get back it . "
When I inquired he rudely replied " the in things morning when are checked out you ' get it back ll . "
I called customer service about it because the website specifically states that there are no other charges at the check-in.
I called customer service about it the because specifically website states that are there no charges other at check the in - .
Called I customer service it about the website because specifically that states there are no other charges at check the - in .
I also mentioned to the reception person.
I also to mentioned the reception . person
Also I mentioned to the person reception .
He responded "we have problem with 'people'".
He responded " have problem with we ' people ' " .
Responded he " have we problem with people ' ' " .
Imagine a hotel having problems with people.
Imagine a hotel having with problems . people
Imagine a hotel having problems with people .
I finally alerted him to his rudeness.
I finally him alerted to rudeness his .
I finally alerted to him rudeness his .
He said he's had a long and bad day.
He he said ' s had a and long day bad .
He he said s ' had a long and bad day .
We had no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can.
We had but no choice to stay but will take this as as far can . we
Had we no choice but to stay will but take this as far we as can .
Don't stay there.
' don t stay there .
Don t ' stay there .
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also.
Came I to out find the was person the hotel OWNER also .
I came find to out the person was the OWNER hotel . also
My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night, catch up on our lives evening.
My friend and were I to stay here for night a girls , up catch on our lives evening .
Friend my and I were to here for stay a night , girls catch on up our lives evening .
We live within 20 miles of the hotel and wanted to get away from our responsibilities for the night.
Live we within 20 of and miles the hotel wanted to get away from our responsibilities the for night .
We live 20 within of miles the hotel wanted to and get away from responsibilities for our the night .
Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this.
My unfortunalty husband and had I to our put 13 year down old lab morning that and we were not expecting this .
Unfortunalty my husband and I to had our put year old 13 lab down that we morning and were not expecting this .
My friend called the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her.
My friend called the hotel to room cancel our as soon as I called her .
My friend called the to hotel our cancel room soon as as I called . her
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours.
They said we that to were be for this charged room regardless because we not did within cancel the 72 hours .
That they said we were to charged be for this room because regardless we not did cancel within 72 the hours .
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still wouldn't budge.
Called I them back few a hours putting after Bodhi my down and they still wouldn ' budge . t
I called them back a few hours putting my after down Bodhi they and wouldn still ' budge t .
Times are hard, I know, but they had no compassion.
Times are , hard I , know but they no had compassion .
Times are hard , I know , but they compassion no had .
I called 3 times to talked to a manager, never a call back.
I called 3 times to talked to manager a never , a back . call
Called I 3 times to talked to manager a , never a call back .
I emailed 4 times, never a response.
I emailed 4 times , never response . a
I emailed 4 , times never response a .
In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet's that expressed their sympathy, this hotel did nothing.
One in of I emails the attached the from letter the ' Vet s that expressed their , sympathy this hotel did nothing .
In one of I the emails attached letter the the from Vet ' s that their expressed sympathy this , hotel did . nothing
I even emailed Mackinaw Tourist and nothing.
I even Mackinaw emailed Tourist nothing and .
I even Mackinaw emailed and Tourist nothing .
I am sure this is a good place to stay from reading the other reviews, but if something unexpected happens in your life, they will not care.
I am sure this is a place good stay from to reading other the reviews but , if unexpected something happens in your life , they will not . care
I am this sure is good a place stay to from reading other the reviews , but if unexpected something happens in your life they will , not care .
FANFUCKINGTASTIC
FANFUCKINGTASTIC
FANFUCKINGTASTIC
Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford, England.
Ok am a I New Yorker who been has going to school in , England Oxford .
Ok I am New a Yorker who has going been school to Oxford in , . England
I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza.
Thought I the UK completely was devoid of good NYC style . pizza
I the thought UK was completely devoid good of style NYC pizza .
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant, and I have to get a whole pie.
I thought to decent get a the only pizza way was a at fancy restaurant , and have I to get whole a pie .
I to thought a get pizza the decent only way at was restaurant a fancy , and I have to get a whole pie .
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC.
Thought I would I have to wait until I went home to NYC .
I I thought would have to until wait I went home NYC to .
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around.
Then well went on I a trip to and Glasgow was walking around .
Well then went I on a trip to Glasgow was and . walking around
I saw this place and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL.
I saw this and place looked it like the GRAIL HOLY .
This I saw place and it looked like the HOLY . GRAIL
I knew I had found the real deal, big pies, sold by the slice, with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front.
I I knew found had the deal real big , pies , by sold the slice , with the sitting pizzas the under glass in front the .
Knew I had I found the real deal , pies big , sold the by slice with , the pizzas sitting under the in front glass the .
They have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano.
They crushed have red pepper and flakes oregano .
They have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano .
So I ordered a slice.
So I a ordered slice .
So ordered I a slice .
It tasted like I just flew back home.
Tasted it I like just flew back home .
It tasted I like just flew home back .
I dunno how they did it, but Scottish friends--- this is THE REAL DEAL.
Dunno I how they did , it Scottish friends but - - - this is THE DEAL REAL .
I how dunno they did it , Scottish but - friends - - this THE is DEAL REAL .
I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it.
I this congratulated establishment for doing the research on making NYC because pizza these nailed Scots fcking . it
I congratulated this establishment doing for the research on making pizza NYC these because fcking Scots nailed . it
That being said, I don't know how their delivery service is.
Being said that , don I ' know t how their delivery service is .
That said , being I ' don t know how their service delivery is .
They might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza, scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me.
They might want change name to the to the new reflect yorkedness of pizza the , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .
Might they want to change the name to the reflect new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy gimmicky yummy sounds to me .
Good food, good wait staff, poor management
Food good , good staff wait , poor management
Food good good , wait staff , poor management
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia's on Greenfield Ave.
We visited on 7 / 26 / 08 for dinner We received a gift certificate Mama the for Mia s ' on Greenfield . Ave
We on visited 7 / 26 / for 08 dinner We received a gift for certificate Mia the Mama ' on s Greenfield . Ave
The food was good, and so was our waitress.
Food the good was and , so was our waitress .
Was the food good , and was so our waitress .
When it came time to pay the bill up front, they would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip (which I have done with any other restaurant I've gotten a gift certificate for.)
When came it to time pay the bill up front , would they not let me use any of the certificate for tip a ( which have I done with other any restaurant I ' gotten ve gift a certificate for . )
When it came time to pay the bill front up , would they not let me use any of the certificate for tip ( a I which done have any with other restaurant I ' ve gotten a gift certificate . for )
I then asked if I could have money back in cash.
I then asked if could I have money back in cash .
Then I asked if I have could money back cash in .
The person went to go check with the manager, who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there.
Person the went to go check the with manager , was who sitting a at chatting table her with who friends were eating there .
Person the went to go with check the manager , who was sitting table a at chatting with her friends who eating there were .
Her answer was short and manner rather rude.
Answer her was short and rather manner rude .
Was her answer short and manner rather rude .
Sorry for interrupting I guess.
Sorry for I interrupting guess .
Sorry for interrupting guess I .
The cashier was also short, unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time.
The cashier also was short , and unapologetic made feel as me I was wasting time her .
Cashier the was also short , unapologetic made and me feel I as was time wasting her .
There were no other options available (I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy.
There no were other available options ( I only my brought check card to any cover overage cost ) and rang she it and up applied to it gift the card before telling me about the policy . tip
There were other no options available ( only I brought check my to card cover any overage cost ) and she it rang up and applied it gift the to card before telling me about the policy . tip
I will not be visiting Mama Mia's again.
I will not be visiting Mia Mama ' s again .
I not be visiting will Mama Mia ' s again .
There are other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much more.
There are other places with food as just good management that with customers values and employees much . more
There are other places with food just as good with management values that customers and much employees . more
DINING AT TEXAS ROADHOUSE
DINING AT ROADHOUSE TEXAS
DINING AT ROADHOUSE TEXAS
TEXAS ROADHOUSE HAS VERY GOOD MEALS, THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES.
TEXAS HAS ROADHOUSE VERY GOOD MEALS , THE THAT COMES RIGHT MEAT OFF THE BONES .
TEXAS ROADHOUSE VERY HAS MEALS GOOD , THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES .
IT HAS VERY GOOD PRICES.
IT VERY HAS GOOD PRICES .
HAS IT VERY GOOD PRICES .
ON A BAD NOTE THE WAITING AREA IS NOT ENJOYABLE OR ENOUGH SEATS.
ON A BAD NOTE THE AREA WAITING ENJOYABLE IS NOT ENOUGH OR SEATS .
A ON BAD NOTE WAITING AREA THE IS ENJOYABLE NOT OR ENOUGH SEATS .
ALSO, THERE SHOULD NOT BE PEANUTS ALL OVER THE FLOOR.
ALSO , THERE SHOULD BE NOT PEANUTS ALL THE OVER . FLOOR
ALSO , THERE NOT SHOULD ALL BE PEANUTS OVER THE FLOOR .
NEXT, THERE SHOULD ONLY BE ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD.
NEXT , THERE SHOULD ONE ONLY BE PERSON BRINGING YOUR YOU FOOD .
, NEXT THERE ONLY SHOULD BE ONE PERSON YOU BRINGING YOUR FOOD .
ITS NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT.
ITS NOT DEAL A BIG BUT I HAD TAKE TO MY SALAD BECAUSE HOME THEY TO FORGOT IT BRING .
ITS NOT A BIG DEAL I TO BUT HAD TAKE SALAD MY HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT .
I HAD TO ASK THE GIRL WHO BROUGHT MY FOOD AND SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO LET ME KNOW.
I HAD TO THE ASK WHO GIRL MY BROUGHT FOOD AND SHE NEVER BACK CAME TO LET ME KNOW .
HAD I TO ASK THE GIRL WHO MY FOOD AND BROUGHT SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO LET ME KNOW .
I HAD TO WAIT FOR MY WAITRESS.
I TO HAD WAIT FOR WAITRESS MY .
I HAD TO WAIT FOR WAITRESS . MY
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY,THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE.
YOU WHEN COME FIRST IN THE HOSTESS IS VERY NOT FRIENDLY , THERE IS BUNCH JUST A OF WORKERS THERE STANDING .
WHEN FIRST YOU COME IN THE HOSTESS IS VERY NOT , FRIENDLY THERE JUST IS A BUNCH WORKERS OF THERE STANDING .
I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH, 2009.
WAS I ON THERE MARCH 6TH , 2009 .
I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH , 2009 .
I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT.
I WAS ALSO THERE JULY 4TH OF 2008 , WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME WITH OUT FLY A ON IT .
I WAS THERE ALSO OF 2008 JULY 4TH , WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A ON FLY IT .
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS, HE SAID WE CANT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .
MANAGER THE CAME OVER SAID AND HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE NEW A BATCH OF WINGS , SAID HE WE CANT DO REALLY ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING CLOSING . AND
MANAGER THE CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH WINGS OF , SAID HE WE REALLY CANT DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS AND OPENING CLOSING .
IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL.
IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST OFF TOOK PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE THE BILL .
IN OPINION MY SHOULD JUST OF TOOK OFF THE OF PRICE WINGS THE FROM BILL THE .
BUT EVERYONE HAS THERE OWN WAY!!!!!!
BUT HAS EVERYONE WAY THERE OWN ! ! ! ! ! !
EVERYONE BUT HAS OWN THERE ! WAY ! ! ! ! !
Mezza Luna FTW!
Luna mezza FTW !
Mezza Luna ! FTW
their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls.
their luna mezza ' s are deffly better than the . pizza rolls
mezza their luna ' s deffly are better than the rolls pizza .
its like a pizza roll, but they just toss ham and cheese inside.
its like pizza a roll , they but just toss ham and . cheese inside
its like pizza a roll but , they just toss and cheese ham inside .
it seems like its healthier too, but its prolly not.
Seems it like healthier its , too but its prolly not .
it seems its like healthier , too its but prolly not .
also, you can call em ahead of time, and then go to pick up ur food, or have it delivered**.
also , you call can em ahead time of , then go and to pick up ur , food or it have * delivered * .
also , can call you ahead em time of , and go then to pick ur up food , have or it delivered * * .
that cuts down on teh wait time, cus u can do other stuff while ur waiting.
cuts that on teh down wait time , u cus can do other stuff ur while waiting .
that down cuts teh on wait time cus , can u do stuff other while ur waiting .
it usually takes 20mins for a mezza luna, as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix.
It usually takes 20mins for mezza luna a as , they have to pure add delicious extract to the mix .
It usually takes 20mins for a mezza luna , they have as to add delicious pure extract the to mix .
their pizza was a little salty for me, but its still good.
pizza their a was salty little for me , its but still good .
Pizza their was a little salty for , but me its good still .
they do that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for +32 delicious.
that they do whole where thing you the sandwich between pepperoni layers of cheese for + 32 delicious .
They do that whole thing where sandwich you the pepperoni layers between of cheese for + 32 . delicious
anyways, the mezza luna: you should try it.
anyways , mezza the : you luna should try it .
anyways the mezza , luna : you try should it .
it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to hunger.
runs it you about 4 bucks and it deals blows crushing . to hunger
it runs you 4 about and it bucks crushing deals blows to hunger .
**Edit: Living on campus at Clarkson University, I have had food delivered before.
* * Edit : on campus Living at Clarkson University , I have had food before delivered .
* * Edit : on Living at campus University Clarkson , I had have food delivered . before
This was back between '05 and '09 and I don't remember how many times we've had it delivered.
This was back ' 05 between and ' 09 and I don ' t how many remember times ' we ve it delivered had .
Was this back between ' 05 and 09 and ' don I ' t remember how many we times ' ve delivered had it .
Perhaps they don't deliver anymore, but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup.
They perhaps ' don t deliver anymore but , the deliciousness of mezza a luna warrants certainly pickup a .
Perhaps they don ' deliver t , but anymore the of deliciousness a mezza luna certainly pickup warrants a .
My 2004 x-type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade.
2004 my - x type close was getting to 100 , 000 so miles it was for time an upgrade .
My x 2004 - was type getting to close 100 000 , miles it so was time an for upgrade .
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF.
I sent my wife daughter and over to check out pre a - 2009 owned XF .
I sent my wife daughter and over check out to a - pre 2009 owned XF .
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out.
Michael Chestney was very pleasant patient and my with and wife suggested she I go it check out .
Michael Chestney very was and pleasant patient with wife my and suggested she I go it check out .
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael.
I went in later that afternoon met with and . Michael
Went I in later that afternoon and with Michael met .
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive.
Showed he me the car was I interested and in we took a drive test .
Showed he me the car I was in interested we took and a test drive .
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade-in and the price of the 09 XF.
The I loved car we so began negotiating my trade - the in and price of the XF 09 .
Loved I the car we so began negotiating my trade - in price and the 09 of the XF .
The entire negotiation took about 20 minutes.
Negotiation the entire took about 20 minutes .
Entire the negotiation took about 20 . minutes
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides.
Give fair and take on sides both until we on agreed deal a that was my within parameters and was to fair sides both .
Fair give and take on sides both we until agreed on deal a that within was and my parameters was fair to sides both .
10 minutes of paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF.
10 minutes paperwork of I and was the of owner a beautiful pre - XF owned 09 .
minutes of 10 and I paperwork was the owner of a beautiful pre - owned 09 . XF
I have purchased over 15 vehicles (cars, rvs, and boats) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best.
Have I purchased over vehicles 15 ( cars rvs , , and boats ) my in lifetime and I have say to the experience Michael with and Motor Barrett Cars Antonio of San was of one the best .
I purchased have over 15 vehicles ( cars , , rvs and boats ) in my and lifetime I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor San Cars of Antonio was the one of . best
Friendly, knowledgeable, and above all fair.
Friendly , knowledgeable , above and fair all .
Friendly , knowledgeable , above and fair all .
That's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3.
That s ' you all can ask really from a car and dealer and Michael hit Barrett all 3 .
' that all s can you really from ask a car dealer and Michael and Barrett all hit . 3
Thanks for the great deal and the great car!
Thanks the great for deal and the car great !
For the thanks great deal and the great ! car
Identity Theft
Theft identity
Theft identity
Myself and my fiance's identity was stolen from the office staff.
Myself and fiance my s ' identity was from stolen office the staff .
My myself fiance and ' s identity was stolen from office the staff .
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual.
Were we told by detective a and asked to check for our credit anything unusual .
We told were by and a detective asked to check credit our for anything unusual .
Luckily they caught the crooks before they did one on us.
They luckily caught crooks the before did they one on us .
Luckily they caught the crooks before they did one on . us
It was a black female that use to work in the office.
It a was black female use that to work in the . office
It was a black female that use to work in office the .
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work.
She stole information the gave and it another to guy did that all the work .
She the information stole gave and to it another guy that did all the work .
The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it.
The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop suspicious papers with saw names and social security numbers it on .
The guy other was pulled over day one a and cop saw suspicious papers with names social and numbers security it on .
Thats how they were caught.
How thats they were caught .
Thats how they were . caught
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments.
Both they to went and jail a new was manager put in charge of apartments the .
Both they went jail to and new a manager was put in the charge of apartments .
The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers.
The apartment from across mine belonged gang to a of hookers .
The apartment across from belonged mine gang to a of hookers .
Nobody lived there.
Lived nobody there .
Nobody lived . there
A girl would show up, then a guy in a nice car would show up.
Girl a would up show , then guy a a in nice car would show . up
Girl a would up show , a then guy a in nice car would show . up
Short time later the guy would leave, then the girl.
Short time later guy would leave the , then the girl .
Short time later guy the leave would , then girl the .
My apartment was usually quiet.
Apartment my was usually quiet .
My apartment was quiet usually .
I lived in one that did not face the parking lot.
I lived in that one did not face the parking lot .
Lived I that in one did not face the parking lot .
Parking spaces are just big enough for a Mini Cooper.
Parking are spaces just big enough for a Cooper . Mini
Spaces parking are big enough just for a Mini Cooper .
It sucked having an SUV.
It having sucked an SUV .
Sucked it having an SUV .
If I found a spot, I couldnt fit in it.
If I spot found a , I fit couldnt in it .
I if found a spot I , couldnt fit in . it
Gates worked 30% of the time at best.
Gates worked 30 % of at the time . best
Gates worked 30 % the of at time . best
Bugs were a small problem, nothing too bad.
A bugs were small problem , too nothing bad .
Were bugs a problem small , too nothing bad .
The best there is in service.
Best the there is service in .
The best there in is . service
I was recently traveling down I-24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro.
I was down recently I traveling - 24 Nashville from with my 3 young children and had a blowout on southeast of the side Murfreesboro .
Was I recently traveling down I - 24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and blowout had a the on southeast of side Murfreesboro .
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud, he would take care of me.
4 it : was 50 when a friend told call me Bud to , he would take care of me .
It was 4 : 50 when friend a told me to call , Bud he take would of care me .
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday, they hit the ground moving!.
Only not did they the answer phone at : 4 50 on a , Thursday they ground hit the moving ! .
Not only did they answer the phone at : 50 4 on Thursday a , hit they the ground moving ! .
They tracked down the only tire that fit my BMW330i in Murfreesboro within minutes and secured it, then they came out, took off my tire (it was a runflat - but runflats don't do you any good if they blow out), and brought it to their shop to change the tire.
They tracked down the only tire fit that my BMW330i in Murfreesboro minutes within secured and it then , they came out , took off my tire ( it a was runflat - runflats but don ' t do you good any they if blow out ) , brought and it to their shop change to the tire .
Tracked they down the only tire that fit BMW330i my in Murfreesboro within minutes and secured it then , they came out , took off tire my ( was it a runflat but runflats - don ' t do you any good if blow they out ) , and brought it to shop to their change the tire .
They were back quickly considering how far outside of Murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 6:30 that evening.
They were back quickly considering how far outside Murfreesboro were of we had and on us way our by 6 30 : that evening .
They were back quickly considering how far outside Murfreesboro of we were and us had our on way by 6 : 30 that evening .
Thanks Bud for all of your help and taking time away from your family that evening.
Bud for thanks of all help your and taking time away from family your that evening .
Thanks Bud all for of your help and taking from time away your family that evening .
It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire.
It ' s without a doubt , the best experience I service ' ve ever had and just to be clear , the he price charged was the me as same my tire in guy Nashville ' s for price putting the on other tire rear .
' it without s a doubt , the best service I experience ' ve had ever and just be to clear , the he price me charged was the my same as tire guy in Nashville ' s price for putting on the other rear . tire
I hope I can return the favor in the future!
I hope can I return the favor the future in !
I I hope return can the favor in future the !
Alan Grissom
Grissom alan
Grissom alan
Room ok.
Ok room .
Room . ok
Service and Client base not ok.
Service and base Client not . ok
And service base Client not ok .
I have stayed in this hotel many times, and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck, its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local, not so pleasant hood.
Have I stayed in this hotel many times , it and while typically offers a decent bang for buck the , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers evictees and from the local , so not pleasant hood .
I have stayed this hotel in many times and , while it typically offers decent a bang for the , buck its client largely base consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from local the , not pleasant so hood .
I have never considered this a real problem as I travel without kids and can fend for myself, but when I had to listen to a (non-violent) domestic fight that lasted from 1 AM to 5 AM during my last stay and I found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours, my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel, or just get over it.
I have never considered this a problem real as travel I kids without and fend can for myself , but when I to had to listen a ( non - violent domestic ) fight that lasted from 1 AM to 5 AM during my last stay and I found out that front the desk was unmanned during night hours , my choice was to either waste tax payers by money calling for a yet police another dispatch to this hotel , or just get over it .
I have never considered this a real problem as I without travel kids and can for fend myself , but when I to had listen to a ( - non violent ) domestic fight lasted that from 1 AM to 5 AM during last my stay and I found out that the desk front was unmanned during night hours , my choice was to either waste tax payers money calling by for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel , just or over get it .
I chose the later, but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities, not to mention the good nights sleep i paid for but didnt get.
Chose I later the , but approached front the desk the about hotel policy to their push on over responsibilities local authorities , not to mention good the nights sleep i paid for but get didnt .
I the chose later , but approached the desk front about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities local on authorities , to not the mention good nights sleep i for but paid didnt . get
I was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call.
I told management was would me call back still but waiting for that call .
I was told would management me call back still but waiting for call that .
I will probably stay here again because its cheap and I cant afford a better hotel, but do not look forward to it and would definitely not recommend this hotel for families or single female travellers.
Will I probably here stay again because cheap its I afford and a cant better hotel but , do look not forward it to and would definitely not recommend this hotel for families or single female travellers .
I will stay probably again here its because cheap and I cant afford better a hotel , but do look not to forward it would and not definitely recommend this hotel for families or single female travellers .
Was there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at me and my son because we believed he left the grandma slice in the oven a little too long and the cheese got all dried out and the slice tasted more like a cracker.
There was this weekend past and the guy the behind counter yelled at and me my son because we he believed left grandma the slice in the oven a little and too long the cheese got dried all out the and slice tasted more like a cracker .
There was this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at and me my son because believed we left he the grandma slice in the a oven little too long and cheese the all got and dried out the slice tasted more like cracker a .
He preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying, "you do not order what you do not know about" and "you don't know how pizza is made".
He preceded to grab the off slice the and countertop it throw the while into trash yelling me at saying , " you do order what not you not do know about " and " you don ' t know how pizza is made " .
Preceded he grab the to slice off the countertop and throw into the it while trash at yelling me saying , " you do not what order do not you know about " and " you don ' t know how pizza is made " .
It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old.
Was it very to upsetting see this kind of behavior especially in of my front year four old .
It very upsetting was to see this of kind behavior in especially front of my four old year .
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home, the pie was the worst I have ever seen.
Was he in the of process making me a and pie when got I home , the pie the was worst I have ever seen .
Was he in of the process making me a pie and when I got , home was the pie the worst I have seen ever .
Cheese was falling off, so oily and greasy.
Cheese falling off was , so oily greasy and .
Was cheese off falling , oily so and greasy .
I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that wasn't so well-done (actually, burnt).
I he think did it on purpose of because simple my request for another slice grandma of that ' wasn t well so done - ( actually , burnt ) .
Think I he did it on purpose my because of simple request for slice of another wasn grandma that ' t so well - done actually ( , ) burnt .
I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my $25.
I will never go back to place and this I am them reporting the to better bureau business for such horrible customer and relations sabotaging basically my pizza taking and my $ 25 .
Will I never go back to place this and I am reporting them to the business better for bureau such customer horrible relations and sabotaging basically pizza my taking and my $ 25 .
THIS STORY IS 100% TRUE.
STORY THIS IS % 100 TRUE .
IS THIS STORY 100 % TRUE .
That little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss.
That little man who thinks he invented pizza can my kiss ss * .
Man that little who he thinks invented pizza kiss can my * ss .
Long Lines, Silly Rules, Rude Staff, Ok Food
Long Lines , Silly , Rules Rude , Staff Food Ok
Lines long , Silly , Rules Rude Staff , Food Ok
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot.
The first you thing when notice you arrive location on is the that waiting line literally goes the out door and into spills lot the parking .
The first thing you when notice you arrive location on is that the line waiting goes literally the out spills door and into the parking . lot
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good, right?
Restaurant with this a patrons many willing to in stand line just to order tacos must be good , ? right
A this restaurant with patrons willing many to in stand just line to order tacos must be good , right ?
I mean, that's the way it works at amusement parks: the longest lines are at the best rides.
Mean I that , ' s way the it works amusement at parks : the longest lines are at the best rides .
I mean , that ' s way the works it at amusement parks : the longest lines are at best the . rides
Well, this may be an exception.
Well , this be an may exception .
Well , this may an exception be .
The staff taking your order and "waiting" on you are very indifferent and have no sense of costumer service at all.
The staff your taking order waiting and " " on are you indifferent very and no have sense of costumer service at . all
The taking staff your order and " waiting " on you are very have indifferent no sense and of costumer service at all .
I have gotten better results talking to COMCAST customer service than with these folks.
I have gotten better results to talking COMCAST customer service than with these . folks
Have I gotten talking better results to customer COMCAST service than with these folks .
And don't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is, and pardon my French, a jerk.
Don and ' even t think about asking speak to to the because guy manager this is , and my pardon French , a jerk .
And don ' t even about asking think to to speak manager the because this guy is , and my pardon French a , . jerk
If you have gotten through ordering, dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules, you are finally presented with what you came for..some tacos that are "ok," but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle.
If you have gotten through ordering dealing , with the rude staff and you if followed the dumb rules you , are finally presented what with you came for . . tacos some are that " , ok " definitely but not worth putting up with hassle all the .
If have gotten you ordering through , dealing with the rude staff and you if followed the rules dumb , you finally presented are with what you came for . . some tacos are that " ok , " but definitely not putting worth up with all hassle the .
Save yourself the trouble and skip this place all together.
Save yourself trouble and the this skip place all together .
Save yourself the skip trouble and this place together all .
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac.
Suggest you I go up to Raging Taco & Burrito Raging a of couple blocks up the street Taco or even Mac .
I suggest you go to up Raging Taco & Raging Burrito couple a of blocks up the street even or Mac Taco .
Wish this was in Saratoga--
Was wish this in Saratoga - -
This wish was Saratoga in - -
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler-professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world-- and residing in Paris,London, New York the rest of the year.
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional who diner happens own the to Adelphi Hotel and travels world the - - and residing in Paris , London , New rest York the the of year .
Were we introduced to Tallulah Bistro by traveler - professional diner who happens to own Adelphi the Hotel and the travels - world - and in residing Paris , London , New York the of rest year the .
SHE KNOWS GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES.
SHE KNOWS FOOD GREAT DINING AND EXPERIENCES .
KNOWS SHE GREAT FOOD AND EXPERIENCES DINING .
She was dead on-- this restaurant was wonderful--- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page.
She was on dead - - this was restaurant wonderful - - do - be not put by off one the negative review on this page .
She was on dead - this - restaurant was wonderful - - - do be not off put by the one negative on review this . page
I can tell you we were pleasantly surprised -- BT has taste memory and each time back the food was consistently delicious -- same dishes -- were consistent.
Tell I can we you were pleasantly surprised - BT - has taste memory and each back time the was food delicious consistently - - same dishes - - were consistent .
I can tell you were we surprised pleasantly - - BT has memory taste and each back the time food was consistently delicious - - same - dishes - consistent were .
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food.
Our is friend a world traveler and unpretentious loves dining and experiences food inspired .
Our friend is a world traveler and unpretentious loves dining inspired experiences and . food
This chef knows what he is doing.
This chef knows is what he doing .
This knows chef what he doing is .
Treat yourself and go-- you will go back!
Treat go yourself and - - you go will back !
Treat yourself and go - - go you will ! back
I am a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant was in our town!
I am business a owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and this was wish restaurant our in town !
I am a owner business in Saratoga downtown Springs and wish restaurant this was in our town !
The affordable rent makes it possible for an inspired chef to serve his high quality fare at affordable prices!
The rent it affordable makes possible for an inspired chef serve to his quality high fare affordable at prices !
The affordable rent makes possible it for an inspired to chef his serve high fare affordable quality at prices !
Unlike Saratoga.
Unlike . Saratoga
Saratoga unlike .
I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself-- but the second time we went-- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were.
I rrly the seek cehf out myself to introduce - - but the second time we went - - i made a point of asking our person to wait my friend introduce and myself the to to tell chef him just how good our meals were .
I rrly seek out the cehf to introduce myself - - but the second time went we - - i a made of point asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him how just our good meals . were
Cannot wait to go gain.
Cannot to wait go gain .
Cannot wait to go . gain
-R. Morris .
R - . Morris .
- R . . Morris
I think that there pretty good.
I think that there pretty good .
Think I there that pretty good .
First of all, if you call for an appointment they won't tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one.
First all of , if call you for an appointment they won ' t tell to you call back a later month can so you then make one .
Of first all , you if call an for appointment won they ' t tell to you back call a month later so you can then make one .
They also don't tell you that they're going to mail you an "application" to be admitted to be a patient.
Also they don ' t you tell that they ' going to re mail an you " application " to admitted be to be a patient .
Also they don ' tell t you that ' they going re mail to you an " application " to be to admitted be a patient .
I feel that the way some doctors offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two things in particlular.
Feel I that the some way offices doctors work here around a is little bit so absurd I ' that m happy these guys don ' t do those two things in particlular .
Feel I that the way doctors some offices work around is here a little bit absurd so I ' happy that m these don guys ' t those things do two in . particlular
Usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the following week.
Usually you can be seen the week maybe same or the week following .
Usually you be can seen the week same or maybe the following week .
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mothers father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that's a common misconception (http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm).
Doctor the tell did that me male my pattern baldness is due to my mothers father because the gene is exclusively passed on maternal through line but that ' common s a misconception ( http : / / www . consumerreports . org / health / healthy - / living beauty - personal - care / hair - loss - 10 - 08 / hair - loss . htm ) .
The did doctor tell me that my pattern male baldness due is to my mothers because father the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that ' s a common ( misconception http : / / www . consumerreports . org / health healthy / - living / beauty - personal care - / hair - loss - 10 - 08 / hair loss - . htm ) .
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice.
General in I say would that the staff is attentive and . nice
In I general say would that the is staff attentive and nice .
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why.
But then I again nice was to them so could that have been . why
But then again I nice was to so them that could have been why .
Anyhow, after reading some of the other reviews it seems like some of the other reviewers are expecting mircles.
, anyhow after some reading of other the reviews it seems like some the other of reviewers expecting are mircles .
Anyhow , after reading of some the other seems reviews it some like of the other expecting reviewers are mircles .
If you want miracles you'll have to go to 21st St.
If want you miracles you ' have ll to to 21st go St .
Want if you miracles you ' ll have go to 21st to St .
It's a pretty typical primary care office but for the area it's very good.
It ' a s pretty primary typical office care but area for the it ' s very good .
' it s a pretty typical care primary office for but area the it ' s good very .
They don't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices.
Don they ' t do certain things that are really about annoying other offices .
Don they ' t certain do that are things really annoying about other offices .
First trip to Canada
First to trip Canada
Trip first to Canada
I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience.
I recently traveled Canada on to and business had a most experience excellent .
I recently traveled to on business Canada and had a most excellent experience .
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time.
I work for a large retail expanding company recently our into operations had Canada and to travel to all ensure of our network computer was equipment installed properly and on . time
I work for a retail large company expanding recently our into operations Canada and had to to travel ensure of our all computer network equipment installed and was properly on time .
This can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time.
This can tend to be a stressful in experience let itself alone adding crossing for time boarders the first .
This can tend be to a stressful in experience itself let crossing alone adding for the boarders first time .
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip.
I very was pleased to find my accommodations and hotel the staff be to a very calming and of comforting part my trip .
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the staff hotel be a to very calming comforting and part my of trip .
I found the hotel to be amazingly clean, not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises.
I found hotel the to clean be amazingly , not mention to very adorned well with many surprises pleasant .
I the found to hotel amazingly be clean , to not mention very adorned well with many surprises pleasant .
From my first encounter at check in to my regrettable check out I found the staff and facility to exceed my expectation.
From my encounter first at check in regrettable to check my I out found the staff and facility exceed to my expectation .
From first my at encounter check to in my regrettable check out found I and the staff facility to exceed my expectation .
I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves.
I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and impressed was with friendliness the and professionalism of the staff well as the as accommodations . themselves
Completely I my whole enjoyed check in experience impressed and was with the friendliness and professionalism of the as staff well the as accommodations themselves .
I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection.
I will be in this traveling in the future area and can you be that assured experience this be will helpful in my choice of hotels Novotel and will be my first selection .
I will be in traveling area this in future the and you can be that assured this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels Novotel and will be first my selection .
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners.
Yes the parking can be but a being challenge from I NJ am no stranger to corners tight .
Yes parking can the a be challenge but being from NJ I no am stranger to corners tight .
Please pass my appreciation to the Staff and Management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable.
Pass appreciation please my to the Staff and Management for their hospitality and excellent good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable .
Please pass my to appreciation the Staff and for Management their excellent and hospitality spirits good as make it a helped stressful trip enjoyable .
Favorite place in Tampa.
Favorite place Tampa in .
Favorite in place Tampa .
Update: I had to add to my review.
: update I had to add to my review .
Update I : had to add to my review .
I was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room.
I was just in last night had a and to chance dine their in new dining . room
Just I was in last night and had a to chance in dine their new room dining .
AMAZING!
! AMAZING
! AMAZING
I frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch.
I frequent this a resturant weekly on basis but only usally for lunch .
I frequent this resturant a on basis weekly but usally only for lunch .
Well I was in for a treat when I was greeted by the friendly girls at the counter who asked if my wife and I would like to sit in their "new" dining room.
Well I was in a for treat when I greeted was the friendly by at girls counter the who asked if my and wife I would like to sit in their " new dining " room .
Well was I in a for when treat I was greeted the by friendly girls the at who counter if asked wife my and I like would to in sit their " new " dining room .
Right away they told us that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went.
Away right they told us that it the was same great food with the same off prices so we went .
Away told right they that us it was the same great food with the same prices we so off went .
We were greeted again and sat promptly.
Greeted we were again and sat promptly .
We greeted were again and sat . promptly
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat!
After at looking menu the and the seeing menu new items they had , we knew were we in for treat a !
After looking the at menu seeing and the new items menu they had , we knew were we in for a treat !
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner.
I had Chicken the Parmesan Dinner and my the wife had Scampi Shrimp Dinner .
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner my and wife Shrimp had the Dinner Scampi .
AMAZING!
! AMAZING
! AMAZING
The portions were generous enough that we even took some home!
The portions were generous enough that we took even some home !
The portions were enough generous that even we some took home !
I have to say the value of this place always amazes me.
Have I to say the value of this always place me amazes .
I have to say value the of always this place amazes me .
It's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service, amazing atmosphere, and Incredible food, but not break the bank while enjoying it!
It ' s nice to see even that in the we eat economy can a place that has service upscale , atmosphere amazing and Incredible , food , but not break the bank it while enjoying !
It ' nice s see to that even in economy the we can a place eat that upscale service has amazing , atmosphere , and Incredible food , not but break the bank while it enjoying !
Bottom line is that when it's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service.
Line is bottom that it when ' s a privatly owned small resturant like this is you can tell that owners the employees and take pride in product their and . service
Bottom line when is that it s ' a small privatly owned this resturant like is you can tell that the employees owners take and pride in their product service and .
Well Done!
Well ! Done
Done well !
Great work and honest establishment!
Great work honest and establishment !
Great and work honest establishment !
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership, but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just didn't seem cost effective anymore.
I typically have done work on my Jeep at the dealership but , it is 6 years old and getting now charged dealership prices didn just ' cost t seem effective anymore .
I have typically work done Jeep on at my the dealership , it but 6 is years old and now getting charged dealership just prices didn ' t seem cost effective . anymore
I had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few times.
I had tried out few around place the and area had been off ripped a few times .
I had out tried around few place the area and had ripped off been a few times .
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try.
Had I hear great about things Phet G and & G Automotive so to I decided give a him try .
Had I hear great things about Phet and G & G so Automotive I decided to give him a try .
The service was excellent and personable.
Service the was excellent personable and .
Service the was excellent personable and .
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work.
Checked he out what I needed to done have told me what needed fixed be he before did any and did great work repair work .
He checked out what I to needed have done told me be what needed before he fixed did work any did and great repair work .
The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places, plus he showed me the work he did when I came into pick up the car.
Price the was actually lower what than I anticipated had and used compared to to other places , plus he showed me work the he did when I came into up pick the car .
The was price lower actually what than had I anticipated and used compared to to other , places plus showed he me the he work I did when came into pick up the car .
Also, a week after the work, Phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount.
, also a week after the work , called Phet me to up see how my car running was to and let me that know they had overcharged accidentally me for part of the and work wanted to give me a refund that amount for .
Also , week after a the work , Phet called me up see to how my car was running and let to know me that had they accidentally overcharged me for part work of the and wanted to give me a for refund amount that .
That is just unheard of these days!
That is just these unheard of days !
Is that just unheard of days these !
I grew up in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic and was really cynical about city auto repair shops since I moved here, but Phet has shown that there really are honest hard working mechanics around.
I grew in up a small where town you and knew your mechanic trusted was and really cynical about auto city repair shops since I here moved but , Phet has shown that there really are honest hard mechanics working around .
Grew I up a in town small where you knew your and trusted mechanic and cynical was really about city auto repair shops since I moved here but , Phet has shown that there really are honest hard working mechanics around .
He is my mechanic going forward!
Is he my mechanic going ! forward
My he is mechanic going forward !
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company, thus we are certainly a niche market.
Our company a is end high handbag designer and fashion accessories company , thus we certainly a are niche . market
Company is our a high end designer handbag and accessories fashion company thus , we are a certainly market niche .
We had been evaluating SEO providers for quite some time and finally decided to take the plunge with Stuart, and Ulistic.
We had been evaluating SEO providers for some time quite finally and to decided take the plunge , with Stuart and Ulistic .
Had we evaluating been SEO providers for quite some time and finally decided to take plunge the with Stuart and , Ulistic .
We made the decision for a couple of reasons.
We the made decision for a reasons couple of .
We the made for decision a couple of . reasons
1. Social Media.
1 . Media Social .
1 Social . Media .
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies, but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing.
We were familiar Search with Engine strategies Optimization but , nothing new about Social - Media just we heard that it the next was big thing .
We were with familiar Search Optimization Engine , strategies new but about nothing Social Media - just we that heard it was next the big thing .
2. We really liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key Performance Indicators.
. We 2 really liked the fact Stuart that sets defined objectives and meet we once a to month go over our Key Performance Indicators .
2 . liked We really that the fact Stuart sets defined objectives and meet we once a to month go over our Performance Key Indicators .
How has it gone so far?
How has so it gone far ?
Has how it so gone far ?
Well we have been working with Ulistic for 1.5 months, and have 100 people following our site on Facebook, and our web site, www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic, which is significantly beating our expectations - SEO is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional.
We have well been working Ulistic with for 1 . 5 months , have and 100 people following site our on Facebook , and our web site , www . designofashion . com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic , is which significantly beating expectations our - SEO is a process that takes time to and get this results quickly is . exceptional
Well we been have working with Ulistic for 1 . 5 months , and have 100 people following our site on Facebook , and our web site , www . . designofashion com has seen 3 a fold increase traffic in , is which significantly beating our expectations - SEO is a process that time takes to and get this results is quickly . exceptional
We are absolutely confident that Stuart's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow, and our business will reap the rewards of this program.
We are absolutely confident Stuart that ' and s ethical focused strategies will see these continue trends grow to , and our business will reap rewards the this of program .
We are absolutely confident that Stuart ' and s ethical focused will strategies see these continue trends grow to , and our business reap will rewards the of this program .
Finally, it must be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with, because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator.
, finally it must be said Stuart is that person a fantastic to work , with because of his solid and strategies equally importantly as because he is genuinely a good person and a communicator great .
Finally , it must said that be Stuart is a fantastic to person with work , because his of strategies solid and equally as importantly he because a is genuinely good person and a great communicator .
Excellent service and quality
Excellent service quality and
Excellent service quality and
I had Hom-Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years ago.
I Hom had - Excel replace most windows of the in my Tampa residence three years ago .
I had - Hom Excel most replace windows of the in my Tampa residence three ago years .
The excellent windows have performed without any problems, but that's not why I'm writing my review.
The excellent have windows performed any without , problems but that ' s not why I ' writing review m my .
Windows the excellent have performed without problems any , that but ' s why not I ' m writing my . review
Three weeks ago, burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home.
Weeks three ago burglars , tried to gain into entry the of rear my home .
Weeks three ago , burglars tried to gain into entry rear the of my . home
The intruders slit the screen of the window.
Intruders the slit screen the of the window .
The intruders slit the screen of the window .
Next, they tried to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a hammer.
, next they tried to the window with force a pry bar and then break to the window with a . hammer
Next , they tried force to with the window a pry bar and then break window to the with a hammer .
The window didn't break!
The window didn ' ! t break
Window the didn t ' break !
My next-door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light, thankfully scaring the two miscreants away (they even left their hammer behind!).
My next - door heard neighbor the and noise turned a light on , scaring thankfully miscreants the two away they ( even left hammer their behind ! ) .
My next - neighbor door heard the noise and turned light a on , thankfully scaring the miscreants two away ( left they their even behind hammer ! ) .
I called Home-Excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window, and was happily surprised when they said that they weren't even going to charge me for the replacement screen...that it would be covered under their guarentee.
Called Home I - Excel the next day to order a replacement screen window the for , and was happily surprised when they said they weren that ' t even going to charge me for the replacement screen . . . that it would covered be under their guarentee .
I called Home - Excel the next day order to replacement screen a for the window , and was surprised happily when they that said they ' weren t even going to charge me the for replacement screen . . . that it would covered be under their guarentee .
Lo and behold, they replaced the screen (which had to be ordered) yesterday and didn't charge me a dime.
And behold lo , the they replaced screen ( which to had be ) ordered yesterday and didn ' t charge me a . dime
Lo and behold , they replaced screen the ( had which to be ordered ) yesterday didn and ' t me charge dime a .
Their worker even cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me.
Worker their even 3 cleaned my windows of and changed a lightbulb for me .
Their worker even cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a for lightbulb . me
In this day and age, it is so rare to find a company with such nice workers and such far ranging guarantee policies.
This in and day age , it so is rare to find a company with such workers nice and such far ranging policies guarantee .
This in and day age , it is so to rare company find a with such nice workers far and such ranging guarantee policies .
I rarely write reviews such as this one, but they certainly deserve anyone's business!
I rarely reviews such write this as one but , they certainly deserve ' anyone s business !
I rarely reviews write such this as one , but they deserve anyone certainly s ' business !
Friendly staff, but definitely some problems
Staff friendly , but definitely problems some
Staff friendly , definitely but some problems
May, 2009.
May 2009 , .
, may 2009 .
We were booked at the Sheraton with a number of other out-of-town wedding guests.
We booked were at the Sheraton with a of number out other of - - wedding town guests .
We booked were the at Sheraton with a of number other out - of town - guests wedding .
Got put into the wrong room the first night, and were quite surprised to have someone with the same room key trying to get in the door at 1:00 am!
Got into put wrong the the room first night , and quite were surprised to someone have with the room same key to trying in get the door at 1 : 00 am !
Got put the into the wrong room night first , and quite were surprised to someone have with the room same key to in trying get the door at 1 : 00 am !
Next day got moved into another room, on the same floor with other wedding guests.
Next day got into moved room another , the same on floor other with wedding guests .
Next day moved got into another room , the on same floor with wedding other guests .
There were 3 adults in our room but towels for only 2, no linens for sofa bed.
There were 3 adults in our room but for towels 2 only , no linens for sofa . bed
Were there 3 adults in our room for but towels only 2 , no for linens bed sofa .
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested.
In the second room took it tries 3 to all get the and towels linens requested we .
In second the room it took 3 to tries get the all towels and linens we requested .
A package and some wedding cards were left in our first room.
A and package wedding some were cards left in our first room .
A package and wedding cards some were in left our first room .
They were sent to our second room and had been opened--the ribbon-wrapped present, and all 3 envelopes.
They sent to were our second and room opened had been - - ribbon the - wrapped , present and all 3 envelopes .
Were they sent to our room second been and had opened - - ribbon the wrapped - present , and all envelopes 3 .
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent, but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items.
In security hotel the seemed to be excellent but , were we never given explanation as an why to someone would open these items .
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , we but never were an given explanation to why as someone would these items open .
A mid-afternoon "fire drill" was disruptive, putting everyone out of the hotel.
A mid - afternoon " drill fire " disruptive was , everyone putting out of hotel . the
Mid a - afternoon " drill fire was " disruptive , putting of everyone out the hotel .
When we called the front desk about an extremely boisterous crowd in the hall outside our door quite late at night, it seemed to take the hotel staff quite a while to quiet them down.
We when called the desk front about an extremely boisterous crowd in the hall outside our door quite late at night , seemed to take the it hotel while staff quite to a quiet them down .
When called the front we about desk an boisterous extremely crowd the in hall outside our door quite late at night , seemed it to the take staff hotel a quite while to quiet them down .
The staff was friendly, especially the front desk female supervisor, and seemed to want to help, but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again.
Staff the was friendly , the especially front supervisor desk female , and seemed to to want help , but too many unusual things happened us to make want to stay there . again
Staff the was friendly , especially front the female desk supervisor , and seemed to want help to but , too unusual many things to happened make us to want stay there again .
Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is
Careful be Who Of Your Sales Guy Is
Be Of Careful Who Your Sales Is Guy
I think this place is probably really great especially judging by the reviews on here.
I this think place is really probably great judging especially by the reviews here on .
Think I this place is probably great really especially judging the by on reviews here .
My experience was awful though.
My experience awful was though .
My experience awful was though .
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks.
It to ALL had with do the guy sales which was young a 22 year who old had admittedly only been working 2 for weeks .
ALL it had to do with the sales guy was which a young 22 year had old who only admittedly been working for 2 weeks .
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it, but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal.
Was I extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it but , the sales I dealt guy ruined with the deal .
Was I extremely interested the in car and very likely would have bought it but , sales the I guy dealt ruined with the . deal
Essentially, I told him I didn't trust him cause he was a car salesman, but he got so incredibly offended at that statement that he had to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before coming back.
Essentially , I him told I ' didn t him trust cause he was a car , salesman he but got so at incredibly that offended statement that he had to go cry to another and salesman compose before himself coming back .
Essentially , I told him didn I ' t trust him cause he a was car , salesman but he got so at incredibly offended that statement that he had go to cry another to salesman and himself compose before coming back .
I don't know if the kid had a bad day or what, but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue.
I don ' know t the if had kid a bad day or what but , I had sit to apologize and nothing about for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .
Don ' I know t if the had kid a bad day or what but , had I sit to apologize and about nothing for 10 until minutes he dropped the issue .
After that, I just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car.
After that , I tried just to his ignore of and lack professionalism test drive the car .
That after , I just to tried ignore his lack of professionalism and the test car drive .
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods.
I played dumb and asked him that questions already I the knew to answers and he responded half with and truths few a falsehoods .
I played dumb and asked questions him that already I knew the to answers he and responded with half truths a and few falsehoods .
For instance I asked who owned Mazda and he said with confidence that was GM, which isn't true.
Instance for I who asked Mazda owned and said he with confidence that was , GM which isn ' true t .
For instance I asked who and owned Mazda he said confidence with that GM was , which isn ' t true .
I mean, I don't care if he doesn't know, but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face, there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing.
Mean I , I don ' t if care he doesn ' t know , if but he pretends to know and tells me to BS my face there , ' s no way I ' going m trust to him when matters to turn price the of the car financing and .
I mean , I don ' if t care he doesn ' t know , if but he pretends to know and tells me BS my to face , there ' s no I way ' m to going trust matters him when turn the to price the of car and financing .
The Worst Chinese I've Ever Had
The Worst Chinese I ' Ever Had ve
The I Worst Chinese ' ve Ever Had
This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had.
Is this by the far worst chinese food I have had ever .
Is by far this the worst chinese food I have ever had .
The service stunk.
Service the stunk .
The stunk service .
I called in my order and upon arriving to pick it up, they got my order confused with someone elses.
I called in my order and arriving upon to it pick up , they got order my with confused someone elses .
I called my in order and upon arriving to pick it up , got they order my with confused someone elses .
They helped about three other people before they offered to help me again.
Helped they about three other before they people offered to help again me .
Helped they about three other people before they offered me to help . again
They also got my friends order mixed up and wanted to charger her $10 more than what she had wanted.
They also my got friends order mixed up and wanted to her charger $ more than 10 what had wanted she .
They also got my order friends mixed up and wanted charger to her $ 10 more what than she wanted had .
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead.
She asked for the combo dinner and gave her they two plates dinner instead .
She for dinner asked the combo they and gave her two dinner plates instead .
We were standing in the store for 20minutes to simply pick up an order.
We were standing the in store for to 20minutes simply an pick up order .
Were we the standing in store for 20minutes to simply pick up order an .
Not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull.
Not mention to that the wait was staff about as as pleasant dealing with an angry bull .
Not that to mention the staff wait about was as pleasant as dealing with an bull angry .
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up.
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the messed ones who everything up .
They were and abrasive rude - when they the were ones everything who messed up .
We had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible.
Had we to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because food the tasted horrible so .
We had to throw 80 out about of our percent because meals the food tasted so horrible .
I dont know how it is possible to make orange chicken, sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that.
I dont it know possible how is to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao as well chicken as cheese taste puffs THAT bad but Delight China accomplished . that
Dont I how know it is possible to orange make chicken , sesame and chicken kung pao chicken well as as puffs taste cheese bad THAT but Delight China accomplished that .
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable.
The thing only that edible was was the rice steamed and the vegetable lo was mein barely tolerable .
The only thing edible that was was steamed the rice the and vegetable lo was mein barely tolerable .
I will NEVER go here again.
Will I NEVER go again here .
Will I NEVER go here . again
Lucky Panda in Willis is a billion times better in service and quality of the meal.
Lucky Panda in Willis is a billion times better in quality service and the of meal .
Lucky Panda in is Willis a billion times better in and service of quality the meal .
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote.
Have I no idea how China Delight won 1 number restaurant in Chinese - Montgomery There needs be to a recount that on vote .
I have no idea China Delight how number won 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery There - be needs to a recount on vote that .
Terrible Service
Service terrible
Service terrible
One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop.
One of the worst experiences I ' had ever ve a with auto repair shop .
Of one the worst I experiences ' ever ve had with a repair auto shop .
We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning.
We took our vehicle for a in to repair the air conditioning .
We took our vehicle for in a to repair air the conditioning .
Approx 4 months later, the compressor went out.
Approx months 4 later , compressor the out went .
Months approx 4 later , the went compressor out .
We took it back in to have it repaired again, and less than a week later the second compressor went out.
We took it back in to have it repaired again , and less than the a week later second compressor went . out
We took it back in to have it again , repaired and less than week a the second later went compressor out .
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again, but this time when we picked up the car, the radio and clock did not work.
Went we in for a third visit and they fixed again it , but time this when picked we the up , car radio the and clock did not work .
We went in for a third visit they fixed and again , it but this time when we picked the car up , the radio and clock not did work .
So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeks, we brought the car back again.
For 4th so the time in 5 months and third the time in 2 weeks , we the car brought back again .
So the for 4th time in 5 and months the time third 2 in , weeks we brought car the back again .
When we expressed our discontent to the manager (that's right, the manager), did he say he would return some money, did he say he would give a discount on our next visit, did he just say "I'm sorry".
When we our expressed discontent to manager the ( that ' s right , the manager ) , did he say he return money would some , did say he he would give a discount our on next visit did , he say just " I ' sorry m " .
When expressed our we to discontent manager the ( that ' s right , the manager ) , did he say he return would some money , did he he say give a would discount our on next visit , did he just say " I ' sorry m " .
Nope, none of the above.
Nope , none above of the .
None nope , of the above .
He stood there and told us how he wasn't at fault.
Stood he there and told us how he wasn ' t fault at .
Stood he and there told us how wasn he t ' at fault .
It was the fault of the parts supplier, and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car.
It was the fault the of supplier parts , and we imagine can he how having felt put to another 2 hours work of in the car .
Was it the fault the of parts supplier , and we imagine can how felt he having to another put 2 hours work of in the . car
And what did we expect...that he bench test every part.
What did and expect we . . . that bench he test every part .
And what did we expect . . that . he bench test every . part
At no time during the conversation did the words, "I'm sorry" ever come out of his mouth.
At time no during the conversation did the words , I " ' m sorry " come ever out of mouth his .
Time at no during conversation the did the words , " ' I sorry " m ever come out of his mouth .
I, nor anyone else in my family, will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again.
, I nor anyone else my in family , ever will Sun go to Devil Auto again .
I , nor anyone else my in family , will go to ever Devil Sun again Auto .
Well, unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out.
Well , course unless of the third compressor he put in car the goes . out
Well , of unless the course compressor third put he in the car goes out .
Do not use this company!
Do not use company this !
Do use not this company !
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced.
I dropped off a sheet metal that piece I needed copied to due th it was needing to replaced . be
Dropped off I a sheet metal piece that I needed due copied to th it needing was replaced to be .
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off.
I asked if they could copy the I piece dropped off .
Asked if I they could copy the piece I dropped . off
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace.
Said they it be would like made exactly the one I needed to replace .
They said it be would made exactly like the one I needed to . replace
I picked it up when it was finished and was charge 30.00.
I picked it up it when was finished and was charge 30 00 . .
I picked it when up it was and finished was charge 30 . 00 .
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT!!
When I got to the job and insert tried the to new piece metal of WOULD IT FIT NOT ! !
Got I when to the job and tried to insert the new of metal piece IT NOT WOULD FIT ! !
I took the original piece of metal and rigged it to make due since I had to complete the job.
I the took original piece of and metal rigged it make to I due since had to complete job the .
Took I the original piece and of metal rigged it to due make I since to had complete the job .
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back.
Took I the receipt and the metal that did not fit and Pomper for asked my money back .
Took I the and receipt the metal that did fit not and asked Pomper for my money back .
The girl at the desk was sooo rude I could not believe it!
The girl the at desk was sooo rude I could not believe ! it
Girl the at desk the sooo was rude could I not believe it !
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it.
Told she me she not use could the piece I was returning the and would company put only it in the trash could so I not return it .
Told she she me could not use piece the I and was returning the company would only put it in the so I trash could return not it .
I explained I did not get what I paid for.
I explained I did not get what I for paid .
Explained I I did not what get I for paid .
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job.
Asked she to me bring the original piece and I back told her had I to it use on the job .
Asked she me to bring original the piece I back and told her I had to use it job on the .
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece.
Told she me that bad was to she would do nothing help me to since she could not use or the piece resell .
She told me that bad was to she would nothing do help to me since she could not use resell or the piece .
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit.
I said I going was to trash it and also I could at have a least credit .
I said was I to going trash it also could and at I least a have credit .
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS.
A with smirk on her face told she NO me MONEY IS RETURNED BEING and IS THE THAT WAY IT WAS .
With smirk a her on face she me told MONEY NO IS BEING RETURNED THAT and IS THE WAY WAS IT .
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
DO NOT THIS USE COMPANY .
DO NOT THIS USE COMPANY .
There are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment!!!!!
There are to many that business people need our to have to put up with this unfair treatment ! ! ! ! !
Are there to many people that need our business have to to put with up this unfair treatment ! ! ! ! !
I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner's own unprofessionalism.
Would NEVER recommend I this gym anyone to and unfortunately this is solely based on owner the ' s own unprofessionalism .
Would NEVER I recommend gym this to anyone unfortunately and this is solely based the on owner ' s own unprofessionalism .
When I originally joined in January I only did so because I was told I would be able to cancel the 12 month membership if I was to move away.
When originally I joined in January I only did because so I was I told be would able cancel to the 12 month membership was if to I away move .
When I originally joined in January only I did I so because was told would I be to able the 12 cancel month membership if I was to move away .
I signed up with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professional.
I signed up with of one the staff who very pleasant was professional and .
Signed I up of with one staff the who was very pleasant and professional .
Actually working out there was good - the machines are nice and the classes are fun.
Actually working out was there good - the machines nice are and the are classes fun .
Actually working out was good there - machines the nice are and the classes fun are .
The locker room is certainly lacking - I would never shower or change there.
The locker room is certainly lacking - I never would or change shower . there
The locker room certainly is lacking - would I shower never or there change .
They need to update the locker rooms ASAP.
They need to the locker update rooms ASAP .
They need to the locker update rooms ASAP .
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away.
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and in went to cancel as membership my I told was I do could since was I moving away .
Back to poor my rating - I was excepted to school medical and in went to cancel membership my as told I was I since could do I was away moving .
The owner was VERY rude, accused me of not reading my contract, and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership.
The owner was VERY rude , me accused not of reading my and contract , basically told to me up I shut when trying was to ask questions to further understand the process of my canceling membership .
The owner was VERY rude , accused of me not my reading contract , and basically told me shut to when up I was trying ask to questions to further the understand process of my canceling . membership
I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $50 fee (which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had proof of moving) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner.
Able I was cancel to it but only after paying a $ 50 fee ( the which person staff who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I proof had of ) moving and being spoken to very in a manner belittling .
I was able to it cancel but only paying after a $ fee 50 ( the which staff person signed who me stated up I would not have to pay if I had of moving proof ) being and spoken to a in very belittling manner .
I would understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club's actual OWNER?!
I would understand I was if being treated this way by a but staff member club the ' actual s OWNER ? !
I would if understand was I being this treated by way staff a but member the club ' s actual OWNER ? !
Bad for business.
For bad business .
For bad business .
I was appalled.
I was . appalled
I was . appalled
I will never recommend this gym to any woman.
Will I recommend this never gym to any woman .
Will I recommend never this gym to any . woman
The equipment and classes aren't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff!!!
The equipment and classes aren ' t good to enough deal rudeness the from the with staff ! ! !
The equipment and classes aren t ' good deal enough with to rudeness the the from staff ! ! !
There are better places on the Cape - FITNESS 500!
Are there on better places the Cape - FITNESS 500 !
There better are places on the Cape - FITNESS 500 !
The Salon Experience from Hell
Salon the Experience from Hell
Salon the Experience from Hell
I feel obligated to share this story.
I feel share obligated to this story .
I feel to obligated share story this .
Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation.
Out right of college I called the and salon explained my . situation
Right of college out called I the salon and explained my situation .
Just graduated, just moved, not rich, and starting new job soon.
Graduated just just moved , , not rich , and new starting job soon .
Just graduated , just moved not , , rich and starting new . job soon
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you don't show up, they'll charge you.
I never got quote a price over the phone they and take cc your info just make the appointment to because if you ' don t show they up , ' ll charge you .
I never got price quote a the over phone and they take cc your info just to make the appointment if because you don ' t show up they , ' ll . charge you
I had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA named Derrick.
I had celebrity this ridiculous stylist from LA Derrick named .
This I had ridiculous celebrity from stylist LA named Derrick .
After he already put product on my hair he said "I should warn you, I'm expensive."
He already after product put on my hair he said " I should warn you , I m ' expensive . "
He after already put product on my said hair he " I should warn , you m I ' expensive . "
What was I supposed to do, say I can't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair.
What supposed was I to do , say I can ' you t afford and out walk crap with over all my hair .
Was what supposed I to do , say I ' can afford t you and out walk with crap my all over hair .
I wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown.
I wanted to be very blonde pulled and instead he my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown .
Wanted I be to blonde very instead he and pulled my root color throughout my hair whole is which a gross mousey brown .
The other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he's so wonderful, you're going to love your hair.
The stylists other me around pressuring kept me he saying ' s wonderful so , you ' re to going your love hair .
Other stylists the around me kept pressuring saying he me ' s wonderful so , ' you going re to love your hair .
$400 later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the total.
$ later 400 my dropped when jaw the receptionist me told the total .
$ 400 my later jaw dropped when receptionist the told total me the .
Derrick did a terrible job, was a complete jerk the entire time, and I had no warning as to the price.
Derrick did a terrible job , a was jerk complete entire the time , I had and no warning to as the . price
Did derrick a job terrible , was a complete the jerk time entire and , had I no warning as to the . price
I cried the entire way home.
I the cried entire home way .
I the cried entire home way .
He then "fixed" it for free but it still looked like crap.
He " then " fixed it for free but it still looked crap . like
He then " fixed it " for free but still it crap looked like .
I will never go back.
Will I never go back .
I will never back go .
It was the salon experience from absolutely Hell.
It the was salon experience from absolutely . Hell
It was salon the experience absolutely from Hell .
He also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace and that they were all jerks.
Also told he me that he worked on cast the will of and grace that and they all were jerks .
He also told me that he worked on the of will cast grace and they and that were jerks all .
That's my favorite show of all time.
That ' s show my favorite all of time .
That ' my s show favorite of all . time
I'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around.
I ' m pretty sure for the cast that the it was other way around .
I ' m pretty sure for the cast that it the other was way around .
Maybe he didn't do a good job and they told him so.
He maybe ' didn t do a job good and they told so him .
Maybe he didn ' t a do job good and told they him . so
Absolute Nightmare!
Nightmare absolute !
Absolute ! Nightmare
STAY AWAY!
AWAY STAY !
AWAY STAY !
Very unhappy ...
Unhappy very . . .
Very . unhappy . .
Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA, so I did not know what to expect.
Working with Jacobsen was Rod my first experience working with a CPA , I so not did know what to expect .
With working Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working a with CPA , so I not did what know to expect .
That said - he seemed to be doing well enough.
That said - seemed he to be enough doing well .
Said that - seemed he to doing be well enough .
However, then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for.
However , then I asked to amend my return a to apply credit I become had just eligible for .
, however asked then I amend to my return to apply a credit I had just for become eligible .
I expected to pay for this service, but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared.
Expected I pay to for this service , imagine but surprise my when I a received bill MORE for than what paid I to have original the return . prepared
Expected I to pay for this service , but imagine surprise my when received I a for bill MORE what I than paid to have the original return . prepared
Asked why, Rod simply told me that he had to research how to do the amendment (it was an amended to show that I had purchased a home - nothing out of the ordinary, one would think) and that took time to figure out.
Asked why , Rod simply told me he that had to how research to the do amendment ( was it an amended show to that had I a purchased home - nothing of out the ordinary one , would think and ) that took time to figure out .
Why asked , Rod simply told me that had he to how research to do the amendment it ( an was to show amended that I had purchased a home - out nothing of the ordinary , one would think ) and that took time to figure out .
Well, that was strike one.
Well , was strike that one .
Well , that one was strike .
I wasn't going to use them again, but I was going to leave it at that.
I wasn ' t to going use again them , was but I to going leave at it that .
Wasn I going ' t to them use again , but I was to going leave at it that .
However, now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $6,000+ despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do, I feel I have to voice my opinion.
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to the $ owe IRS 6 , + 000 despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .
However now , I that have come to realize that I going am to the owe $ 6 IRS , 000 + despite what doing exactly told Rod me to , do I feel I have to voice my opinion .
Last year, after all was said and done, I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no/little tax liability at the end of the year.
Year last , after all was and said , done I Rod asked whether my payment would structure leave me with no / tax little liability the at of end year the .
Year last , after all said was done and , I asked Rod whether payment my would structure leave with me no / little tax liability at the end the of year .
He said yes.
He yes said .
He yes said .
Well, again, I am now faced with a tax bill of $6,000+, all due on April 15, 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is 'well, you won't have to pay a penalty.'
, well , again I now am faced with tax a $ bill of 6 , 000 + , all due on April 15 , 2010 and all that Rod has to to say the is matter ' well , you won ' t have pay to penalty a . '
, well again , I am now with a faced tax bill of $ 6 , 000 + , all due on April 15 , 2010 that and all Rod has to say to the matter ' is well , you won ' to t have pay a penalty . '
I may not have to pay a penalty, yet, but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys.
May I not have to pay a penalty , , but yet this NOT is what had I in when hired mind these guys .
May I have not to a pay penalty yet , , but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired guys these .
In the words of my new accountant, THEY LET ME DOWN!
The in of words my new accountant THEY , LET ME DOWN !
In the words of my new , accountant THEY LET ME DOWN !
Bit sketchy, sporadic delivery times
Sketchy bit , sporadic delivery times
Sketchy bit , sporadic delivery times
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place.
I about bought half the of furniture own I from this place .
I bought about of half the furniture I own from this place .
Why?
? why
? why
Because they cut me good deals if I paid in cash.
Because cut they me good deals I if in paid cash .
Because they me cut good deals if I paid in cash .
Sketchy, right?
Sketchy , ? right
, sketchy right ?
Well they came through and delivered almost all of my items within a few days.
Well they came and through delivered almost all of my within items a few days .
They well through came and delivered almost all of items my within a days few .
(They even got me a couch pretty quickly.)
They ( even got me couch a quickly pretty . )
( They even got me pretty a couch . quickly )
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly, Ahmed, was nice and mostly professional, except the semi-sketchiness.
The who guy was cutting the me deals getting the and me furniture quickly , Ahmed , nice was and mostly professional , except the semi - sketchiness .
Guy the who cutting was me the deals and getting me furniture the quickly , Ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi sketchiness - .
Then one day, Ahmed left the country, not to return for months, WITHOUT informing me.
Day then one Ahmed , left the , not country to return for months , WITHOUT informing me .
One then day Ahmed , left country the , not to return for months WITHOUT informing , me .
He also neglected to tell the other person working at the store about a dining room table that I had ordered and that was supposed to be coming in.
Also he neglected to tell other the person working at the store a about room table dining I that had ordered and that was supposed to be coming . in
He neglected also to other tell person working the at the store about a room table dining that I ordered and had that was supposed to be coming in .
The other person working at the store didn't know that I still had this table coming.
Other the working person at the didn store ' t know that still I had table this coming .
Other the person working at the store didn ' t know I that still had this coming table .
I had paid in cash, and he said he had no receipt/record of my purchase.
Had paid I in cash , and he said he had no receipt / of record my purchase .
Had I in paid cash , and he said he no had receipt record / my of purchase .
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation.
I came back with the receipt had Ahmed provided my upon purchase , and guy the took forever copy to it but said he would that take care of the . situation
I back with came the receipt Ahmed had provided upon purchase my , and the guy took forever copy to it but that said would take he care of the situation .
I waited.
Waited I .
I . waited
And waited.
Waited and .
And . waited
He never once contacted us.
He once never contacted us .
Never he once contacted us .
I've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive.
' I had ve to this pester new guy several times ask to when my will table arrive .
' I had ve to pester this new several guy times to when ask my will table arrive .
He kept saying different arrival/delivery dates and didn't seem terribly apologetic.
He kept different arrival saying / delivery dates and didn t ' seem apologetic terribly .
Kept he saying different arrival / delivery dates and didn ' t terribly seem apologetic .
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL don't have my table (which was NOT cheap, I might add).
Has it been 3 weeks I and STILL don ' t my have table ( which was cheap NOT , might I add ) .
It been has 3 weeks and STILL I don ' t have ( my which table NOT was , cheap I might add ) .
Point is: You might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture -- which I did -- but they're not very communicative and god forbid something goes wrong, you'll have to fight to get it resolved.
Point is : be You might able to a get good deal on some furniture nice - - which I did - - they but ' not very re and communicative god forbid goes something wrong , you ' ll have to fight to get resolved it .
Point is : You might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture - - which I did - - but they ' re very not communicative and god something goes forbid wrong , you ll ' have fight to to get resolved . it
Poor Service
Service poor
Service poor
Run don't walk.
Don run ' t walk .
Run don ' t . walk
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger.
My experience Home Delivery with has Service been one of and disappointment anger .
Experience my Home with Delivery Service has one been of and disappointment anger .
If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would.
I if could give them rating a lower than poor I would .
If I give could them a rating lower poor than I would .
On August 21st, 2009 I ordered furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and contracted for HDS to deliver it.
August on 21st , 2009 furniture I ordered from Hickory Mart and Furniture contracted HDS for to deliver it .
August on 21st , 2009 ordered I furniture from Furniture Hickory Mart contracted and HDS for to it deliver .
After seventeen days the delivery van showed up at my home minus two pieces.
After seventeen the days delivery up van showed at my minus home two pieces .
After seventeen delivery days the van showed up at my minus home pieces two .
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered.
I was told later they had left been at warehouse the and some date future would they be . delivered
Later I was told they had been left warehouse at the some and future date they be would delivered .
No one will give me a date.
No one will give me a date .
Will no one give me a date .
I spent $2300 on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor.
Spent I $ 2300 the on bedroom suite , was complete which and excellent on condition the floor showroom .
$ I spent 2300 on the bedroom suite , which complete was and excellent condition on the showroom . floor
Upon delivery it was clear the entire set was damaged: a piece of wood was broke on the headboard; the chest of drawers was missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs; the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall; and a nighstand was missing a drawer.
Delivery upon it was clear the entire set : was damaged piece a of wood was broke on headboard the ; the chest of drawers was missing four all pieces necessary attach to the legs ; the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to into lean wall the ; a and nighstand was missing a drawer .
Upon delivery it was the clear set entire was damaged : a piece of wood was broke on the headboard ; the chest of was drawers all missing four pieces necessary to attach legs the ; back the dresser legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean the into wall ; and a nighstand was missing a drawer .
How do you lose a drawer.
How do a you lose drawer .
How you lose do a drawer .
After complaining on September 10th to National Home Furnishings, Boyles, the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery Service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned.
After complaining on September 10th to Home National Furnishings , Boyles , the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery Service latter the called finally me back said and they would up be to the pick dresser and chest of drawers at future some point and at later some point it would be professional and repaired at some point later it would be returned .
After on complaining September 10th to Home National Furnishings , Boyles , the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Service Delivery the latter finally called me back and said would they be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future and point at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later it point would . be returned
The customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture.
Customer the service at Home Delivery was Service terrible alone let their promise to set proper up . furniture
The at customer service Home Service Delivery was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture .
So I am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite.
So I in am limbo a regarding suite bedroom .
I so am limbo in regarding a suite bedroom .
I hope the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes and furniture sitting in someone's warehouse.
I hope the and owners of employees this store have bedroom in broken suites their homes and furniture sitting ' in someone s warehouse .
Hope I owners and the of employees this store have broken suites bedroom their in homes and furniture sitting in ' someone s warehouse .
Maybe then they will begin to understand poor customer service and terrible sit up service.
Then maybe they begin will to understand poor service customer and sit terrible up service .
Then they maybe will begin to poor understand customer service and sit terrible up service .
Excellent Driving School
Excellent School Driving
Driving excellent School
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I've been a nervous wreck and haven't been behind the wheel.
I involved was in a car accident 20 ago and years I since then ' been ve a nervous and wreck haven ' t been the behind wheel .
I was involved in a car 20 accident years and ago since I then ' ve been nervous a and wreck haven ' t been the behind wheel .
Unfortunately, a family emergency required me to conquer this fear.
Unfortunately a , family required emergency me to conquer this . fear
Unfortunately , family a emergency required me to fear conquer this .
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry.
A very good of friend mine recommended highly the Professional School Driving and I was to told specifically ask for Gerry .
Very a good of friend mine highly the recommended Professional School Driving and I was told to ask for specifically Gerry .
She highly recommended him and described him as the "Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is ....very calm, pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions".
Highly she recommended him described and him as the Saintly " and Instructor Simply the Instructor there Best is . . . . very calm , pleasant and detailed very in giving " instructions .
Highly she recommended and him described him as the " Saintly Instructor and the Best Simply there Instructor is . . . . calm very , pleasant and detailed very in instructions giving " .
I called the school most probably 10 times before I finally enrolled in a 20 hour package.
I the called most school probably 10 before times I finally in enrolled a hour 20 package .
Called I school the most 10 probably times before I finally in a enrolled 20 hour package .
I had to cancel my initial lesson 4 times and on the 5th attempt the management was quick enough to associate my cancellations with my fear and finally encouraged me into taking my initial lesson.
I to had cancel my 4 initial lesson times and on the attempt 5th the quick management was to enough associate my cancellations with my fear finally and me encouraged into taking initial my lesson .
I had to cancel my initial lesson 4 times on and the 5th attempt the management was quick to enough my associate with cancellations fear my finally and encouraged taking me into my initial lesson .
Five minutes before my initial lesson, I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready.
Minutes five before my initial lesson I , a got from call Gerry advising me of arrival his and to come as soon down as I was . ready
Minutes five before lesson my initial , I a got call from Gerry me advising of his and arrival to come down as soon as I was ready .
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus!
My heart pounded as walked I down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an - SUV Lexus !
My heart pounded as walked down I and pounded even upon faster seeing Gerry an in SUV - Lexus !
I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I didn't feel comfortable driving an SUV.
I thought of canceling lesson the once again because I t didn ' comfortable feel driving an . SUV
Thought of I canceling the lesson once again because I didn ' t feel comfortable driving SUV an .
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why don't we give it shot.
Pleasantly gerry said " I since already am here why don ' t give we shot it .
Pleasantly gerry said " since I am why already here don ' give t we it shot .
I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate!
I trust you and that believe you ' ll be able this to handle all you and do have to is to reciprocate !
Trust I you believe and you that ' ll to be able this handle all and you have to do is to reciprocate !
Trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself.
Trust me and most trust especially and believe in yourself .
Me trust and especially most trust and in believe yourself .
Don't worry, I'll take care of you!"
' don t worry , I ' ll take of care you ! "
Don t ' worry , I take ' ll care you of ! "
....... the rest was history!
. . . . . . . rest the history ! was
. . . . . . . the rest history was !
Here I am now driving confidently on my own.
I here am driving now confidently my on own .
Here am I now driving confidently on my own .
Gerry, I can't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear.
Gerry , I can ' t thank you enough helping for me cope with my fear .
, gerry I can ' t thank you enough for helping cope me my with fear .
To my friend, thank you for your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor ...Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is!
My , to friend thank you for your recommendation . . . you true were to words your in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor . . . Absolutely the Simple Instructor and Best Driving Best school is there !
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation . . you . were true to your in Gerry words saying is a " Saintly Instructor . . . Absolutely the Simple Instructor Best Best and Driving there school ! is
Review on House of Joy Chinese Restaurant
Review on House of Restaurant Joy Chinese
Review House on Joy of Chinese Restaurant
My family and I moved to San Antonio a year ago and have tried almost all of the Chinese Restaurants because we love Chinese food.
My family and moved to I Antonio San a year ago and tried have all almost the of Chinese because Restaurants we love Chinese food .
My family I moved and San to Antonio a year ago and have almost tried the all of Chinese Restaurants because we love food Chinese .
Well it took us a while to find one that we liked.
Well it took a us while find to one we that liked .
Well it us took a to while find one that we . liked
But we don't just like House of Joy WE LOVE IT.
We but don ' t just House like of WE LOVE Joy IT .
But we don ' just t like House of Joy WE IT LOVE .
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to--and trust me we have been to a lot of them.
Everything we have gotten there has been authentic more and better tasting than any other Chinese in restaurant the San Antonio area we have been to - and - trust we me have been to a lot of them .
Everything we gotten have there has more been authentic better tasting and than any other restaurant Chinese in the San Antonio we area have been to - - and trust we me been have to lot of a them .
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road.
We happen just to stumble this across little restaurant when one day had we to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .
We just happen to across stumble this little restaurant one day we when had visit to the Bexar Tax County Office off Bandera of Road .
We stopped in and got some take out and cannot stop going back.
We in stopped got and take some out and stop cannot going back .
We in stopped and got some take out stop and going cannot back .
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted.
They have best the Drop Egg Soup have I ever tasted .
They the have best Egg Soup Drop have I ever tasted .
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls.
We also their Egg love Rolls and Rolls Spring .
We love Egg also their Rolls and Spring Rolls .
And every entree we have ordered is perfect.
And every entree we have perfect ordered is .
And every we entree have ordered is . perfect
Everything is always cooked fresh and tastes fresh.
Everything is cooked always and fresh tastes fresh .
Everything is fresh always cooked and tastes fresh .
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive.
Prices are their extremely reasonable for the of amount food you receive .
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food receive you .
The staff is also just so pleasant to deal with.
The staff also is just pleasant so deal to with .
The staff is also just pleasant so to deal with .
They are also quick at getting your order out to you.
They are quick also getting at your order to out you .
Are they also quick at getting order your to out you .
You don't have to sit and wait around forever like most places!!
You don ' have t sit to wait and around like forever most places ! !
You don ' t have to sit and forever wait around like most places ! !
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things---You won't regret it!!
Anyone so looking an for night Excellent for out or Chinese maybe lunch just stop should and in try it because promise I you 2 things - - - You ' won t regret it ! !
So looking for anyone Excellent an night out Chinese for or maybe just lunch stop in should and it try because promise I you 2 things - - - You t won ' regret it ! !
and you will go back for more!!!
You and will go back for more ! ! !
and you will go for back more ! ! !
Karla Ferguson-Granger
Karla - Ferguson Granger
Karla - Ferguson Granger
PS I have noticed on here that someone left a comment that "all of the nice comments must come from co workers or friends" and I will tell you that I don't know these people except from eating at their restaurant.
PS have I noticed on that here someone left comment a that " all of the comments nice must come from workers co or friends and I " will you tell that I don ' t know these people except from at eating restaurant their .
PS I have noticed on that here someone left a comment " that all the of nice comments must come from workers co or friends and " I tell will that you don I ' t know people these except eating from at their restaurant .
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago.
Are from we and Virginia just moved here a year ago .
Are we from and Virginia just moved here year a ago .
So that comment is completely false.
That so comment is false completely .
That so comment is completely . false
Because we think IT'S THE BEST!!!
Because think we IT ' THE S ! BEST ! !
Because we ' think IT S THE ! BEST ! !
and we don't know them except for eating there.
we don and ' t know except them for eating there .
and don ' t we know them except for eating there .
Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor
Dr . at Strzalka Flagship CVTS is a not doctor good
. dr Strzalka Flagship at CVTS not is a good doctor
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there, but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word, and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING!!
I am not about sure the quality of doctors the there other , but i do know personal from experience that Dr Christopher . T . Strzalka is a not man of his word , is and very also CRUEL AND ! UNCARING !
Am not I sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but do i know from personal Dr experience that . T Christopher . Strzalka is not man a of his word , and is also very AND CRUEL UNCARING ! !
He was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis.
Was he going to operate replace and my aortic bicuspid due valve to aortic critical stenosis .
He going was to operate and replace bicuspid aortic my valve to due critical stenosis aortic .
I had a surgery date of July 17, 2008.
Had I a surgery date 17 of July , 2008 .
A I had surgery date of July , 17 2008 .
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy, even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery (as he had twice stated i must agree to).
Then he renigged when read he my Care Health Proxy , even though i to agreed be the on ventilator 2 for months surgery following ( as he had stated twice must i agree to ) .
He then renigged when read he Health my Care Proxy even , though i agreed be on to the ventilator for 2 surgery months following ( as had he twice i stated must agree to ) .
He later said that by 2 months he "meant at least two months".
He that later said by 2 he months " meant at least months two " .
He later said that 2 by months he meant " at months least two " .
Two months and at least two months are totally different things.
Two and months at two least months are totally things different .
Months two and at two least months are different totally things .
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which i would have.
Did he not even give the me chance to say would i on stay the ventilator longer which , would i have .
He did not even give me the to chance say i would stay on the longer ventilator which , would have . i
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed.
A Health Care Proxy is written not in stone and . can be changed
A Care Proxy Health is not written in stone can and changed be .
He also never even said he was sorry.
He never also even said he was . sorry
He never also even said was he sorry .
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room.
Just said i and was walked inoperable out of the hospital room .
Just i said was inoperable and out walked of the room hospital .
So, therefore, now he says i am inoperable (even though i am not 100% inoperable), and he is letting me die.
So , therefore , now says am he i inoperable ( even though i not am % 100 ) inoperable , he and is letting me . die
, so , therefore he now says i inoperable am ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , is and he letting me die .
I am just middle aged and do not want to die, but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives.
Am I middle just aged and do not want to die , thanks but this to doctor i have no other alternatives .
Am I just middle aged do and want not to die , but thanks to this doctor i no have other alternatives .
I, along with my friends, consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating.
I , along with friends my , this consider doctor to be the cause my death of is as he not to even trying save my by life operating .
I , along with friends my , this consider to doctor be the of cause death my he as is not even trying save to my by operating life .
Even my PA i went to the other day said "it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you".
My PA even i went to day the other said " it must by to comforting gone have to a heart surgeon like who him will nothing do you for " .
My even PA i went to the day other said " must it by comforting to have gone to heart a surgeon like him will who nothing do you for " .
He said it sarcastically.
Said he it sarcastically .
Said he it sarcastically .
If you want a doctor who will lie to you and say he will operate and then change his mind, and not know what he is talking about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are what you need, when they will not work for you, go to this doctor...he is the one for you.
If you want a doctor who will to lie you he and say will operate and then change his mind , and not know what is he talking when about he procedures recommends at other hospitals and says are they what you need , they when will work not for you , go to this doctor . . . he is one the for you .
You if want a doctor who to will lie he you and say and will operate then change his mind , and not know what he is talking about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are what need you , when they will not work for you , go to this doctor . . . he is the for one you .
What you can learn from the below 'bad experience'.
What can you the learn from below ' bad experience ' .
You what can learn from below the bad ' experience ' .
I would suggest not avoiding Second Home based on the 'bad experience' review.
Would I not suggest avoiding Second Home on based the ' bad experience ' . review
I would suggest not Second avoiding Home based the bad on ' experience ' review .
I'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here, seeing that they don't just take every dog coming in.
I ' d be probably inclined more to two board my dogs here seeing , they that don ' just take t every dog coming in .
I d ' probably be more inclined to my board dogs here two , seeing that they don t ' just take every coming dog in .
I've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was, and all the options for the dogs.
I ' toured ve place this and was impressed by how clean the place was and , all for the options the dogs .
I ' ve toured place this and was by impressed how clean the place was , and options all the for dogs the .
It's unfortunate that bmil believed that his 'perfect' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself.
It s ' that unfortunate bmil believed that ' his ' perfect dog was given not the right opportunity prove to himself .
' it s that bmil unfortunate believed his that ' perfect ' dog was not given right the to opportunity prove himself .
But I've done hundreds of dog introductions myself (another place, I don't work here), and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs.
But I ve ' done of hundreds introductions dog myself ( another , place I don t ' work here ) , and can owners have unrealistic expectations and views what they of see when their meet dogs dogs other .
But I ' ve of hundreds done introductions myself dog ( place another , I don ' t work here ) , and owners can unrealistic have expectations views and of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively; and it's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem.
Workers who do introductions these the look objectively at interaction and ; it ' s good to they are see able and willing say to no if they feel there be would a problem .
Who these workers do introductions look at interaction the objectively ; and it s ' good to they see are able and willing to no say they feel if there would be problem a .
It sounds (according to your own statement) that they had a roomful of dogs, so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems.
It sounds ( according own your to statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , they so must be doing something right and - are keeping those potential dogs safe from problems .
It sounds ( to according your own statement ) they that had a of roomful dogs , they so be must something doing right - and are keeping those safe dogs from potential . problems
You say you work a lot, and that you have a young dog; so I have little doubt that your dog is just filled with energy to burn; and it is good of you to look for a place to take him.
You say work you a lot , and that have you a young dog so ; I have little doubt that your dog just is filled with energy to ; burn and is good of it you to look for a place to take him .
Say you you work lot a , and that have you a dog young ; so I have doubt little that dog your is just with filled energy to burn ; it and is of good you to look for a to place take him .
But not at a risk to other people's pets.
But at not a risk to other people ' s pets .
At but not a to risk other people ' s pets .
You were clearly given another alternative by Second Home, to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from Second Home a couple times, getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later.
You were clearly another given alternative by Second Home , to board him - which have might given your dog a chance come to and go from Second Home times a couple , getting used to place the and maybe facilitating another attempt get to daycare into later .
You clearly were given another alternative Second by Home , to board - him which might have given your a dog chance to come and from Second go Home a couple times , getting used to the and place maybe facilitating another attempt to get into later daycare .
No business is going to push customers away without good reason; so isn't it reasonable to think they might know what they're doing?
No business going is to push away without customers good reason ; so ' isn t it to reasonable think they know might what they ' re doing ?
Business no going is to push customers away good without reason ; so isn t ' it reasonable to they think might know they what ' re doing ?
My dogs are far from perfect, and one of them I believe would be a little much for daycare here herself (at least initially).
Dogs my far are perfect from , and one them of believe I would be little a much for here daycare herself ( least at initially ) .
My dogs are far from , perfect and one them of I would believe be much a little daycare for here herself ( at least initially ) .
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this; and maybe don't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they don't want to work hard, just because you bruised your own ego.
Be little a more reasonable with your expectations of a place this like ; and maybe t don ' jump personal to attacks suggesting that they don ' t to want work hard because , you just bruised own your ego .
A little be reasonable more with your expectations of a place this like ; maybe and don ' jump t to attacks personal suggesting they that don ' t want work to hard , because just you bruised your own ego .
Dumbest F'ers ever
F dumbest ' ers ever
Dumbest ' F ers ever
I called dominos tonight, it rang forever, I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says, MAY I HELP YOU?
Called I dominos tonight , it rang forever , get I on put hold without twice saying word a FINALLY and someone says , MAY HELP YOU I ?
Called dominos I tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice saying without a word and someone FINALLY says , I MAY YOU HELP ?
So I say: I'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square (built in 1926) do you deliver to the Warwick?
I so say : I ' the m at Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( built in ) 1926 do you deliver to the Warwick ?
So I say : ' I at m the Warwick Radison hotel Rittenhouse in ( Square built 1926 in ) do you to the deliver Warwick ?
They say no, Warwick in New Jersey, Call New Jersey.
They no say , in Warwick New Jersey , New Call Jersey .
Say they no Warwick , New in Jersey , Call New Jersey .
I laugh and say, no, that Warwick is in New York, but I'm at the Radison-Warwick.
I laugh say and , no , that Warwick in York is New , I but m ' the at Radison - Warwick .
I laugh say and , no , that Warwick is New in York , but I ' the m Radison at - Warwick .
And he says: You're at Warwick in Pennsylvania?
He and says : You re ' at in Warwick Pennsylvania ?
And he says You : ' at re in Warwick Pennsylvania ?
and I said, YES, CENTER CITY PHILLY, and he says, NO, Warwick is a township, If you're at a Radison in Warwick thats too far, try dominos in Pottstown.
I and said , YES , CITY CENTER PHILLY , he and says , , NO Warwick is township a , If you ' re at a Radison Warwick in thats too far , try dominos in Pottstown .
and I said , YES CENTER CITY , , PHILLY he and says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you ' re at Radison a Warwick in thats too far , try dominos Pottstown . in
I say, NO, I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square.
Say I , NO , am I at the RADISON WARWICK in HOTEL Square Rittenhouse .
I , say , NO I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square .
He says: I not know that town, I have to get to work, I'm in PHILLY.
Says he : I not know town , I that have to get to work , I ' PHILLY m in .
He says : I know not town that , I have get to work to , I ' in m . PHILLY
Call dominos in your town.
Call dominos in your . town
Call dominos your in town .
I SAY LISTEN: I'm at 17th and LOCUST, do you deliver there?
I LISTEN SAY : I ' m at and 17th , LOCUST do deliver there you ?
I SAY LISTEN : I m ' at and LOCUST 17th you , do deliver there ?
He says, I have to have an exact ADDRESS.
Says he , have I to have exact an ADDRESS .
Says he , have I to have exact an ADDRESS .
OK, 1701 LOCUST STREET i say.
OK , LOCUST 1701 STREET i . say
, OK 1701 LOCUST STREET say i .
he says: Why you tell me your in WARWICK TOWNSHIP?
says he : Why you tell me in WARWICK your TOWNSHIP ?
he says : Why tell you me your TOWNSHIP in WARWICK ?
He gives the phone to a girl, she says, I have to have your address, I say, do you deliver to 17th and locust, she says, your exact address, I say 1-7-0-1 Locust, ARe you sure? she asks?
He gives the phone to a , girl she says , I have to have your address , I say , you do to deliver and 17th locust , she says , your address exact I , say 1 - 7 0 - - 1 , Locust ARe you ? sure she ? asks
He gives the a phone to girl , she , says I to have your have address , say I , do deliver you to 17th and locust , says she your , exact address , I say 1 - 7 - 0 - 1 Locust ARe , you sure ? she asks ?
YES I am sure, well, she says, is that ON 17th STREET.
YES am I sure well , , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .
YES I am sure , well , she says , is ON that STREET 17th .
Yes, I say.
Yes I , say .
Yes I , say .
17th, like over by 16th and 15th YES, I say, one mile west of you.
17th , over like 16th by and YES 15th , say I , one mile west of . you
17th , like over by 16th and 15th YES , I say one , mile west . of you
You're at 7th.
You re ' at 7th .
You ' re at . 7th
I am just south of Walnut.
Am I just south of . Walnut
Am I just south Walnut of .
She says, Is that 17th like over past broad.
Says she , Is that 17th like over past broad .
Says she , Is that over 17th like past broad .
YES, I am west of broad.
YES , I west am of . broad
YES , am I west broad of .
Broad, I say, is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut.
, broad I say is , 14th street and I 3 blocks am broad west of and one south of walnut .
Broad , I say is , street 14th I and am 3 blocks west of and broad one walnut south of .
Hmmm, she says, Then why are you calling here, we don't go past broad?
, hmmm she says , Then why are you calling here we , ' don go t past broad ?
Hmmm , she says Then why are , calling you here , don we ' t go broad past ?
Anyway, after much yelling and cussing I hung up, grabbed a cab, and went to Geno's.
Anyway , after much yelling and cussing I , hung up grabbed cab a and went , to ' Geno s .
, anyway after much yelling cussing I and hung up , grabbed a , cab went and to ' Geno s .
Quick to take money but not quick to fix a problem!
Take quick to money but quick not to fix a problem !
Quick to take but money not quick to fix a problem !
B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June.
B & B out came very quickly to us our quote give back in June .
B & came B quickly out very to give us our back quote in June .
They were very polite, eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing our fence.
They were polite very , eager answer to any willing questions and to wait for to us from return vacation to begin installing fence our .
They were very polite , eager to answer any and questions to willing wait for to us return from vacation begin installing to our fence .
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying "Workmanship is guaranteed for a year!".
Fence our installed was quickly in August they and their had money and left saying " guaranteed Workmanship is for year a ! " .
Our was fence installed quickly in August and they had their money left and " saying Workmanship is guaranteed for year ! a " .
Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in.
Within a week we one noticed boards of the our on gate splitting where nail a gone had in .
Within week a noticed we of one boards the on our gate splitting where nail a had in gone .
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of.
Called we our representative me who assured would he call the office and it have taken care of .
Called we our representative who assured me he would call the office and have taken it of care .
We heard nothing.
We nothing heard .
Heard we nothing .
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he'd send someone out to look at it but couldn't promise when- two weeks came and went and we heard nothing.
We then called the office and man the we to said spoke he ' d send out someone to look it at but couldn ' t promise when - two weeks and came went and we heard nothing .
Called we then the and office the man we spoke said to he ' d someone out send to at look it but ' couldn t promise when - two weeks came and went we and nothing heard .
I just called again and was told that workmanship, not wood, is guaranteed for a year- well in my opinion- the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship!
I just called and again was told that workmanship , wood not , is for guaranteed a year - in well my opinion - wood the due split to a nail which part is of ! workmanship
Just I again called was and told workmanship not that , wood , guaranteed is for a year - well in my opinion - the split wood due to a nail which is part of workmanship !
She even went so far as to say "Your calling about one board?"
Went she even so far as to say " calling Your one about board ? "
She even went so as far say to " calling Your one about board ? "
Well- when you pay over $1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good!!!
Well when - you pay $ 1000 over for something you want it to and hold look up good ! ! !
Well - when you over pay $ 1000 something for want you it up to and hold look good ! ! !
YES!
! YES
! YES
I WAS calling about one board!!
I WAS about calling board one ! !
I calling WAS one about board ! !
I'm very frustrated at this point- it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked (the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer.
I ' m very frustrated at this point - it would take all 10 of min for them come to by and replace one the board that is cracked ( the crack is deep enough to stick a in penny it and it goes through clear ) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS happy a customer has and become a dissatisfied now customer .
I ' m very frustrated at this point - it would all of 10 take min for them to by come and replace the one board that is cracked ( the crack is deep enough to stick penny a in it and it clear goes through ) yet they do not want to take the time bother with to what once WAS a happy and customer has now become a dissatisfied . customer
So I figure if they don't want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then I'll take the time to let everyone I can know about how they treat customers once they have your money!!!
So I figure if they ' don t want to the take time to fix the that fence they then I installed ' ll to take the time let everyone I can know about how they treat customers they once have money your ! ! !
I so figure if don they ' t want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then I ' take ll the let time to I everyone know can about how they treat customers once have they your money ! ! !
STAY AWAY!!!
AWAY STAY ! ! !
AWAY STAY ! ! !
YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!!
GET WHAT YOU YOU PAY FOR ! ! !
GET YOU YOU WHAT PAY FOR ! ! !
They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why!!!
Came they in a under of lot other quotes now and I know ! why ! !
They came in under a lot other of and quotes why now I know ! ! !
When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars, now for their poor customer follow-up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one-star in my opinion!
When fence the was first installed would I have given them five stars , now for poor customer their follow - up and unwillingness to fence fix the have they dropped to a one - in star my opinion !
The when fence was first installed would I have given them five , stars now for their poor follow - customer up and to unwillingness fix the fence they dropped to have a one star - in my ! opinion
Lots of rules, phantom innkeeper, last minute price was worth it.
Lots rules of , innkeeper phantom last , minute price worth was it .
Lots of rules , innkeeper phantom last , minute price was worth it .
I called the "207" number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up.
I called the 207 " number " and listened same to the recording loop 3 times I before up gave .
Called I " the " 207 number listened and to the same loop recording 3 times before I gave . up
I then called the 800 number (which was answered) and inquired about last minute rates.
Then I called the number 800 ( which was answered ) and inquired last about minute rates .
I then called the number 800 which ( was ) and answered about inquired last minute rates .
They had a room with a $99 rate, which I booked.
They had a room a with 99 $ rate , I which . booked
They a had room with a 99 $ , rate which I . booked
The room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor, but they put us on the 3rd.
The was room to supposed be on 2nd the floor , but they put us 3rd on the .
Room the was supposed to be the on 2nd floor , but put they on us 3rd the .
The email confirmation (which I read in the car) warned about large suitcases, declaring that we are innkeepers, not longshoreman.
The confirmation email ( I which read in car the ) warned about large suitcases , that declaring we are innkeepers , longshoreman not .
Email the confirmation ( I which in read the car ) large warned about suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .
In other words, they do not help with suitcases, but they promise totes to help.
In other words they , not with do help suitcases , but they totes promise to help .
In words other , they not do help suitcases with , but they promise totes to help .
However upon our arrival no one there (the inn was open).
Upon however our arrival no there one the ( inn open was ) .
However upon our arrival no one there ( inn the open was ) .
So no totes.
No so totes .
So totes no .
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3M, no exceptions.
Finally chambermaid a stuck head around her the corner from the top the of stairs and told us that sternly we could be not accommodated 3M until , no exceptions .
Finally a stuck chambermaid her head around corner the from the top of the stairs told and us that sternly not we could be 3M accommodated , until no exceptions .
Then she was gone.
She then was gone .
She then was gone .
We returned after 3PM, found no one there, and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room.
We returned 3PM after , no found there one , and a note from innkeeper the with directions to our room .
We returned after 3PM , no found one there , and note a from the innkeeper with directions our to . room
Rules in the room: #1) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash.
Rules in the room : # 1 ) you drink if the from soda in the your fridge room you must it prove by leaving the can the in . trash
Rules in the room : # 1 ) you if drink from the soda the fridge your in you room must prove it leaving by the in can the trash .
If they think you've taken a soda from your room home with you, they will charge you $1.50 per can.
They if think you ve ' taken a soda from your with home room , you they will you charge $ 1 . per 50 can .
They if you think ve ' taken a from soda your home with room you , will charge they you $ 1 . 50 per can .
They count the cans in the trash to make sure.
They count cans the in the trash make to . sure
They count the in cans to the trash make sure .
#2) If you take the shampoo products home, they will charge you $8 per item.
# 2 If you ) take the shampoo products home , charge will they you 8 $ per item .
# 2 ) you If take shampoo the home products they , charge will you $ 8 per . item
#) If you want a late checkout, (after 11 AM) they charge you $15 for the first hour, $25 for the second hour, and after 2PM it's a full day charge.
# ) If you want checkout a , late ( 11 after AM ) they you charge $ 15 for the first , hour $ for 25 the second hour , and 2PM after it ' s a full day charge .
# ) If you want a checkout late , ( 11 after AM ) they charge you 15 $ for first hour the , 25 $ for second the hour , and after ' 2PM it a s full day charge .
#4) Breakfast is 8AM to 10AM.
# 4 Breakfast ) 8AM is to 10AM .
# 4 ) Breakfast 8AM to is 10AM .
No earlier and no later.
No earlier and no . later
No earlier and no . later
If you go later, it's all cleaned up.
If you go later , ' it s cleaned all . up
If you later go , it s ' all up cleaned .
(By whom, I don't know.
( whom By , don ' I t know .
Whom ( By , I don ' t . know
I never saw anyone there.
I saw never anyone there .
I never anyone saw there .
All these rules are posted in the rooms.)
All these rules are posted in rooms the . )
All these posted rules are in rooms the . )
Snacks: uninspired bread, tea backs, and individual coffee things for a machine that didn't exist.
Snacks uninspired : bread , , tea backs and coffee things individual for machine a that didn ' t exist .
Snacks uninspired : bread , backs tea , and coffee individual things a for machine didn that ' exist t .
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee.
The I put coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup weak of coffee .
I the coffee put thing in hot and water for settled a cup of coffee weak .
No wine glasses.
Wine no glasses .
No glasses wine .
Room was clean, but had a weird, dated, sink/stove combo that didn't work.
Room was clean , but had a weird , dated , / sink combo stove didn that t ' work .
Room was clean , a but weird , had dated , sink stove / combo that didn ' work t .
Bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems.
Was bath clean shower except stall which had problems mildew .
Bath was clean except shower stall which mildew had problems .
No tub.
Tub no .
Tub no .
The Inn touts a shower with dual shower heads, but only one worked.
Inn the touts a with shower dual shower , heads but one only worked .
The Inn touts a shower with dual heads , shower but worked only one .
Don't get the rooms off the two kitchens.
Don ' get t off the rooms the two kitchens .
Don ' t get rooms the two off the kitchens .
They are RIGHT OFF the kitchen so you hear everything.
They are RIGHT OFF kitchen the hear so you everything .
They are RIGHT OFF the so kitchen you hear everything .
Free parking.
Parking free .
Parking free .
I'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $99, but I wouldn't pay their rack rate.
I ' d back go I if could get the minute last rate of again $ 99 I , but wouldn ' t their pay rack . rate
I ' d go back I if get could last the minute rate again of $ 99 , I but ' wouldn pay t their rack rate .
Quit with the overstatements!
Quit the with overstatements !
Quit with the ! overstatements
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that "everyone" is going to "love" the food, decor and service.
The worst that thing happen can for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews that making claims " everyone is going " to " love the " food , and decor service .
The thing worst that happen can any for like Zahav restaurant is to have many people too write hyperbolic reviews claims making that everyone " " is going to " " love the food , decor and service .
The truth is, in my and my dining partners' experience, this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food.
Truth the , is in my my and partners dining ' experience , this fine is little a restaurant with some unique food .
Truth the , is in my my and dining ' partners experience , this is fine a little restaurant some with food unique .
It's an entirely up and down experience, however.
It ' s an up and entirely experience down , however .
' s it an up entirely and down experience , however .
Now, the best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal.
Now , the of best that unique food the comes at very beginning the of . meal
, now best the unique of that food comes at the very of beginning the meal .
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I've ever seen placed in front of me (you would most likely think they were condiments if it weren't explained to you).
The salads salatim are the smallest I plates ' ve ever seen placed in front of me ( you would likely most they think were condiments it if weren t ' to explained ) you .
The salatim salads smallest are the plates I ' ever ve seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments it if weren ' explained t you to ) .
Though they are mostly excellent, you generally don't get enough forkfuls to know if you really love them.
They are though mostly excellent , you generally don ' t get forkfuls enough to know you if really love them .
They though are mostly excellent , generally you don t ' get enough forkfuls to know if you love really them .
That being said, the laffa and hummus are out of this world.
Being said that , the laffa hummus and are of out this world .
Being that said , the laffa and hummus of are out this . world
Then again, for the three of us who dined together, two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more, and licking the hummus from our fingers (and yes, those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three-person order).
Then again , the for three of us who together dined , two pieces flatbread of left us for fighting more , and licking hummus the our from fingers ( and yes two , those pieces of flatbread did a represent - three person order ) .
Then again , for the three of us who dined together , two pieces of flatbread left fighting us for , licking more and the hummus from our fingers ( and , yes those pieces two of flatbread did three represent a - person order ) .
Dinner was also an up-and-down experience.
Dinner was also an - up and - down experience .
Was dinner also up an - and - experience down .
The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot-on, while the lamb was often dry and/or overcooked.
The vegetarian and dishes lighter fare were always spot almost - , on while lamb the was often dry / and overcooked or .
Vegetarian the dishes and lighter were fare almost always spot - on while , the lamb was dry often and or / overcooked .
The duck was a 65% glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments.
Duck the a was 65 % glob of fat chewy no with resemblance to the juicy , crispy delicacy usually it represents establishments at other .
The duck a was 65 % glob chewy fat of with no resemblance to the juicy , crispy delicacy it represents usually other at establishments .
Dessert was... hmmm, that's interesting, I don't even remember dessert.
Dessert was . . . hmmm , ' that s , interesting I ' don t even dessert remember .
Was dessert . . . hmmm , that ' interesting s I don , ' even t remember . dessert
I guess that tells you a lot.
I guess that you tells lot a .
Guess I tells that you a lot .
Oh, yes, the chocolate semifreddo was quite good.
Oh , yes , the semifreddo was quite chocolate good .
, oh , yes the chocolate semifreddo quite was good .
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty, but served at room temperature, not warm by any stretch of the imagination.
Warm the chocolate cake was very , tasty but served room at temperature , not by warm any of stretch imagination the .
The warm cake chocolate was very tasty but served , at room temperature , not warm any stretch by the of imagination .
And my--no, I still don't remember what I had.
And my - - no , still I don t ' what remember I . had
And - my - no , I don still ' t what remember had I .
Service was average, but nothing special, and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly, not merely capable.
Service average was nothing , but special , and restaurants are that supposed to be should excellent a do better of job waitstaff their training to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .
Service was average , but nothing , special restaurants that and are to supposed be excellent should do a better job of training their to waitstaff communicative and be , friendly not merely capable .
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests (and as the many golden reviews seem to attest), we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience.
Perhaps had we not gone into this believing restaurant Zahav was to going be its golden as name ( suggests and the as golden many reviews seem to attest ) we , would have a enjoyed decent expensive little experience .
Perhaps had we not this gone into restaurant Zahav believing was going to be as golden its suggests name ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we have would enjoyed decent a little experience expensive .
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic, unless perhaps you've never had middle-eastern food before, or succulent duck, tasty lamb, decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts.
But not one should here go something expecting fantastic , unless perhaps you ' ve had never middle - eastern before food , or succulent duck , lamb tasty , decent sizes portion actually or warm desserts chocolate .
Should but not one go here expecting something fantastic , perhaps you unless ' ve never had - middle eastern before food , or succulent duck , tasty , lamb decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .
PS) When we called for a reservation, we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings.
) PS When we for called a , reservation we that were 5 told : 00 and 9 : were 30 their only openings .
) PS When we called for a reservation , were we told that : 5 00 9 and : 30 their were only openings .
When we arrived at 5, and left circa 7, there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us.
When at we arrived 5 , and left circa 7 there were , the same or 4 5 empty surrounding tables us .
We when at arrived 5 , and left circa 7 , were there the same or 4 empty 5 surrounding tables us .
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all, and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience?
Did think they we going were to lucky feel to get any at reservation , all and therefore more be pleased with our experience dining ?
Did they think were we going to feel lucky to get any at reservation all , and therefore pleased be more our with dining experience ?
MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store.
MUST READ - Do not time waste your in this . store
READ MUST - Do not your waste time this in store .
At my appointment the girl helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of the dresses.
At my appointment the helping girl was me unable adequately to lace up of some the . dresses
At appointment my the girl helping was me unable lace to adequately some up of the dresses .
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses.
Felt they like were to they going fall off of me and it difficult was to very see what I would actually look were like I purchase to some of these dresses .
They felt like were they going to fall off me and of it was very to difficult what see I would look actually were I like to some purchase of these dresses .
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model (by looking the dress up online).
Thought it would I be a good idea to see a how few I that liked would look on a like model ( the by looking dress up online ) .
I it thought be would a idea good see to a how few I that liked would look on like a model ( looking by dress the up online ) .
So, as I was leaving I asked for the designer/dress name or style number associated with my top picks.
So , as I leaving was asked I for the designer / dress name style or number with associated my top picks .
So , as I was leaving I for the asked designer / or name dress style associated number with my top picks .
They said they were "unable to tell me until they ordered my dress".
They said they were " unable tell to until me they ordered " my dress .
They said they were unable " to me until tell they my ordered dress " .
Hmmm... A person cannot call a company, if you have no idea its name (since the designer is unknown... SUPPOSEDLY), and order a gown without a dress name or style number.
Hmmm . . . person A call cannot a company , if you have idea no its name ( since the designer is unknown . . . SUPPOSEDLY ) , and order gown without a dress a name or number style .
Hmmm . . . person A cannot call a , company if have you idea its no name ( designer since the is unknown . . . SUPPOSEDLY ) , order and a gown without dress a name style or number .
Do other brides fall for this???
Do other brides fall this ? for ? ?
Do other fall brides this for ? ? ?
They either: a) don't want to give it to me because they don't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b) are recreating the dresses themselves (ie STEALING other designers' dress designs and "filling the orders" by their own seamstresses).
They either : a ) don ' t to want it give to me because they ' don want t me purchasing the dress or elsewhere b ) are recreating the dresses themselves ( ie STEALING other designers ' and dress designs " filling the orders " their by own seamstresses ) .
They either a : ) don ' t want to it give me to they because don ' t want purchasing me the dress elsewhere or b ) recreating are the dresses ( themselves ie STEALING other designers ' designs dress " and filling orders the " by their own seamstresses ) .
I'm no detective but... uhh... seriously?!?
' I m detective no . but . . . uhh . . ? seriously ! ?
I ' no detective m but . . . . uhh . . seriously ? ! ?
Whatever type of operation they are running, I'm not interested and if you're smart, you won't be either.
Whatever type of operation they running are , I ' m interested not and if you ' re , smart you t won ' be . either
Type whatever of they operation running are , ' I m not interested and if you ' re , smart you won ' t either be .
What a waste of TIME.
A what waste of TIME .
A what waste of TIME .
Aside from that little *mystery*, one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on.
Aside from that little mystery * * , one of the ladies sales quite was comfortable me telling how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I on was trying .
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies quite was comfortable me telling how wrong about I was another how that dress loved I compared of to one her dresses I that was trying on .
Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on.
Somehow , since she supposedly doesn ' t know any of names / designers dresses , after I told her designer the and dress name one of the I comparing was she , knew " exactly which dress " I referring was and to disagreed with my observation ; she said that the bodice did come low as as the one I had on .
Somehow , since supposedly she doesn ' t know any of designers names / dresses , I after her told the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing , she knew " exactly which dress " I was to referring and disagreed with my observation ; she said that the bodice did come as low as the I one had . on
My point: Even if I was wrong, don't sit there and argue with the customer.
Point my : Even I if was wrong don , t ' sit and there argue the with customer .
My : point Even if was I , wrong don t ' sit there and with argue the . customer
Say something like, "Huh.
Say , something like " Huh .
Something say like , Huh " .
I didn't think so but you could be right."
I didn ' t think you so but could right be . "
I didn t ' so think but could you be right . "
Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere.
You unless to want take the " tell customer how the she wrong is and and try force into her a dress she s ' obviously loving not " approach which will likely you get . . . uh . . . nowhere .
Unless you want to the " take tell customer the how wrong is she try and and force her into dress a she s ' obviously loving not " approach which will get likely you . . . . uh . . nowhere .
Seriously: do not waste your time.
Seriously do : not waste your . time
Seriously : not do waste your . time
Other shops around this city have MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT owners.
Shops other around this have city MUCH NICER and TRANSPARENT more owners .
Other shops city around this have MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT . owners
Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service.
Not owners that seem have they like to something hide know and nothing about common courtesy and service customer .
Owners not that seem they like have to something hide and nothing know common about courtesy customer and service .
I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life.
Felt I very much like Wedding Gallery being was and dishonest I wouldn ' t trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with gown the I wear will on most the important day my of . life
I felt very like much Wedding Gallery was dishonest being and I ' wouldn t trust to them lace me up another in gown alone let trust them the with gown will I wear on the most important day of my life .
AWFUL SERVICE!
SERVICE AWFUL !
SERVICE AWFUL !
After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past, I was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location.
After happily visiting Sear ' Automotives s the in past , I was shocked at horrible the received service at their Greensboro . location
Happily after Sear visiting Automotives ' s in the past , I was shocked the at horrible service received at their Greensboro location .
I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire.
I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a tire . shredded
I my brought car in on a Sunday to a replace shredded tire .
I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop (that is apparently what you are supposed to do, but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage, so you don't see them drving up, and they purposely block the front pull-up that all other Sear's use).
I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able assist to me and was then told to my pull car into the shop ( that is apparently what are you supposed to do , the but signs pointing big you that way are for some reason inside kept the garage , so you don ' t them see up drving , and they purposely block the pull front - up that all other Sear ' s use ) .
I waited about minutes 20 in the store part before anyone was able assist to me then and was told to pull my car into the shop ( that is apparently what you are supposed do to , the but signs big pointing you that for way are some reason kept inside the garage , so you don ' t see them drving up , they and purposely block the front pull - up that all other Sear ' s use ) .
Once inside, I had to stand around for at least 10 more minutes before--FINALLY-- a technician got to me.
Once , inside had I around to stand for least at 10 more minutes before - - FINALLY - - a got technician to . me
Once I inside , had to around stand for at 10 minutes more least before - - FINALLY - - a technician got to me .
Once I returned to pick up my car, you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting.
Once I returned to up pick my car , you can believe I quite spent a bit MORE standing time waiting around .
Once returned I pick to my up car you , can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time waiting standing around .
I had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since I was being reimbursed for the tire but was told this wasn't possible.
I had split wanted to total between the a credit and card check card I since was being reimbursed for tire the but was told this wasn ' t possible .
I had wanted to split the between total a card credit and card check I since was being reimbursed for tire was the but told wasn this ' possible t .
Once I actually got back in my car, it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel.
Once actually got I back in car my , was it dirty had and all grease over the steering wheel .
Once actually I got back in car , my it was dirty and grease had all over the steering wheel .
OK, one bad experience...fine.
OK one , . bad experience . . fine .
OK , bad experience one . . . . fine
The following Friday, I returned with my car to go ahead and replace the other 3 tires, which were worn.
Following Friday the , with I returned car my to go and ahead replace the other 3 tires , which were worn .
Following the Friday , I returned my with to car go ahead and the replace other tires 3 , which worn were .
I would not have gone back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else.
Would I not have gone back , but I couldn ' find t the particular tire they d ' in stock used . anywhere else
Would I have not gone back , but I ' couldn find t the tire particular ' they used d in stock anywhere else .
Once again, I waited for quite a bit before being attended to.
Again once , waited I quite for a before bit being attended to .
Once again , I waited for a quite bit before to being . attended
I got the order completed, and then questioned the technician since it came out about $40 less than I expected.
Got I order the completed , and then questioned technician the it since came out about $ less 40 than I . expected
I got the completed order , then and questioned technician the since it out came about $ 40 less than I expected .
He said it was the same tire, and verified this, after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week.
He it said was the tire same , verified and this , after checking both the tire actual on car my my service and from papers in earlier the week .
It he said was the same tire , and verified this , after the checking both actual tire on my car and service from my papers in earlier week the .
However, when he printed out the service quote, I could see that it was NOT the correct tire, and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model.
However , he printed when out the service quote , could I see it that was the NOT correct tire and , was not even appropriate an tire for model my car .
However , he when printed out service the quote , see I could that it was the NOT tire correct , and was not even appropriate an for tire my car . model
So I pointed this out to him, at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock.
So I pointed out this him to , at which point said only he they had one of correct the in tires stock .
So pointed this I to out him , at point which he said only they had of one the tires correct in stock .
Ok--fine.
- ok - fine .
Ok - - . fine
So I got just my other rear tire replaced.
So I got just my rear other tire replaced .
So I got my just rear other tire . replaced
They promised it'd be done within an hour, so I waited in the lobby.
They promised it d ' be done within hour an , so I in waited the lobby .
Promised they it ' d be done within an hour so , I in the waited . lobby
Over two hours later (and ten minutes before they closed) my car was finally finished.
Over two hours later ( and ten minutes closed they before ) my car finished was finally .
Over two hours later ( ten and minutes before ) they closed my car was finally finished .
A few minutes after I left, I was called and informed that "I" left my wheel lock (which they should have left in the car).
A few minutes after I left was , I and called informed that " I " left wheel my ( lock which should they have left the in car ) .
A few minutes I after left , I was and called informed that " I " my left wheel ( lock which they should have in left car ) the .
Of course, they would be closing in 5 minutes, so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day.
Course of , would they closing be in minutes 5 , so I would have to up or hurry get it next the day .
Of course , they be would in closing 5 minutes , so I would to have hurry up or it get next the day .
Of course I couldn't make it back in time (and they apparently could not stay 5 extra minutes to wait for me).
Of course I couldn ' t make back it in time ( and they could apparently stay not 5 extra to minutes wait for me ) .
Course I couldn of ' t make it back in time ( and they apparently could not stay extra 5 to minutes for wait me ) .
The next day, no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician was not in.
The next day , no one my could find lock wheel and that technician particular not was in .
The next day , no one could wheel find my and lock particular that was technician not in .
Of course, they couldn't call him either to ask about it because apparently they don't keep their employees' phone numbers (riiight), so I would have to return on Monday (driving for 3 days now with no wheel lock should I get a flat).
Course of , they couldn ' t call him either to ask about it apparently because they don ' t keep their employees phone ' numbers ( ) riiight , so would have I to on return Monday ( driving for days 3 now with no wheel lock should I get a flat ) .
Course of , they couldn ' call t him to either about ask it because apparently they don t ' keep employees their ' phone numbers ( riiight ) , so I have would to return Monday on ( driving 3 for now days with no wheel lock should I get a flat ) .
On Monday I called and again it was a big to-do to find anyone who knew anything about it.
On I called Monday and again it a was big to do - find to anyone knew who anything about it .
On Monday I and called again it was a to big - to find anyone do knew who anything about it .
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening, but I'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal.
Supposedly they will holding be for me it this evening , but I ' m that sure will also a be huge ordeal .
Supposedly they will holding be it for me this evening , but I ' m sure that also will be . a huge ordeal
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there didn't seem to be any sort of management that I could see.
The this employees at ' Sear completely s are apathetic there and didn ' t to seem be sort any of management that I could see .
Employees this the at Sear ' are s completely apathetic and there didn ' t to seem any be sort of that I management could see .
I will never return there again (and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car).
Will I never there ( return again and now some have serious doubts about the quality work of they performed actually on my car ) .
Will I never return there and again ( now some have doubts serious about the quality of work they actually performed my car on ) .



