Al-Zaman : American forces killed Shaikh Abdullah al-Ani, the preacher at the mosque in the town of Qaim, near the Syrian border.
[This killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come.]
us for years to cometrouble causing This killing of a respected cleric
us causing This killing of a respected cleric for years to cometrouble
causing This killing of a respected cleric for years to comeus trouble
DPA: Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad.
Two of them were being run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the Interior!
run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the InteriorTwo of them
by 2 officials of the Ministry of the InteriorTwo of them run
Two of them run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the Interior
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI, so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s.
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI
to the US FBIThe MoI in Iraq is equivalent
is equivalent to the US FBIThe MoI in Iraq
The third was being run by the head of an investment firm.
by the head of an investment firmrun The third
The third by the head of an investment firmrun
run by the head of an investment firmThe third
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets.
wonder You
You wonder
The cells were operating in the Ghazaliyah and al-Jihad districts of the capital.
in the Ghazaliyah and al-Jihad districts of the capitaloperating The cells
operating in the Ghazaliyah and al-Jihad districts of the capitalThe cells
in the Ghazaliyah and al-Jihad districts of the capitalThe cells operating
Although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells, I don't find the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the Iraqi government very hopeful.
I the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the Iraqi government find
find the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the Iraqi government I
I find the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the Iraqi government
It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam.
It of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnamme reminds
It me of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnamreminds
reminds It me of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam
Al-Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul.
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in Mosul, whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings.
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced
announced The police commander of Ninevah Province
On Wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his wife while they were on their way home.
a cosmetic surgeon and his wife On Wednesday guerrillas kidnapped
kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his wife guerrillas On Wednesday
guerrillas a cosmetic surgeon and his wife On Wednesday kidnapped
In Suwayrah, Kut Province, two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated.
two car bombs discovered In Suwayrah, Kut Province
discovered two car bombs In Suwayrah, Kut Province
two car bombs In Suwayrah, Kut Provincediscovered
(Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population, who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in.
Kut in southeastern Iraq
in southeastern Iraq Kut
This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center-north of the country.)
is the main difference This willingness
This willingness is the main difference
In Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain, assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah University, was assassinated with his driver in the Salikh district.
In Baghdad assassinated Kadhim Talal Husain, assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah Universitywith his driver in the Salikh district
with his driver assassinated in the Salikh districtKadhim Talal Husain, assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah UniversityIn Baghdad
in the Salikh districtKadhim Talal Husain, assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah UniversityIn Baghdad assassinated with his driver
Guerrillas killed an engineer, Asi Ali, from Tikrit.
killed Guerrillas an engineer, Asi Ali, from Tikrit
an engineer, Asi Ali, from Tikritkilled Guerrillas
Guerrillas an engineer, Asi Ali, from Tikritkilled
They also killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit.
killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in TikritThey
killed They in TikritShaikh Hamid 'Akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe
killed They Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit
His mother was also killed in the attack.
killed in the attackHis mother
killed His mother in the attack
in the attackkilled His mother
Two other Dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half.
Two other Dulaim leaders in the past week and a halfkilled
Two other Dulaim leaders killed in the past week and a half
in the past week and a halfkilled Two other Dulaim leaders
Guerrillas near Hawijah launched an attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi soldiers.
launched Guerrillas near Hawijah an attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi soldiers
an attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi soldiersGuerrillas near Hawijah launched
Guerrillas near Hawijah an attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi soldierslaunched
One of them was from the Jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the Hawijah garrison.
Jubur tribe One of them
One of them Jubur tribe
Two hundred members of the Batawi clan of the Dulaim demonstrated in Baghdad on Friday, protesting the killing of their clan elder, Shaikh Kadhim Sarhid and 4 of his sons, by gunmen wearing Iraqi army uniforms.
Two hundred members of the Batawi clan of the Dulaim on Fridaydemonstrated in Baghdad
in Baghdad on Fridaydemonstrated Two hundred members of the Batawi clan of the Dulaim
on Fridayin Baghdad demonstrated Two hundred members of the Batawi clan of the Dulaim
(This is a largely Sunni Arab clan, and some Sunni observers have accused Shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination; it is more likely the work of Sunni Arab guerrillas punishing the Batawi leaders for cooperating with the Dec. 15 elections.)
This is a largely Sunni Arab clan
is a largely Sunni Arab clanThis
Al-Zaman : The Iraqi High Electoral Commission on Friday denied a request of the Debaathification Commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the Dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in Baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office.
The Commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion.
The Commission said
said The Commission
This item is a small one and easily missed.
This item is a small one
is a small one This item
But in my view it is highly significant.
is highly significantin my view it
it is highly significantin my view
is highly significantit in my view
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard, and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas.
by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress The Debaathification Commission pushed
The Debaathification Commission pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress
by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress pushed The Debaathification Commission
Chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within Iraq, however, despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehran.
Chalabi despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehranmarginalized within Iraq
within Iraqdespite his ties of clientelage with Washington and TehranChalabi marginalized
Chalabi within Iraqmarginalized despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehran
He is no longer in the dominant Shiite list, the United Iraqi Alliance, and won't have many seats in the new parliament.
in the dominant Shiite listHe
He in the dominant Shiite list
Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months, something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have.
Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army to duty something Chalabi would have blocked if he could havein recent monthsrecalled
something Chalabi would have blocked if he could havein recent monthsSome 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army to duty recalled
something Chalabi would have blocked if he could havein recent monthsrecalled Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army to duty
Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership.
refusing the Electoral Commission
the Electoral Commission refusing
The situation in Iraq is only going to get better this way.
going The situation in Iraq
The situation in Iraq going
If someone committed a crime against humanity, prosecute the person.
prosecute the person
the personprosecute
If he or she did not, then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis.
all the same rights as other Iraqishave they
have they all the same rights as other Iraqis
they all the same rights as other Iraqishave
Al-Sharq al-Awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail has died.
Al-Sharq al-Awsat reports
reports Al-Sharq al-Awsat
A team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died.
managed A team from the court
A team from the court managed
The trial begins again Nov.28.
begins The trial Nov.28
The trial Nov.28begins
Nov.28The trial begins
In Baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas, mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiya.
In Baghdad continues mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiyathe fighting in several areas
the fighting mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiyacontinues In Baghdad in several areas
in several areasIn Baghdad continues mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiyathe fighting
Baghdadis don't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more, you never know where you might get stuck.
Baghdadis out of their neighbourhoods venture
Baghdadis venture out of their neighbourhoods
out of their neighbourhoods venture Baghdadis
There has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again.
been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again.
talk that the night curfew might be implemented again. been
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now, helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop.
for three days surrounded by American troops My neighbourhood
for three days by American troops surrounded My neighbourhood
for three days My neighbourhood surrounded by American troops
Fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever.
Fedayeen on the street are now visible
Fedayeen are now visible on the street
on the street are now visible Fedayeen
Yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars, they only come out in the open when Americans leave the area, then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their AK-47's in the air.
were Yesterday tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars
were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortarsYesterday
Yesterday were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars
They are setting the road blocks at the exact same positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same people.
They at the exact same positions they were during the war last yearthe road blocks setting
They the road blocks setting at the exact same positions they were during the war last year
the road blocks setting at the exact same positions they were during the war last yearThey
And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land.
is nothing we can do about it really
nothing we can do about it reallyis
Even the IP and ICDC have abandoned the neighbourhood, and those are trained and armed, so don't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank doesn't bomb them, and also how are American soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the Fedayeen?
the neighbourhoodabandoned Even the IP and ICDC
Even the IP and ICDC the neighbourhoodabandoned
the neighbourhoodEven the IP and ICDC abandoned
Everyone is apprehensive, there is some talk that April 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days.
is apprehensiveEveryone
Everyone is apprehensive
Most people haven't gone to work the last few days, although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is 'normal' (if you can define what normal is).
gone Most people the last few daysto work
Most people the last few daysgone to work
to work Most people the last few daysgone
There are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last April, and I have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like "This time we will be the first to loot, we didn't get anything the last time".
rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last Aprilare
are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last April
Mosques are calling for donating blood, food, and medicine for Fallujah, and several convoys have already headed out for Fallujah, most of them returned later though.
Mosques calling
calling Mosques
What irritates me is this sudden false 'solidarity' between Sunni and Shi'ite clerics, we all know that they would be glad to get at each others throats when they have the chance, and Shia clerics were describing Fallujan insurgents as 'Ba'athists', 'Saddamites', 'Wahhabis', and 'terrorists' just a few days ago.
So what happened?
happenedwhat
what happened
I guess it's just the old new Arab 'Me against my brother, me and my brother against my cousin, me and my cousin against my enemy', or 'The enemy of my enemy is my friend' thing going on again.
guess I
I guess
Speaking of Fallujah, we have only Al-Jazeera to rely on for our news from there.
we have only Al-Jazeera to rely on for our news from there
only Al-Jazeera to rely on for our news from therehave we
we only Al-Jazeera to rely on for our news from therehave
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town, and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al-Sahhaf.
to the townsent They their top reporter Ahmed Mansour
They sent to the towntheir top reporter Ahmed Mansour
sent They their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town
"They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you get to hear from him.
is all "They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians"
"They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all
He did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that Fallujan militants were shooting at the Marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in Hay Al-Golan, but of course that is okay for Al-Jazeera.
He make an unforgivable error
make an unforgivable error He
an unforgivable error He make
Someone who called himself Abu Hafs from the Ibn Al-Khattab Brigades (another new group) was on Al-Jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the Marines and he sweared that American soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents.
Over 300 Iraqis are reported dead and 500 reported wounded in Fallujah alone.
reported Over 300 Iraqis in Fallujah alone
Over 300 Iraqis in Fallujah alonereported
reported in Fallujah aloneOver 300 Iraqis
Al-Iraqiyah tv said that ICDC were controlling Ramadi.
Al-Iraqiyah tv said
said Al-Iraqiyah tv
Azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin, an Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad', in which he stated that "although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam, but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions".
mentioned an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin, an Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad', in which he stated that "although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam, but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions"Azzaman newspaper
an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin, an Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad', in which he stated that "although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam, but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions"Azzaman newspaper mentioned
Azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin, an Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad', in which he stated that "although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam, but in this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions"
He added that "America does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation, they were kicked out of Somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in Mogadishu for the whole world to see", and that "the day will come when the dead bodies of Americans and Jews would be dragged, defiled, and stepped on in the Arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters".
He added
added He
Elena's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history.
revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in historyElena's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl
interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in historyElena's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl revived
Elena's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in historyrevived
We all know what happened, but even to this day, there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout.
know We all
We all know
UPDATE:
Now you can tour Chernobyl and write your own story.
Chernobyl you tour
Chernobyl tour you
tour you Chernobyl
This is not a post about fault-finding or assigning blame.
This is not a post
is not a post This
It is a time to learn what happened and how it may affect the future.
is a time It
It is a time
There was a soothing authoritative UNSCEAR (United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of Chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation-related health effects to most people exposed.
This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following:
by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society This in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the followingpromoted
This promoted in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the followingby the Australasian Radiation Protection Society
in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the followingpromoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society This
One of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the Chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions, and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation.
is One of the most widespread myths of recent times
One of the most widespread myths of recent times is
Many people still believe that to be true, even though the Ministry of Russian Federation on Civil Defence, Emergencies and Elimination of Conseguences of Natural Disasters (EMERCOM of Russia) reported this in 1996:
Many people that believe
believe that Many people
that believe Many people
CHERNOBYL ACCIDENT: TEN YEARS ON
In the last decade, there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and, to a certain extent, adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former Soviet Union (Wi940) which should be attributed to the Chernobyl accident until proven otherwise.
The prestigious IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects.
The prestigious IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources published
an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources published The prestigious IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency)
The prestigious IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources
However, in April 2001, the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reports.
published the IAEA Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reportsin April 2001
Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reportsin April 2001published the IAEA
in April 2001published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reportsthe IAEA
Here are some excerpts:
some excerptsHere are
Here are some excerpts
The dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine, which have been observed since 1991, continues to this day.
The dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine, which have been observed since 1991continues to this day
The dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine, which have been observed since 1991to this daycontinues
continues to this dayThe dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine, which have been observed since 1991
...a drop in the birth rate, a deterioration in women's reproductive health, an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth, and a deterioration in neonatal health....
The dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl accident in all three countries - Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies: the morbidity rate is going up, the number of really healthy children is dropping, and disability is increasing .
by persistent negative tendencies: the morbidity rate is going up, the number of really healthy children is dropping, and disability is increasing The dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl accident in all three countries - Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine - in the post-accident period characterized
characterized by persistent negative tendencies: the morbidity rate is going up, the number of really healthy children is dropping, and disability is increasing The dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl accident in all three countries - Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine - in the post-accident period
The dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl accident in all three countries - Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine - in the post-accident period by persistent negative tendencies: the morbidity rate is going up, the number of really healthy children is dropping, and disability is increasing characterized
As a parent, I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning.
As a parentI how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoningimagine
I imagine As a parenthow painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning
As a parentimagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoningI
There is a lot to learn about Chernobyl.
is a lot to learn about Chernobyl
a lot to learn about Chernobylis
Being well-informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports.
give certainty you
give you certainty
certainty you give
There are a wealth of references on Chernobyl.
a wealth of references on Chernobylare
are a wealth of references on Chernobyl
Read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions.
Read some of the following links
some of the following links Read
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl:
present These links the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl
the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobylpresent These links
the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called ChernobylThese links present
IAEA Report Lessons learned
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing.
be interested I
I be interested
radiation:
As a child in the 50's I had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy (primitive at best!) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging--they said it was not CA but stopped the treatments....
As a child in the 50's a lot of glandular problems I had
As a child in the 50's had a lot of glandular problems I
As a child in the 50's a lot of glandular problems had I
Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray?
the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xrayRemember
Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray
That too was stopped.
That stopped
stoppedThat
Don't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks--there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl.......
The Chernobyl Children's Project (http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp) offers several ways to help the children of that region.
several ways to help the children of that regionThe Chernobyl Children's Project (http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp) offers
several ways to help the children of that regionoffers The Chernobyl Children's Project (http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp)
offers several ways to help the children of that regionThe Chernobyl Children's Project (http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp)
One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program, wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer.
Even a little time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care, etc. can add years to their lives.
Even a little time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care, etc. years to their livesadd
years Even a little time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care, etc. add to their lives
to their livesyears Even a little time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care, etc. add
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years; to see these little ones breaks the heart.
an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many yearshave S. and I
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years
an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many yearsS. and I have
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have.
is almost overwhelmingThe urge to protect and gather them all in
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming
Take care, my friend, Linda
Take my friendcare
my friendTake care
my friendcareTake
I'm sorry to say Elena's story has been revealed to be a fake.
'm sorry I
I'm sorry
What do the new al-Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization?
us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organizationWhat tell the new al-Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri
us What the new al-Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri tell about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization
What us the new al-Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri tell about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization
Because the US and Pakistan have managed to capture or kill about 2/3s of the top 25 al-Qaeda commanders, the middle managers are not in close contact with al-Zawahiri and Bin Laden.
in close contact the middle managers
the middle managers in close contact
The tape was a way to signal priorities.
The tape was a way
was a way The tape
These are 1) Assassinate or overthrow Gen. Pervez Musharraf, the Pakistani military "president" who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the United States against the Taliban and al-Qaeda.
These are
are These
Musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al-Qaeda sympathizers.
trying Musharraf
Musharraf trying
His military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US.
captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the USHis military intelligence
His military intelligence major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the UScaptured
major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the UScaptured His military intelligence
Musharraf held elections in October of 2002, in which center-right parties did well, but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition, MMA.
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province, which probably shelters Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri, and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province, also on the Afghanistan border.
the Northwest Frontier Province, which probably shelters Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri, and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province, also on the Afghanistan borderMMA captured
MMA captured the Northwest Frontier Province, which probably shelters Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri, and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province, also on the Afghanistan border
the Northwest Frontier Province, which probably shelters Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri, and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province, also on the Afghanistan bordercaptured MMA
If al-Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers, they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts.
hope they
they hope
They would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is also a nuclear power.
They control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is also a nuclear powergain
gain control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is also a nuclear powerThey
gain They control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is also a nuclear power
All this is highly unlikely, as with most al-Qaeda crackpot schemes.
is highly unlikelyAll this as with most al-Qaeda crackpot schemes
All this as with most al-Qaeda crackpot schemesis highly unlikely
as with most al-Qaeda crackpot schemesis highly unlikelyAll this
But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take over Afghanistan.
Response: The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government.
On the one hand, it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election, and to repeal the contentious "Legal Framework Order" that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship.
pressure Musharraf it
it pressure Musharraf
it Musharraf pressure
On the other, restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People's Party, who can defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police.
lifted on the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People's Party, who can defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret policeOn the otherrestrictions
on the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People's Party, who can defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret policeOn the otherrestrictions lifted
restrictions On the otheron the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People's Party, who can defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret policelifted
On the other hand, the US should strong-arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue.
into a final settlement of the Kashmir issueIndia and Pakistan On the other handarm the US
On the other handinto a final settlement of the Kashmir issuethe US India and Pakistan arm
the US into a final settlement of the Kashmir issuearm India and Pakistan On the other hand
Al-Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf's lack of progress in helping the Muslims of that Indian state as a justification for his overthrow.
Al-Zawahiri attempted
attempted Al-Zawahiri
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism, and even the threat of nuclear war, than Iraq ever did.
far more terrorism, and even the threat of nuclear war, than Iraq ever didgenerates The Kashmir issue
generates The Kashmir issue far more terrorism, and even the threat of nuclear war, than Iraq ever did
The Kashmir issue far more terrorism, and even the threat of nuclear war, than Iraq ever didgenerates
2) Target Israel and encourage the worst elements of the Palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon government.
Israel Target
Target Israel
Response: The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas, and started the process of cutting off its funding.
This terrorist organization can now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks.
This terrorist organization pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks
pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacksThis terrorist organization
far less sophisticated bombings and attackspull off This terrorist organization
It should continue to be defanged.
continue It
It continue
But Sharon's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace, and the Bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on Sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the West Bank and Gaza.
as a means of establishing general peaceSharon's iron fist working
Sharon's iron fist working as a means of establishing general peace
as a means of establishing general peaceworking Sharon's iron fist
Sharon's hard line has worked in tandem with Hamas's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further, which spill over into the Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al-Qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the United States.
worked in tandem with Hamas's terrorism Sharon's hard line
Sharon's hard line worked in tandem with Hamas's terrorism
in tandem with Hamas's terrorism worked Sharon's hard line
Israel owes the United States at least this much, in this crisis, to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace.
3) Make Iraq another Afghanistan, using the Republican Right's own tactics against them.
Make Iraq
Iraq Make
Response: Iraq is actually hostile territory for al-Qaeda, and without Iraqi sympathizers it cannot succeed there.
By moving quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement of Iraqi lives, the US may be able to get Iraqis on its side, so that they turn in the foreigners.
the US be able
be able the US
Certainly, the Shiites already hate al-Qaeda and would help; likewise the Kurds.
hate the Shiites al-Qaeda
al-Qaeda hate the Shiites
al-Qaeda the Shiites hate
The problem of mollifying the Sunnis, though, has to be solved to avoid giving al-Qaeda an entrée.
has The problem of mollifying the Sunnis
The problem of mollifying the Sunnishas
The Americans have to put away their free-market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into Iraqi households.
have The Americans
The Americans have
We need an FDR in Iraq, not a Ronald Reagan.
Of course, the sooner the US soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less-provocative local or international forces, the better.
Getting the Spanish out of Iraq isn't nearly as good a rallying cry for al-Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out.
The thing to keep in mind is that Sunni Arab nationalists and Baathists and local Sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the US in Iraq than al-Qaeda infiltrators, and it would be dangerous to take one's eyes off the former ball.
is The thing to keep in mind
The thing to keep in mind is
George W. Bush alleged Thursday that John Edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president.
alleged George W. Bush Thursday
George W. Bush alleged Thursday
Thursday George W. Bush alleged
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000, so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard.
is The problem with this argument
The problem with this argument is
Let's just remember a seminal Bush moment in 1999:
's Let
Let's
' Bush fails reporter's pop quiz on international leaders
fails reporter's pop quiz on international leaders Bush
fails Bush reporter's pop quiz on international leaders
reporter's pop quiz on international leaders Bush fails
November 5, 1999
Web posted at: 3:29 p.m. EST (2029 GMT)
posted at: 3:29 p.m. EST (2029 GMT) Web
Web posted at: 3:29 p.m. EST (2029 GMT)
at: 3:29 p.m. EST (2029 GMT) posted Web
WASHINGTON (CNN) --
Texas Gov. George W. Bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots, but President Bill Clinton says Bush "should, and probably will, pick up" those names.
Texas Gov. George W. Bush sharp criticism enduring
enduring Texas Gov. George W. Bush sharp criticism
enduring sharp criticism Texas Gov. George W. Bush
The front-runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller, a political reporter for WHDH-TV in Boston.
Thursday faltered in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller, a political reporter for WHDH-TV in BostonThe front-runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination
in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller, a political reporter for WHDH-TV in BostonThe front-runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination Thursday faltered
Thursday The front-runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller, a political reporter for WHDH-TV in Bostonfaltered
Hiller asked Bush to name the leaders of Chechnya, Taiwan, India and Pakistan.
Bush Hiller asked
Hiller asked Bush
asked Hiller Bush
Bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of Taiwan, referring to Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui simply as "Lee."
Bush was only able
was only able Bush
He could not name the others.
name the othersHe
name He the others
the othersname He
"Can you name the general who is in charge of Pakistan?"
you the general who is in charge of Pakistanname
name you the general who is in charge of Pakistan
name the general who is in charge of Pakistanyou
Hiller asked, inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf, who seized control of the country October 12.
Hiller asked
askedHiller
"Wait, wait, is this 50 questions?" asked Bush.
Bushasked
asked Bush
Hiller replied: "No, it's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots." . . .
Hiller replied
repliedHiller
Bush, in answering the question about the leader of Pakistan, also said: "The new Pakistani general, he's just been elected -- not elected, this guy took over office.
saidBush
Bushsaid
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that's good news for the subcontinent."
Gore released a statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan's recent coup.
"I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as "good news," Gore said.
Gore said
saidGore
"Further, I find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.
I find
find I
A spokesman for President Clinton also criticized Bush's comments.
criticized Bush's commentsA spokesman for President Clinton
Bush's commentsA spokesman for President Clinton criticized
criticized A spokesman for President Clinton Bush's comments
"It is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments," said David Leavy, spokesman for the National Security Council.
said David Leavy, spokesman for the National Security Council
David Leavy, spokesman for the National Security Councilsaid
Not only did Bush not know who General Pervez Musharraf was, he seems to have confused coup-making with "taking office," and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the Pakistan military, then the world's strongest supporter of the Taliban, would bring "stability!"
seems he
he seems
Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir, so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger.
because of the military's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmirin part made Musharraf his coup
his coup made in part Musharraf because of the military's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir
his coup made because of the military's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmirin part Musharraf
I can't tell you how ominous I found Bush's performance in that interview.
tell I you
I you tell
you I tell
I still remember him stuttering about "the General," unable to remember Musharraf's name.
him remember I
him I remember
remember I him
He obviously had no idea what he was talking about, though he demonstrated a number of ill-fated instincts.
He had no idea
had no idea He
had He no idea
He obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy, equating dictatorship with "stability."
authoritarian rule He liked
liked authoritarian rule He
He liked authoritarian rule
And, he didn't think he needed to know anything about South Asia, with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics--the latter a dire security threat to the US.
he think
think he
He couldn't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less.
tell He
He tell
Musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with India in 2002, risking war twice that year.
went Musharraf
Musharraf went
Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11, under extreme duress from the US, elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself.
elements of his military continued
continued elements of his military
This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing "stability" to the region in fall of 1999.
This was the body
was the body This
So, one answer to Bush's charge about Edwards is that if it had any merit, Bush should have declined to run himself.
is one answer to Bush's charge about Edwards
one answer to Bush's charge about Edwards is
Another answer is that Edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than Bush did then.
is Another answer
Another answer is
Indeed, given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US, one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does.
one argue
argue one
This is what Edwards' campaign literature said about his positions: "Edwards believes that the U.S. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts, from reducing tensions between India and Pakistan to the peace process in Northern Ireland.
This is what
is what This
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel, and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians."
is a strong supporter Edwards
Edwards is a strong supporter
I don't see Bush doing any of this.
see I Bush
I see Bush
Bush I see
From Friday's Daily Star
By Juan Cole
Friday, June 04, 2004
As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis, some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti-American terrorism.
begun some
some begun
Israel, however, is much closer to Iraq and is likely to suffer from Iraqi instability much more acutely than will the United States.
Israelto Iraq is much closer
to Iraq is much closer Israel
is much closer to Iraq Israel
Ironically, among the strongest proponents of war in Iraq were Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the US.
proponents of war in Iraq were Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the US
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the USproponents of war in Iraq were
Have they, however, actually weakened Israeli security?
weakened theyIsraeli security
theyIsraeli securityweakened
Israeli securitytheyweakened
The biggest threat Israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of Palestinian national liberation movements.
The biggest threat Israel faces from conventional armies
from conventional armies The biggest threat Israel faces
The derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard-line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings.
The derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard-line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada suicide bombingsencouraged
encouraged suicide bombingsThe derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard-line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada
suicide bombingsencouraged The derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard-line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada
This, in turn, has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there.
discouraged international investment in Israel in turnThis
international investment in Israel discouraged in turnThis
Thisdiscouraged international investment in Israel in turn
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000, the radical Lebanese Shiite party, Hizbullah, has not been mollified.
mollifiedthe radical Lebanese Shiite party, Hizbullah
the radical Lebanese Shiite party, Hizbullahmollified
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters, and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms, a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war.
estimated It
It estimated
Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel's security environment must, therefore, closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare.
its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfareAny thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel's security environment examine
Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel's security environment its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfareexamine
examine Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel's security environment its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare
Although it is often alleged (without much evidence) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare, it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel.
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations.
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank by economic considerationsdriven
by economic considerationsdriven The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank driven by economic considerations
Saddam never did anything practical to help the Palestinians.
did anything practical Saddam
Saddam did anything practical
anything practical Saddam did
At some points, as in the late 1980s, he reportedly made behind-the-scenes overtures to the Israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal.
behind-the-scenes overtures he as in the late 1980sAt some pointsto the Israelis made
made he At some pointsbehind-the-scenes overtures as in the late 1980sto the Israelis
he as in the late 1980sAt some pointsbehind-the-scenes overtures made to the Israelis
He did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from Iraq.
allow Palestinian radicals He
allow He Palestinian radicals
Palestinian radicals He allow
By the late 1990s, Iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program, and had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles.
no nuclear or biological weapons programBy the late 1990sIraq had
Iraq had By the late 1990sno nuclear or biological weapons program
had no nuclear or biological weapons programIraq By the late 1990s
Its ramshackle army had virtually collapsed before the American invasion in 2003.
before the American invasion in 2003Its ramshackle army collapsed
before the American invasion in 2003collapsed Its ramshackle army
collapsed before the American invasion in 2003Its ramshackle army
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel, it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability.
The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration created a weak and failed state.
The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration a weak and failed statecreated
a weak and failed statecreated The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration
created a weak and failed stateThe bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration
Armed militias, many staffed by former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experience, have proliferated.
Armed militias, many staffed by former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experienceproliferated
proliferatedArmed militias, many staffed by former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experience
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, whose 15,000-strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards.
The US chose
chose The US
Anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currents.
is strong Anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currents
is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currentsAnti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling
among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currentsis strong Anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling
The more radical Shiites, who generally follow the theocratic notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, routinely chant and demonstrate against Israel.
The more radical Shiites, who generally follow the theocratic notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeinichant against Israel
chant The more radical Shiites, who generally follow the theocratic notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeiniagainst Israel
against Israelchant The more radical Shiites, who generally follow the theocratic notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini
They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, the leader of Hamas, last March.
the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, the leader of HamasThey last Marchprotested
They the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, the leader of Hamasprotested last March
protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, the leader of HamasThey last March
Worse for Israel, the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiites.
drew the assassination a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiites
the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiites
a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiitesthe assassination drew
These Shiite movements had been suppressed by Saddam Hussein's regime, but have now organized and armed themselves.
suppressed These Shiite movements by Saddam Hussein's regime
suppressed by Saddam Hussein's regimeThese Shiite movements
by Saddam Hussein's regimesuppressed These Shiite movements
They have also reestablished their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites.
reestablished their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian ShiitesThey
reestablished They their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites
their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiitesreestablished They
It is inevitable that most Iraqi Shiites will side with their Hizbullah coreligionists against Israel, and it seems likely that Iraqi Shiites will get rich enough from Iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll Lebanese Shiite radicals.
Sunni Arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the Palestinians and with Hamas, and those in Iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in Jordan and Palestine.
sympathize Sunni Arab fundamentalists with the Palestinians and with Hamas
Sunni Arab fundamentalists sympathize with the Palestinians and with Hamas
sympathize with the Palestinians and with HamasSunni Arab fundamentalists
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad, and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement, which is popular in Jordan.
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi truck route
truck route Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi
Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians, and those in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception.
Secular Arab nationalist groups sympathize with the Palestinians
sympathize Secular Arab nationalist groups with the Palestinians
with the Palestinianssympathize Secular Arab nationalist groups
Whereas Saddam Hussein's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control, they are now free to organize.
are now free they
they are now free
An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel.
security worry An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate
An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate security worry
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq, its citizens will be able to benefit from the country's petroleum reserves.
be able its citizens
its citizens be able
That private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites.
funneled That private wealth into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites
into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese ShiitesThat private wealth funneled
That private wealth funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites
Israel's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors, which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians.
Israel's security interests by peace with its neighbors, which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestiniansserved
served by peace with its neighbors, which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the PalestiniansIsrael's security interests
by peace with its neighbors, which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the PalestiniansIsrael's security interests served
Ariel Sharon's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence.
unprecedented rage and violenceAriel Sharon's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state created
unprecedented rage and violencecreated Ariel Sharon's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state
created unprecedented rage and violenceAriel Sharon's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state
The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world, including Iraq.
spread The anger throughout the Muslim world, including Iraq
The anger throughout the Muslim world, including Iraqspread
throughout the Muslim world, including Iraqspread The anger
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq - has profoundly weakened, not strengthened, Israeli security.
Israeli securityweakenedThe promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq weakenedIsraeli security
Israeli securityThe promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq weakened
Juan Cole (www.juancole.com) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of "Sacred Space and Holy War" (I.B. Tauris, 2002).
is a professor Juan Cole (www.juancole.com)
Juan Cole (www.juancole.com) is a professor
THE DAILY STAR publishes this commentary in agreement with Agence Global
this commentary in agreement with Agence Global THE DAILY STAR publishes
in agreement with Agence Global publishes THE DAILY STAR this commentary
this commentary in agreement with Agence Global publishes THE DAILY STAR
Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process
feel Tamils
Tamils feel
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making.
strong hints are in the country
strong hints in the country are
in the country are strong hints
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka.
drawn from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lankathis protests
this protests drawn from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka
this drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka
Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in 1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty.
the Indian peacekeeping force not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereigntywas immensely unpopular
the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty
not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereigntywas immensely unpopular the Indian peacekeeping force
India defensive over Sri Lanka
over Sri Lanka India defensive
India defensive over Sri Lanka
By Ranjit Devraj
NEW DELHI -
While India is ready to enter into a "defense cooperation agreement" with Sri Lanka, it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation's two decades-old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides.
it is wary
is wary it
And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four-day visit to India recently.
the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four-day visit to India recentlythat explains
that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four-day visit to India recently
explains that the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four-day visit to India recently
According to Professor S D Muni, South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University, the two-year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) are stalemated.
According to Professor S D Muni, South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru Universitystalematedthe two-year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE)
stalematedAccording to Professor S D Muni, South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru Universitythe two-year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE)
stalematedthe two-year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) According to Professor S D Muni, South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University
For that reason, he said, Kumaratunga's government was keen to beef up military preparedness with Indian support.
saidhe
he said
"The Sri Lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the LTTE from starting one.
The Sri Lankan government want
want The Sri Lankan government
And the Tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive," Muni told IPS.
IPStold Muni
told IPSMuni
Muni told IPS
Colombo held six rounds of talks with the Tigers between September 2002 and March 2003.
held between September 2002 and March 2003six rounds of talks with the Tigers Colombo
six rounds of talks with the Tigers Colombo held between September 2002 and March 2003
held six rounds of talks with the Tigers Colombo between September 2002 and March 2003
But last April, the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition, first, for the right to self-rule before proceeding any further.
the rebels last Aprilpulled out of negotiations
of negotiations the rebels last Aprilpulled out
last Aprilthe rebels pulled out of negotiations
Kumaratunga's India tour preceded a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002.
Kumaratunga's India tour in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen preceded
in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002Kumaratunga's India tour a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen preceded
Kumaratunga's India tour a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen preceded in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002
Petersen held discussions with both Kumaratunga and the reclusive LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi without success, and chief Tamil rebel negotiator Anton Balasingham and Norwegian envoy Erik Solheim held closed-door talks at the international airport late Saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track, diplomatic sources said.
diplomatic sources said
saiddiplomatic sources
But they, too, failed.
theyfailed
failedthey
Colombo, too, seems to be in an intractable position.
Colomboseems
seems Colombo
According to former Indian army general A S Kalkat, the difficulty for Kumaratunga's government lay in the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control.
According to former Indian army general A S Kalkatin the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its controllay the difficulty for Kumaratunga's government
According to former Indian army general A S Kalkatlay in the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its controlthe difficulty for Kumaratunga's government
lay in the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its controlthe difficulty for Kumaratunga's government According to former Indian army general A S Kalkat
A veteran of India's military intervention in the Jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 Indo-Sri Lanka Peace Accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable LTTE - Kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment.
Kalkat said
said Kalkat
Kalkat, who currently chairs the independent US-based International Council on Conflict Resolution, said despite the failure of the Indian army to disarm or even subdue the Tigers, India remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks.
said Kalkat, who currently chairs the independent US-based International Council on Conflict Resolution
Kalkat, who currently chairs the independent US-based International Council on Conflict Resolutionsaid
"The Norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the LTTE is keenly aware that they do not have the power [unlike India] to underwrite any arrangement," Kalkat told IPS in an interview.
Kalkat IPS told in an interview
told Kalkat IPS in an interview
Kalkat in an interviewIPS told
In 1987, the Tamil Tigers reluctantly accepted the peace accord under Indian pressure.
the peace accord In 1987accepted the Tamil Tigers under Indian pressure
the Tamil Tigers under Indian pressureIn 1987accepted the peace accord
under Indian pressureIn 1987accepted the peace accord the Tamil Tigers
Under the accord, a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east.
formed a new northeastern provincial council Under the accord
Under the accordformed a new northeastern provincial council
a new northeastern provincial council Under the accordformed
However, differences between India and LTTE soon surfaced and led to clashes between Tiger guerrillas and the Indian peace keeping force.
differences between India and LTTE surfaced
surfaced differences between India and LTTE
About 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict.
during this phase of the conflictkilled About 1,200 Indian soldiers
during this phase of the conflictAbout 1,200 Indian soldiers killed
killed About 1,200 Indian soldiers during this phase of the conflict
India had to pull back its forces from Sri Lanka in 1989 following the election of Ranasinghe Premadasa, a strong critic of Indian mediation.
India had
had India
Last June, an international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of US$4.5 billion.
an international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table Last Junedespite an aid package offer of US$4.5 billionfailed
Last Junean international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of US$4.5 billion
despite an aid package offer of US$4.5 billionan international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table Last Junefailed
Japan's special envoy, Yasushi Akashi, who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released, came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man.
Japan's special envoy, Yasushi Akashi, who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be releasedcame
came Japan's special envoy, Yasushi Akashi, who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released
He complained about the "visible lack of progress" and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides.
about the "visible lack of progress" and reaching an impasse in talks with both sidesHe complained
about the "visible lack of progress" and reaching an impasse in talks with both sidescomplained He
He complained about the "visible lack of progress" and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides
The Tigers' chief ideologue, Balasingham, sniffed at the proposal saying that "a solution to the ethnic conflict cannot be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences, but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces."
sniffed at the proposal The Tigers' chief ideologue, Balasingham
The Tigers' chief ideologue, Balasinghamat the proposal sniffed
The Tigers' chief ideologue, Balasinghamsniffed at the proposal
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making.
strong hints are in the country
in the country strong hints are
are in the country strong hints
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka.
protests drawn from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lankathis
from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lankadrawn protests this
protests from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lankathis drawn
"Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process," TNA member of parliament P Sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement.
TNA member of parliament P Sithamparanathan quoted
quoted TNA member of parliament P Sithamparanathan
She added that recent visits to the island by India's top military brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have "caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island".
She added
added She
But Kalkat pointed out that India would be ill-advised to be involved again, militarily, with Sri Lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic Tamils in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu - separated from Sri Lanka's Jaffna peninsula by the narrow Palk Straits.
pointed out Kalkat
Kalkat pointed out
Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in 1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty.
the Indian peacekeeping force not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereigntywas immensely unpopular
the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty
not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereigntythe Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular
The best option, now, under the present difficult circumstances is for Colombo to do its own dirty work, although New Delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion, ethnicity and language cannot be the basis for secession.
is under the present difficult circumstances The best option
under the present difficult circumstances The best optionis
The best optionis under the present difficult circumstances
In any case, Kalkat puts it succinctly: "There cannot be a military option to what is a political situation."
In any caseputs Kalkat
Kalkat In any caseputs
Kalkat puts In any case
Asia Times Online 16/11/2004
Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded.
the Valley of Kashmir seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded
an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recordedseen the Valley of Kashmir
the Valley of Kashmir an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recordedseen
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others used as urinals.
destroyedOver nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population destroyed
Thus far, none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development.
bothered none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world
none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world bothered
Musharraf calls the bluff
calls the bluff Musharraf
the bluff Musharraf calls
Musharraf the bluff calls
M.D. Nalapat
While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with, few have been as brazen as Colin Powell.
few as Colin Powellbeen as brazen
few been as brazen as Colin Powell
been as brazen as Colin Powellfew
Two years ago, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements.
was surprised Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf
Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised
As Pakistan's president had been telling the United States he was "forced" into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman, this was an embarrassment.
was an embarrassmentthis
this was an embarrassment
The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of Pakistan.
is The reality
The reality is
That distinction has now gone to the United States.
gone to the United StatesThat distinction
That distinction to the United Statesgone
to the United StatesThat distinction gone
Realists, and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott, who have long sought to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia, understand the only feasible solution for Kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo.
Realists, and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott, who have long sought to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia, understand
understand Realists, and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott, who have long sought to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia,
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China (which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago) do likewise.
keeps India
India keeps
Simultaneously, New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan.
ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second AfghanistanNew Delhi
New Delhi ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan
New Delhi a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistanensure
Bill Clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet, under Colin Powell (who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics), the pendulum of U.S. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the Valley of Kashmir loose from India.
Bill Clinton this at the end of his term in office understood
understood Bill Clinton this at the end of his term in office
at the end of his term in office Bill Clinton this understood
This, Pakistan's lobbyist in Washington Christina Rocca has been told, is the "minimum" that the Pakistan army will accept.
Thisis the "minimum
is the "minimumThis
It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can deliver.
It than what any administration in New Delhi can deliveris also far more
than what any administration in New Delhi can deliverIt is also far more
than what any administration in New Delhi can deliveris also far more It
This writer has for years regarded the best solution to the Kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a Hindu-majority Jammu, a Buddhist-dominated Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim Kashmir Valley, with the third state given little of taxpayers' money but substantial autonomy.
the best solution to the Kashmir problem for years regarded This writer
This writer regarded for years the best solution to the Kashmir problem
regarded for years This writer the best solution to the Kashmir problem
With luck, the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist, education and services haven within India.
attract the Kashmir Valley With luckinvestment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant
attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant the Kashmir Valley With luck
the Kashmir Valley With luckinvestment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant attract
The overwhelming majority of Muslims in Kashmir would be happy with such an outcome, except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army, which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in Bangladesh in 1971.
The overwhelming majority of Muslims in Kashmir with such an outcomeexcept for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army, which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in Bangladesh in 1971be happy
with such an outcomebe happy except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army, which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in Bangladesh in 1971The overwhelming majority of Muslims in Kashmir
except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army, which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in Bangladesh in 1971The overwhelming majority of Muslims in Kashmir be happy with such an outcome
Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded.
seen the Valley of Kashmir an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded
the Valley of Kashmir seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded
an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recordedseen the Valley of Kashmir
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others used as urinals.
destroyedOver nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population destroyed
Thus far, none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development.
none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world bothered
bothered none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world
Indeed, their reports are filled with tales of the "atrocities" of Indian troops on the innocent jihadis.
with tales of the "atrocities" of Indian troops on the innocent jihadistheir reports filled
filled with tales of the "atrocities" of Indian troops on the innocent jihadistheir reports
with tales of the "atrocities" of Indian troops on the innocent jihadisfilled their reports
Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy.
Despite Sept. 11as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happythe United States the Kashmir groups that back jihad supports
the United States as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happysupports the Kashmir groups that back jihad Despite Sept. 11
the Kashmir groups that back jihad the United States Despite Sept. 11as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happysupports
Unfortunately for them, the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad.
decided the general
the general decided
The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on Kashmir and, in most of them, the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova.
held The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead numerous conferences on Kashmir
held numerous conferences on Kashmir The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead
The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead numerous conferences on Kashmir held
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the "foreigner-led" Indian National Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism, has not struck the conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna.
struck the conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna
the conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Viennastruck
Despite many wrinkles, India remains a part-democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent Kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op-ed piece against Sonia Gandhi or Atal Behari Vajpayee would instantly.
remains India
India remains
It was the business community in India that stepped in after Vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002, pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was China.
The reason for this is that India is emerging as an alternative investment destination to China, hence the favor that the generals in Islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving India when in fact the real flashpoints are the Taiwan Straits and North Korea.
The reason for this is
is The reason for this
Since then, India has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement: a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with China as well.
talked peace Since thenIndia
India Since thentalked peace
peace India Since thentalked
Unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in South Asia, Pervez Musharraf has now called Colin Powell's bluff, challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the Indians jump to his commands.
called Colin Powell's bluffPervez Musharraf
Colin Powell's bluffcalled Pervez Musharraf
Pervez Musharraf Colin Powell's bluffcalled
Once the Manmohan Singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide, Musharraf will face the moment of truth: accept the inevitable, or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely Mumbai and New Delhi but London and Chicago as well.
face the moment of truthMusharraf
Musharraf the moment of truthface
the moment of truthMusharraf face
The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China.
is ChinaThe one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia
The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China
Under President Hu Jintao, Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year, making friends by formally accepting Sikkim as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council -- thus leaving Washington as the only one of the "permanent five" that has not yet done so.
Beijing opened out Under President Hu Jintaoto New Delhi
Beijing to New Delhi opened out Under President Hu Jintao
opened out to New Delhi Under President Hu JintaoBeijing
With Colin Powell around, the U.S. has no need of an Osama bin Laden
no need of an Osama bin Laden has the U.S.
the U.S. no need of an Osama bin Laden has
no need of an Osama bin Laden the U.S. has
M.D. Nalapat, an expert on jihad, is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education, India.
M.D. Nalapat, an expert on jihadis professor
is professor M.D. Nalapat, an expert on jihad
Washington Times 28/10/2004
Ok.
We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam.
We all know
know We all
Four whole months, after which he took advantage of a little-known, little-invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his "band of brothers".
We also know how Dan Rather libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on a "60 Minutes II" report based largely on forged documents.
We know
know We
During his time in the Guard, George Bush flew the F-102 Delta Dagger fighter-interceptor.
the F-102 Delta Dagger fighter-interceptorDuring his time in the Guardflew George Bush
George Bush the F-102 Delta Dagger fighter-interceptorflew During his time in the Guard
flew George Bush During his time in the Guardthe F-102 Delta Dagger fighter-interceptor
The F-102 saw service in the Vietnam theater between March 1962 and December 1969.
in the Vietnam theater saw The F-102 between March 1962 and December 1969service
saw service The F-102 in the Vietnam theater between March 1962 and December 1969
saw service in the Vietnam theater between March 1962 and December 1969The F-102
During this time, F-102 squadrons were based out of Tan Son Nhut, Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam, and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailand.
During this timeout of Tan Son Nhut, Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam, and Udorn and Don Muang in ThailandF-102 squadrons based
out of Tan Son Nhut, Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam, and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailandbased During this timeF-102 squadrons
out of Tan Son Nhut, Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam, and Udorn and Don Muang in ThailandDuring this timebased F-102 squadrons
( Click here for source. )
for sourceClick
Click for source
As far as George Bush knew, he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam.
transferred to Vietnamhe and his unit
he and his unit transferred to Vietnam
he and his unit to Vietnamtransferred
In all this so-called controversy, has anyone considered that perhaps George Bush just wanted to fly jets?
anyone In all this so-called controversyconsidered
In all this so-called controversyconsidered anyone
considered In all this so-called controversyanyone
And, let's remember, flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous!
's let
let's
They don't let just anybody do it.
just anybody let They
They let just anybody
They just anybody let
Some reporters (you know, the ones with journalistic ethics) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard.
the truth about George Bush's service in the Texas Air National GuardSome reporters (you know, the ones with journalistic ethics) uncovered
Some reporters (you know, the ones with journalistic ethics) uncovered the truth about George Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard
Some reporters (you know, the ones with journalistic ethics) the truth about George Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guarduncovered
For example, did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry?
For exampleknow you
you know For example
know For exampleyou
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine (thanks to Dave Manzano).
is the text What follows
What follows is the text
Read on to learn the facts.
Bush’s National Guard years
Before you fall for Dems’ spin, here are the facts
the facts here are
here are the facts
What do you really know about George W. Bush’s time in the Air National Guard?
know What you about George W. Bush’s time in the Air National Guard
know you What about George W. Bush’s time in the Air National Guard
know about George W. Bush’s time in the Air National Guardyou What
That he didn’t show up for duty in Alabama?
in Alabamafor duty he show up
he show up for duty in Alabama
he in Alabamafor duty show up
That he missed a physical?
he missed a physical
missed a physicalhe
he a physicalmissed
That his daddy got him in?
News coverage of the president’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else.
tended News coverage of the president’s years in the Guard
News coverage of the president’s years in the Guard tended
So just for the record, here, in full, is what Bush did:
The future president joined the Guard in May 1968.
the Guard The future president in May 1968joined
in May 1968The future president the Guard joined
The future president in May 1968the Guard joined
Almost immediately, he began an extended period of training.
he an extended period of trainingbegan
an extended period of trainingbegan he
began an extended period of traininghe
Six weeks of basic training.
Fifty-three weeks of flight training.
Twenty-one weeks of fighter-interceptor training.
That was 80 weeks to begin with, and there were other training periods thrown in as well.
was 80 weeks That
That was 80 weeks
It was full-time work.
By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years.
served Bush nearly two yearsBy the time it was over
By the time it was overBush served nearly two years
served By the time it was overBush nearly two years
Not two years of weekends.
Two years.
After training, Bush kept flying, racking up hundreds of hours in F-102 jets.
Bush kept After training
After trainingBush kept
Bush After trainingkept
As he did, he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements.
accumulated he points toward his National Guard service requirements
points toward his National Guard service requirementshe accumulated
he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements
At the time, guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation.
guardsmen At the timerequired
required guardsmen At the time
required At the timeguardsmen
According to records released earlier this year, Bush earned 253 points in his first year, May 1968 to May 1969 (since he joined in May 1968, his service thereafter was measured on a May-to-May basis).
According to records released earlier this yearMay 1968 to May 1969 253 points in his first yearBush earned
May 1968 to May 1969 253 points earned Bush According to records released earlier this yearin his first year
earned According to records released earlier this yearBush in his first year253 points May 1968 to May 1969
Bush earned 340 points in 1969-1970.
in 1969-1970340 points Bush earned
340 points in 1969-1970earned Bush
Bush earned 340 points in 1969-1970
[In other words, Bush earned enough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch in 1969-1970 alone.
Bush In other wordsearned in 1969-1970 aloneenough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch
enough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch Bush In other wordsearned in 1969-1970 alone
in 1969-1970 aloneIn other wordsenough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch Bush earned
- acd]
He earned 137 points in 1970-1971.
in 1970-1971He earned 137 points
in 1970-1971earned He 137 points
He in 1970-1971earned 137 points
And he earned 112 points in 1971-1972.
in 1971-1972he 112 points earned
112 points earned he in 1971-1972
earned he 112 points in 1971-1972
The numbers indicate that in his first four years, Bush not only showed up, he showed up a lot.
indicate The numbers
The numbers indicate
Did you know that?
know thatyou
thatyou know
know you that
That brings the story to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news reports — when Bush “deserted” (according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore) or went “AWOL” (according to Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee).
the story That brings to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news reports — when Bush “deserted” (according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore) or went “AWOL” (according to Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee)
That the story to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news reports — when Bush “deserted” (according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore) or went “AWOL” (according to Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee)brings
That brings to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news reports — when Bush “deserted” (according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore) or went “AWOL” (according to Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee)the story
Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign.
Bush for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaignasked
Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign
asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaignBush
His superior officers said OK.
said His superior officers OK
His superior officers OKsaid
said OKHis superior officers
Requests like that weren’t unusual, says retired Col. William Campenni, who flew with Bush in 1970 and 1971.
retired Col. William Campenni, who flew with Bush in 1970 and 1971says
says retired Col. William Campenni, who flew with Bush in 1970 and 1971
“In 1972, there was an enormous glut of pilots,” Campenni says.
saysCampenni
Campenni says
“The Vietnam War was winding down, and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs.
The Vietnam War winding down
winding downThe Vietnam War
In ’72 or ’73, if you were a pilot, active or Guard, and you had an obligation and wanted to get out, no problem.
In fact, you were helping them solve their problem.”
In factthem you helping
In factthem helping you
you In factthem helping
So Bush stopped flying.
stopped Bush
Bush stopped
From May 1972 to May 1973, he earned just 56 points — not much, but enough to meet his requirement.
From May 1972 to May 1973he just 56 points — not much, but enough to meet his requirementearned
just 56 points — not much, but enough to meet his requirementFrom May 1972 to May 1973he earned
earned From May 1972 to May 1973just 56 points — not much, but enough to meet his requirementhe
Then, in 1973, as Bush made plans to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School, he again started showing up frequently.
in 1973started he
he in 1973started
started he in 1973
In June and July of 1973, he accumulated 56 points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 year.
In June and July of 197356 points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 yearhe accumulated
he In June and July of 1973accumulated 56 points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 year
accumulated he 56 points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 yearIn June and July of 1973
Then, at his request, he was given permission to go.
permission to goat his requesthe given
given permission to goat his requesthe
permission to goat his requestgiven he
Bush received an honorable discharge after serving five years, four months and five days of his original six-year commitment.
received Bush an honorable discharge
an honorable discharge Bush received
Bush an honorable discharge received
By that time, however, he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service.
During his service, Bush received high marks as a pilot.
received During his serviceas a pilothigh marks Bush
high marks as a pilotDuring his servicereceived Bush
as a pilotBush received During his servicehigh marks
A 1970 evaluation said Bush “clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot” and was “a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership.”
A 1970 evaluation said
said A 1970 evaluation
A 1971 evaluation called Bush “an exceptionally fine young officer and pilot” who “continually flies intercept missions with the unit to increase his proficiency even further.”
A 1971 evaluation Bush called
called Bush A 1971 evaluation
called A 1971 evaluation Bush
And a 1972 evaluation called Bush “an exceptional fighter interceptor pilot and officer.”
called a 1972 evaluation Bush
called Bush a 1972 evaluation
Bush a 1972 evaluation called
Now, it is only natural that news reports questioning Bush’s service — in The Boston Globe and The New York Times, on CBS and in other outlets — would come out now.
Democrats are spitting mad over attacks on John Kerry’s record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.
over attacks on John Kerry’s record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for TruthDemocrats are spitting mad
over attacks on John Kerry’s record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truthare spitting mad Democrats
Democrats over attacks on John Kerry’s record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truthare spitting mad
And, as it is with Kerry, it’s reasonable to look at a candidate’s entire record, including his military service — or lack of it.
Voters are perfectly able to decide whether it’s important or not in November.
Voters are perfectly able
are perfectly able Voters
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans’ attack, but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons.
for the Swift boat veterans’ attackThe Kerry camp Bush blames
blames The Kerry camp Bush for the Swift boat veterans’ attack
Bush The Kerry camp blames for the Swift boat veterans’ attack
And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally questioned Bush’s service, while Bush has not personally questioned Kerry’s.
in passing noted
noted in passing
In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “has yet to explain to America whether or not, and tell the truth, about whether he showed up for duty.”
Kerry said In April
Kerry In April said
said In April Kerry
Earlier, Kerry said, “Just because you get an honorable discharge does not, in fact, answer that question.”
Kerry said
saidKerry
Now, after the Swift boat episode, the spotlight has returned to Bush.
returned to Bushafter the Swift boat episodethe spotlight
to Bushthe spotlight after the Swift boat episodereturned
to Bushreturned after the Swift boat episodethe spotlight
That’s fine.
That’s fine
’s fineThat
We should know as much as we can.
as much as we canknow We
We know as much as we can
know We as much as we can
And perhaps someday Kerry will release more of his military records as well.
release someday Kerry more of his military records
release Kerry someday more of his military records
Kerry someday release more of his military records
Byron York is a White House correspondent for National Review.
His column appears in The Hill each week.
His column each weekin The Hill appears
appears His column each weekin The Hill
His column appears in The Hill each week
One week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie, yet strikingly familiar.
I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week.
suspect I
I suspect
There is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30 January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives, but at the same time, many others are already dreading it.
is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30 January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives
no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30 January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their livesis
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections, but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 (or so) balloting centres.
The interim government promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections
promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of electionsThe interim government
security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of electionsThe interim government promised
Many voting centres have already been successfully attacked or destroyed in many areas.
in many areasMany voting centres attacked
attacked in many areasMany voting centres
in many areasattacked Many voting centres
Now that the picture is clear, the two main competing lists seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and Allawi's Al-Iraqiya list.
seem the two main competing lists
the two main competing lists seem
Ayad Allawi, and other ministers running on his list, have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning.
Ayad Allawi, and other ministers running on his listtheir governmental positions used in campaigning
their governmental positions Ayad Allawi, and other ministers running on his listin campaigningused
their governmental positions Ayad Allawi, and other ministers running on his listused in campaigning
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar 'gifts' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi, a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis.
a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis100 dollar 'gifts' One minister to journalists attending a press conference for Allawihanded out
a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis100 dollar 'gifts' handed out to journalists attending a press conference for AllawiOne minister
One minister handed out a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqisto journalists attending a press conference for Allawi100 dollar 'gifts'
Sheikh Naji Al-Abbudi, a spokesman for Sistani, affirmed the claims that the Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition list.
the claims that the Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition listSheikh Naji Al-Abbudi, a spokesman for Sistaniaffirmed
Sheikh Naji Al-Abbudi, a spokesman for Sistaniaffirmed the claims that the Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition list
the claims that the Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition listaffirmed Sheikh Naji Al-Abbudi, a spokesman for Sistani
Indeed, Sistani's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections, which has led to the assassination of at least two of them.
been quite active Sistani's agents all over the country
Sistani's agents all over the country been quite active
Al-Abbudi stated that "His Emminence" decided to openly support the list because "others" (obviously a reference to Allawi) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning.
Al-Abbudi stated
stated Al-Abbudi
Again there is no official written statement from Sistani's office confirming this allegation, which I think is intentional.
no official written statement from Sistani's office confirming this allegationis
is no official written statement from Sistani's office confirming this allegation
Ahmed Al-Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al-Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media.
Ahmed Al-Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al-Sha'lan over the mediaengaging in shrill public attacks
over the mediain shrill public attacks Ahmed Al-Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al-Sha'lan engaging
in shrill public attacks Ahmed Al-Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al-Sha'lan engaging over the media
Chalabi describing Sha'lan as a "Ba'athist" and a "former double agent for Saddam and the CIA", while Sha'lan dismisses Chalabi as a "thief" and an "Iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending Iran".
describing Chalabi as a "Ba'athist" and a "former double agent for Saddam and the CIA"Sha'lan
Sha'lan describing Chalabi as a "Ba'athist" and a "former double agent for Saddam and the CIA"
Sha'lan Chalabi describing as a "Ba'athist" and a "former double agent for Saddam and the CIA"
One remark made by Sha'lan on Al-Arabiya TV, that he couldn't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor.
One remark made by Sha'lan on Al-Arabiya TV, that he couldn't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers made
made One remark made by Sha'lan on Al-Arabiya TV, that he couldn't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers
It was an extremely amusing episode, watching Chalabi looking smug and amused, contrasted with Sha'lan, all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing.
was an extremely amusing episodeIt
It was an extremely amusing episode
Fistfights, please.
Hazim Al-Sha'lan, by the way, is the son of the late Sheikh of Al-Khaza'il in Diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister, M.S. Al-Sahaf, in his nonsensical media statements, which can be passed as jokes.
Hazim Al-Sha'lanis the son by the way
by the wayis the son Hazim Al-Sha'lan
Hazim Al-Sha'lanby the wayis the son
The main Kurdish coalition list (PUK and KDP) is barely mentioned outside the Kurdish region.
outside the Kurdish regionmentioned The main Kurdish coalition list (PUK and KDP)
mentioned The main Kurdish coalition list (PUK and KDP) outside the Kurdish region
The main Kurdish coalition list (PUK and KDP) mentioned outside the Kurdish region
Even there, many Kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power.
many Kurds look
look many Kurds
I doubt that will be the outcome though.
doubt I
I doubt
Many Iraqis, including conservative and religious Iraqis, are surprisingly rooting for the Iraqi Communist party, probably in an attempt to counter the influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National Assembly.
probably in an attempt to counter the influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National Assemblyfor the Iraqi Communist partyMany Iraqis, including conservative and religious Iraqisrooting
rooting for the Iraqi Communist partyprobably in an attempt to counter the influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National AssemblyMany Iraqis, including conservative and religious Iraqis
Many Iraqis, including conservative and religious Iraqisprobably in an attempt to counter the influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National Assemblyfor the Iraqi Communist partyrooting
The Communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in Iraq.
The Communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country
The Communist party the largest number of registered party members in the country has
has the largest number of registered party members in the country The Communist party
Its support base is much larger than what it seems.
is much larger Its support base
Its support base is much larger
Several candidates were assassinated and targeted these last two weeks, others have been forced under threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the Islamic party.
Several candidates assassinated these last two weeks
these last two weeksassassinated Several candidates
these last two weeksSeveral candidates assassinated
Sectarian tensions are at their highest since April, 2004, with Sunni insurgents now openly attacking Husseiniyas and Shia mosques.
Sectarian tensions since April, 2004at their highest
at their highest since April, 2004Sectarian tensions
since April, 2004Sectarian tensions at their highest
I had an interesting conversation with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya, Baghdad.
had I an interesting conversation with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya, Baghdad
I an interesting conversation with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya, Baghdadhad
an interesting conversation with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya, BaghdadI had
After asking me which tribe I belong to (thus assessing my sectarian background) he started hurling abuses at the Shia, calling them Persians, Majoos (fire worshippers), rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that I can't mention here.
started he
he started
He described Allawi's face as that of a f*ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and traitors.
described He as that of a f*ed horse Allawi's face
Allawi's face described He as that of a f*ed horse
described He Allawi's face as that of a f*ed horse
I didn't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess.
with him I argue
I argue with him
argue I with him
He said that resistance was the only commonsense solution.
He said
said He
First driving out the Americans, then fighting the Shia back into submission (as in 1991).
the Americansdriving out
driving out the Americans
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation.
Sunni Iraqis contend
contend Sunni Iraqis
Leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region, Sunnis have never offered an alternative choice, which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the Fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement.
offered Sunnis an alternative choice
an alternative choiceSunnis offered
an alternative choiceoffered Sunnis
I had another conversation some months ago with a retired Ba'athist old-timer who claimed that Ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an American withdrawal.
had another conversation with a retired Ba'athist old-timer who claimed that Ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an American withdrawalI
with a retired Ba'athist old-timer who claimed that Ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an American withdrawalhad I another conversation
I another conversation had with a retired Ba'athist old-timer who claimed that Ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an American withdrawal
On sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that Ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command, even though many have formed seperate cells (often under Islamic labels) with their own leaderships.
he asserted
asserted he
He said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbouring and regional governments.
said He
He said
I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates, along with the capital, if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely.
I concur
concur I
But I also see that as a fatal misconception, which is doing Sunnis harm, because I don't believe the US is going anywhere so soon.
as a fatal misconception, which is doing Sunnis harmsee I that
I that see as a fatal misconception, which is doing Sunnis harm
as a fatal misconception, which is doing Sunnis harmsee that I
Any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this, so not even Sistani is going to call the US to withdraw its troops, despite what he is saying now, not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture, or that they have an alternative foreign power (in this case Iran) to back them up.
The only hope now is that, following the elections, the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties.
is The only hope
The only hope is
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics, since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority.
I suggest
suggest I
Many of these Sheikhs have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years.
disenfranchised over the last two yearsMany of these Sheikhs
disenfranchised Many of these Sheikhs over the last two years
Many of these Sheikhs disenfranchised over the last two years
Very recently, US forces in Al-Anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing Abdul-Razaq Inad Al-Gu'ud, Sheikh of the Al-Bu Nimr clan from the powerful Dulaym tribe.
made a terrible blunder US forces in Al-Anbar
US forces in Al-Anbar a terrible blunder made
a terrible blunder US forces in Al-Anbar made
Al-Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government.
Al-Gu'ud elections favoured
favoured Al-Gu'ud elections
favoured elections Al-Gu'ud
The Gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of Al-Anbar governor some months back.
accepted The Gu'ud family
The Gu'ud family accepted
The Al-Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al-Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al-Dulaymi, an Air Force general belonging to their tribe.
against Saddam rose in the mid-nineties in arms The Al-Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al-Qaim following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al-Dulaymi, an Air Force general belonging to their tribe
in arms in the mid-nineties rose The Al-Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al-Qaim following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al-Dulaymi, an Air Force general belonging to their tribeagainst Saddam
in arms The Al-Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al-Qaim against Saddam following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al-Dulaymi, an Air Force general belonging to their tribein the mid-nineties rose
The revolt took two weeks to be suppressed by the Republican Guard.
took two weeks The revolt
two weeks The revolt took
The revolt took two weeks
Another bad step was the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al-Lihabi, of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of Al-Anbar, Mosul and Salah Al-Din.
was the recent arrest Another bad step
Another bad step was the recent arrest
Al-Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident.
running in elections Al-Lihaibi
in elections Al-Lihaibi running
Al-Lihaibi running in elections
I believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq.
national reconciliation believe I
believe national reconciliation I
believe I national reconciliation
The Shia cannot live without the Sunnis, and vice versa.
The Shia live without the Sunnis
The Shia without the Sunnislive
without the SunnisThe Shia live
Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other.
Both this country shared for the last 14 centuries
this country shared for the last 14 centuries Both
this country Both shared for the last 14 centuries
Even partition is not a possibility, there are no clear borders between the two.
Even partition is not a possibility
is not a possibilityEven partition
Remember Luis Posada Carriles ?
Luis Posada Carriles Remember
Remember Luis Posada Carriles
Here's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo, published yesterday.
a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo, published yesterdayHere's
Here's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo, published yesterday
("At first I hid a lot.
hid a lotI
a lotI hid
I a lothid
I thought the US government was looking for me.
thought I
I thought
Now I hide a lot less.")
I hide
hide I
Because of such talk, Posada has been taken into custody by Immigration officials.
taken by Immigration officialsinto custody Posada Because of such talk
by Immigration officialsinto custody taken Because of such talkPosada
taken Posada into custody Because of such talkby Immigration officials
I can't imagine they wanted to do this.
I imagine
imagine I
Authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about Posada's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug.
been happy Authorities
Authorities been happy
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country.
the official line stated
stated the official line
But comfortable among the thugs, Posada overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron, the US government.
overplayed his hand Posada
his hand Posada overplayed
Posada his hand overplayed
And though he'd been a faithful servant, he was not such a player that he could get away with that.
he was not such a player
was not such a player he
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiring.
taken from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiringa cue He
He from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiringa cue taken
taken He from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiringa cue
Posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like Meiring told the single American reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the Philippines, that "If this harms me in any way, you will find my power then, and you'll find out who I am."
told Posada something any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep
told something any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep Posada
any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep told Posada something
But then, maybe that wouldn't have saved him either, because Posada is not Meiring.
that him saved
saved him that
saved that him
Posada can be given up, but Meiring can't.
Posada given up
given upPosada
Meiring's crimes are fresh, and wave the false flag which is the "War on Terror."
Meiring's crimes are fresh
are freshMeiring's crimes
They happened in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other.
happened They in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other
happened in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each otherThey
They in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each otherhappened
(Ask Terry Nichols about the Philippines.)
Ask Terry Nichols about the Philippines
about the PhilippinesTerry Nichols Ask
Terry Nichols about the PhilippinesAsk
The bombings implicated Muslims, and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit.
The bombings implicated Muslims
Muslimsimplicated The bombings
The bombings Muslimsimplicated
Posada's crimes, on the other hand, must seem like ancient history, especially to a people who don't know their history.
on the other handespecially to a people who don't know their historylike ancient historyPosada's crimesseem
like ancient historyon the other handespecially to a people who don't know their historyPosada's crimesseem
Posada's crimeslike ancient historyon the other handespecially to a people who don't know their historyseem
And to those who don't even know their crimes, not even that.
But will Posada be given up?
given upPosada
Posada given up
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela, which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes.
I doubt
doubt I
I expect it will be determined that, under "Strong Man" Hugo Chavez, Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial.
expect I
I expect
The hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi-like puppet in Caracas.
The hope be
be The hope
Whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference; justice would not be served then.
served justice
justice served
But Posada's nearly 80 years old, and the Venezuelan people will ensure that's a vain hope.
So instead Posada may be held indefinitely, in comfortable custody.
held in comfortable custodyPosada
held Posada in comfortable custody
in comfortable custodyPosada held
An embarrassment to the US still, just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about Miami, gloating in his freedom.
Meiring is more than an embarrassment.
is more than an embarrassmentMeiring
Meiring is more than an embarrassment
is more Meiring than an embarrassment
His case threatens the consensus fiction of the "War on Terror."
threatens His case the consensus fiction of the "War on Terror
threatens the consensus fiction of the "War on TerrorHis case
the consensus fiction of the "War on TerrorHis case threatens
So his name will remain unspoken.
remain his name
his name remain
Another connection to Philippine terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the 1980s- is alleged in the book Disposable Patriot, by Jack Terrell.
alleged Another connection to Philippine terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the 1980sin the book Disposable Patriot, by Jack Terrell
alleged in the book Disposable Patriot, by Jack TerrellAnother connection to Philippine terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the 1980s
Another connection to Philippine terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the 1980salleged in the book Disposable Patriot, by Jack Terrell
Terrell, a CIA asset originally recruited for the Contra effort, identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the Philippine scheme as Oliver North...
as Oliver NorthTerrell, a CIA asset originally recruited for the Contra effortidentifies the man attempting to recruit him into the Philippine scheme
Terrell, a CIA asset originally recruited for the Contra effortas Oliver Norththe man attempting to recruit him into the Philippine scheme identifies
the man attempting to recruit him into the Philippine scheme identifies Terrell, a CIA asset originally recruited for the Contra effortas Oliver North
I seem to recall the object was to smuggle explosives.
seem I
I seem
I've read the book- it's a first person memoir with the ring of truth, especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of Contra drug connections that led to Terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the TWIG counterintelligence group that ran interference for the Contra effort, staffed by covert ops types including Ollie North, Robert Owen, Vince Cannistaro and Buck Revell.
read the bookI
read Ithe book
the bookIread
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics.
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics
includes Peter Dale Scott an account of how Terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics
an account of how Terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politicsincludes Peter Dale Scott
... same ole, same ole...
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym, therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson, the prosecution had a problem.
had a problemthe prosecution
a problemthe prosecution had
a problemhad the prosecution
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson.
someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilsonneeded They
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson
needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on WilsonThey
Wilson was claiming that he had been working for the CIA when he sold the C-4 to Quaddaffi.
Wilson claiming
claiming Wilson
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the 'Office of Naval Intelligence'.
The prosecution charging
charging The prosecution
Wilson had been able to show that he'd had more than 80 "non-social contacts" with the CIA since his retirement in 1971, leaving the prosecution's case in turmoil.
Wilson been able
been able Wilson
Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue.
to the rescueCharles A. Briggs came
came Charles A. Briggs to the rescue
to the rescuecame Charles A. Briggs
Third ranking CIA officer, Briggs signed a declaration on February 3rd, 1983, that on November 8th, 1982, he had authorized a search of CIA records "for any material that in any way pertains to Edwin P. Wilson, or the various allegations concerning his activities after February 28th, 1971, when he retired from the CIA."
The Briggs Declaration states that with one exception in 1972, Wilson did not work "directly or indirectly" for the CIA since retiring.
The Briggs Declaration states
states The Briggs Declaration
Last week, Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston, Texas, threw out Wilson's two-decades old conviction.
Wilson's two-decades old convictionFederal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston, TexasLast weekthrew out
Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston, Texasthrew out Last weekWilson's two-decades old conviction
Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston, TexasLast weekthrew out Wilson's two-decades old conviction
Judge Hughes wrote: `government knowingly used false evidence against him,' concluding `honesty comes hard to government.'
wroteJudge Hughes
Judge Hughes wrote
looks like it is rearing its head again in Louisianna..
Former Pastor, Deputy Implicated In Church Child Sex Abuse
Former Pastor, Deputy Implicated In Church Child Sex Abuse
Implicated Former Pastor, Deputy In Church Child Sex Abuse
Implicated In Church Child Sex Abuse Former Pastor, Deputy
PONCHATOULA, La. --
Sheriff's deputies in Louisiana made a third arrest Wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a Ponchatoula, La., church.
in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a Ponchatoula, La., churcha third arrest made Wednesday Sheriff's deputies in Louisiana
made Wednesday a third arrest in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a Ponchatoula, La., churchSheriff's deputies in Louisiana
in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a Ponchatoula, La., churchmade Wednesday Sheriff's deputies in Louisiana a third arrest
Austin Aaron Bernard III, 36, was arrested on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under the age of 13.
Austin Aaron Bernard III, 36arrested on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under the age of 13
Austin Aaron Bernard III, 36on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under the age of 13arrested
on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under the age of 13arrested Austin Aaron Bernard III, 36
Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church.
Police said
said Police
Tangipahoa Parish sheriff's deputy Christopher Blair Labat, 24, was booked Tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature.
booked Tuesday Tangipahoa Parish sheriff's deputy Christopher Blair Labat, 24on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature
booked on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against natureTangipahoa Parish sheriff's deputy Christopher Blair Labat, 24Tuesday
on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against naturebooked Tuesday Tangipahoa Parish sheriff's deputy Christopher Blair Labat, 24
On Monday, Louis Lamonica, 45, the former pastor of Hosanna Church, was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago.
Louis Lamonica, 45, the former pastor of Hosanna ChurchOn Mondaybooked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature
Louis Lamonica, 45, the former pastor of Hosanna Churchbooked On Mondaywith two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature
booked Louis Lamonica, 45, the former pastor of Hosanna Churchwith two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature On Monday
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose.
We in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purposehave
in the northwest have with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purposeWe
have We in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose
If I was Rummy I'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there.
Posada to Iraq send I
to Iraq Posada Isend
to Iraq send IPosada
yeah, "things"...
Yesterday evening, the Posada story was featured in the public television news show in Germany (ARD, Tagesthemen).
the Posada story in the public television news show (ARD, Tagesthemen)Yesterday eveningin Germany featured
in the public television news show the Posada story in Germany Yesterday eveningfeatured (ARD, Tagesthemen)
in the public television news show Yesterday eveningin Germany (ARD, Tagesthemen)featured the Posada story
The newly released papers, showing him complicit in the airliner bombing, were mentioned
The newly released papers, showing him complicit in the airliner bombingmentioned
mentioned The newly released papers, showing him complicit in the airliner bombing
Now that's a post I can relate to.
's a post that
that's a post
You really got me thinking, I enjoy reading this blog.
got me You
got You me
You me got
I don't know how others feel, but I'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option.
know I
I know
The good Ã³l US of A aint what it used to be.
aint what The good Ã³l US of A
The good Ã³l US of A aint what
I like yuor blog.
yuor bloglike I
yuor blogI like
like I yuor blog
Please check out my who let the dog out blog.
my who let the dog out blogcheck out
check out my who let the dog out blog
hey that's a great blog, I also have a site about los angeles online dating
that's a great blog
's a great blogthat
you can check it out : los angeles online dating
This is a excellent blog.
This is a excellent blog
is a excellent blogThis
Keep it going.
Keep it
it Keep
This may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service.
of interest This
This of interest
It pretty much covers dating stuff.
dating stuffIt covers
It covers dating stuff
covers dating stuffIt
I'll be sure to come back.
Ibe sure
be sure I
Hey I just love your blog.
love your blogI
love I your blog
your blogI love
I also have a dating advice blog/site.
a dating advice blog/siteI have
I a dating advice blog/sitehave
a dating advice blog/sitehave I
I mostly deals with dating advice
I with dating advice deals
with dating advice deals I
deals I with dating advice
Please come and check it out if you get the time!
I was searching for dog food info and found this post.
I searching for dog food info
searching for dog food info I
for dog food info searching I
I agree totally!
I agree
agree I
How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom-Designed To YOUR Specifications.........And At NO COST To You?
You Like
Like You
You CAN Do It.
Do ItYou
You Do It
ItYou Do
And It's Not Hard To Do.... IF You Know HOW.
Don't Let This Pass You By Without At Least Taking A Look.
This Let
Let This
The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $21,000...... And......You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You.
The Only Catch Is
Is The Only Catch
+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
Indian intelligence under scrutinycome
under scrutinyIndian intelligence come
Indian intelligence come under scrutiny
In recent months, its fallibility has become evident.
its fallibility become
become its fallibility
The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence failure. +
are glaring examples The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy
The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchyare glaring examples
Trouble on India's islands
Ramtanu Maitra
In early February, India charged 34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar with hiding in the Landfall Islands, part of the Andaman Islands group (see end note).
In early Februarycharged India 34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar
34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar charged In early FebruaryIndia
In early FebruaryIndia charged 34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar
These alleged members of the Arakan Army, the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar, have been charged with illegal entry.
charged with illegal entryThese alleged members of the Arakan Army, the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar
with illegal entryThese alleged members of the Arakan Army, the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmarcharged
These alleged members of the Arakan Army, the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmarwith illegal entrycharged
It is likely, but not certain, that they will be deported to Myanmar.
But the news of the Arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in New Delhi over the security of the Andaman Islands.
is just the tip the news of the Arakan rebels
the news of the Arakan rebels is just the tip
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels.
in the intelligence community Reports circulating
Reports circulating in the intelligence community
Reports in the intelligence community circulating
It has also become an arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea.
Information pointing in this direction came to light after the December 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the Andamans.
to light after the December 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the AndamansInformation pointing in this direction came
after the December 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the Andamanscame to light Information pointing in this direction
to light came after the December 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the AndamansInformation pointing in this direction
Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the Indian navy's Far Eastern Naval Command, now being established along with India's "blue water navy".
Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found
found Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami
Deteriorating security
Security problems in the Andaman Sea are not new, but they have deteriorated during the past few years, in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan, and particularly in the northeastern Indian states of Manipur, Nagaland and Tripura.
are not newSecurity problems in the Andaman Sea
Security problems in the Andaman Sea are not new
While the Indian army has become rock-solid in the western front, and has developed the capability of withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector, it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector, where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist, terrorist and drug-running militants operating between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh.
become it
it become
The Andaman Sea is a major conduit for this traffic, and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group are a natural transit base.
is a major conduit The Andaman Sea
The Andaman Sea is a major conduit
The drugs and arms travel in all directions.
travel in all directionsThe drugs and arms
travel The drugs and arms in all directions
The drugs and arms in all directionstravel
Since the "Sea Tigers" of the LTTE, better known as the Tamil Tigers, are the ones who rule the Andaman Sea: they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africa.
the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africathey carry
carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africathey
carry for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africathey the arms and drugs
It is old news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa.
This is not unknown to New Delhi.
is not unknown to New DelhiThis
to New DelhiThis is not unknown
is not unknown This to New Delhi
A recent report by a journalist from Port Blair, in the Andamans, quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from Myanmar, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using fake Indian ration cards, while citizens of Thailand, China, Indonesia and Malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave.
A recent report by a journalist from Port Blair, in the Andamansan unnamed official saying that foreigners from Myanmar, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using fake Indian ration cards, while citizens of Thailand, China, Indonesia and Malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leavequoted
an unnamed official saying that foreigners from Myanmar, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using fake Indian ration cards, while citizens of Thailand, China, Indonesia and Malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leaveA recent report by a journalist from Port Blair, in the Andamansquoted
an unnamed official saying that foreigners from Myanmar, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using fake Indian ration cards, while citizens of Thailand, China, Indonesia and Malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leavequoted A recent report by a journalist from Port Blair, in the Andamans
"Port Blair, Havelock Islands, Diglipur, Middle Nicobar, Campbell's Bay, Neil Islands and Rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners," he said.
saidhe
he said
An official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 "foreigners" in the Andaman Islands, but unofficial figures are much higher than this.
suggests An official estimate issued in 2003
An official estimate issued in 2003 suggests
A large number of them are Bangladeshis, who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere.
are BangladeshisA large number of them
A large number of them are Bangladeshis
As most of them have few technical skills, and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case, they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities.
they to smuggling and other unlawful activitiesturn
to smuggling and other unlawful activitiesthey turn
turn to smuggling and other unlawful activitiesthey
The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns, cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous.
The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns, cash and drugs makes the situation
makes the situation The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns, cash and drugs
The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns, cash and drugs the situation makes
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on-the-ground intelligence, and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands.
Reports from Port Blair make
make Reports from Port Blair
One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying, "Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region."
One unnamed naval officer quoted
quoted One unnamed naval officer
Considering the islands' huge strategic importance, it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been.
is amazing how lax New Delhi has been
how lax New Delhi has beenis amazing
These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia.
These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia
sit These islands aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia
These islands aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asiasit
Intelligence lapses
As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
Indian intelligence come under scrutiny
under scrutinyIndian intelligence come
Indian intelligence under scrutinycome
In recent months, its fallibility has become evident.
become its fallibility
its fallibility become
The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence failure.
The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchyare glaring examples
are glaring examples The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy
With growing economic and military power, India will be dependent on smaller nations in the region increasingly to maintain regional security.
be dependent on smaller nations in the region With growing economic and military powerIndia
India With growing economic and military powerbe dependent on smaller nations in the region
India With growing economic and military poweron smaller nations in the region be dependent
Unless New Delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels, secessionists, drug runners and arms traffickers, it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations.
generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nationsit
it generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations
generate it much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations
In fact, it would tend to encourage more organized anti-India outfits, such as the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) and outside-linked Maoists, to exploit these networks and weaken India's eastern flank.
it tend In fact
tend In factit
tend it In fact
Indian intelligence's lackluster performance in dealing with the LTTE is startling.
Indian intelligence's lackluster performance in dealing with the LTTE is startling
is startlingIndian intelligence's lackluster performance in dealing with the LTTE
This formidable enemy, which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s, has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time.
This formidable enemy, which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980soperating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time
This formidable enemy, which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980sfor a long timein northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea operating
operating for a long timeThis formidable enemy, which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980sin northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea
In 2001, according to Indian army officials, security forces launched a wide-ranging operation in the 300-some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobar, and found huge caches of arms.
according to Indian army officialsa wide-ranging operation in the 300-some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobarlaunched security forces In 2001
according to Indian army officialssecurity forces a wide-ranging operation in the 300-some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobarlaunched In 2001
In 2001security forces launched a wide-ranging operation in the 300-some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobaraccording to Indian army officials
The arms were said to belong to the LTTE and "other terrorist groups".
The arms said
said The arms
The search-and-destroy operation was carried out by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombo.
after repeated requests from Colomboby the Indian government carried out The search-and-destroy operation
The search-and-destroy operation by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombocarried out
carried out after repeated requests from ColomboThe search-and-destroy operation by the Indian government
In addition, LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea is well known to local observers.
to local observersIn additionis well known LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea
is well known In additionto local observersLTTE activity in the Andaman Sea
LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea In additionto local observersis well known
The biggest LTTE maritime disaster was reported in the now-defunct Asiaweek in 2001.
in 2001The biggest LTTE maritime disaster reported in the now-defunct Asiaweek
reported The biggest LTTE maritime disaster in 2001in the now-defunct Asiaweek
The biggest LTTE maritime disaster reported in 2001in the now-defunct Asiaweek
A shipment of weapons, ammunition and explosives, believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollars, left the port of Phuket in Thailand in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex-Joux 3.
in early February 2001 the port of Phuket in Thailand left aboard the freighter Comex-Joux 3A shipment of weapons, ammunition and explosives, believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollars
in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex-Joux 3left A shipment of weapons, ammunition and explosives, believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollarsthe port of Phuket in Thailand
A shipment of weapons, ammunition and explosives, believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollarsthe port of Phuket in Thailand aboard the freighter Comex-Joux 3left in early February 2001
As is LTTE standard procedure, the vessel changed its name at sea to Horizon.
the vessel to Horizonchanged at sea its name
its name at sea the vessel to Horizonchanged
changed to Horizonat sea its name the vessel
On its journey across the Bay of Bengal the freighter was tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa-based spy planes of India's Aviation Research Center; it was intercepted by Indian naval vessels off Sri Lanka's east coast.
the freighter On its journey across the Bay of Bengal by the Indian navy and Orissa-based spy planes of India's Aviation Research Centertracked
the freighter On its journey across the Bay of Bengal tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa-based spy planes of India's Aviation Research Center
On its journey across the Bay of Bengal the freighter tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa-based spy planes of India's Aviation Research Center
LTTE arms-running
In 1997, the Thai navy reported the interception of a 16-meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition.
the interception of a 16-meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunitionthe Thai navy In 1997reported
the interception of a 16-meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunitionreported In 1997the Thai navy
the Thai navy reported the interception of a 16-meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunitionIn 1997
Among the weapons intercepted were two rocket-propelled-grenade launchers, 20 assault rifles, M-79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition.
two rocket-propelled-grenade launchers, 20 assault rifles, M-79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunitionweapons intercepted were
weapons intercepted were two rocket-propelled-grenade launchers, 20 assault rifles, M-79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition
Four persons were arrested, reportedly belonging to the Manipur Revolutionary People's Front.
arrestedFour persons
Four persons arrested
Six crew members were from the Arakan region of Myanmar.
Six crew members Arakan region
Arakan region Six crew members
The boat was heading toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh.
The boat toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladeshheading
The boat heading toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh
heading The boat toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh
Until 1995 the LTTE maintained a base at Twante, an island off the coat of Myanmar, west of the Andaman islands.
maintained Until 1995 at Twante, an island off the coat of Myanmar, west of the Andaman islandsthe LTTE a base
Until 1995 the LTTE at Twante, an island off the coat of Myanmar, west of the Andaman islandsa base maintained
a base the LTTE Until 1995 maintained at Twante, an island off the coat of Myanmar, west of the Andaman islands
Subsequently, Phuket became the LTTE's main backup base.
became Phuket
Phuket became
A Sri Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the LTTE.
by Thai authorities arrested for his links with the LTTEA Sri Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport in 2000
for his links with the LTTEin 2000 A Sri Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport arrested by Thai authorities
A Sri Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport in 2000 arrested for his links with the LTTEby Thai authorities
At the time of his arrest, the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a "submarine" in a shipyard on the island of Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast.
the suspect was allegedly involved At the time of his arrest
the suspect At the time of his arrestwas allegedly involved
was allegedly involved At the time of his arrestthe suspect
Steady buildup
The real threat to the Andaman Islands is the steady building-up of ports and conduits that serve the Tamil Tigers and a host of less-strong militant groups.
building-up The real threat to the Andaman Islands
The real threat to the Andaman Islands building-up
Over the past decade, Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness.
moved Over the past decadeinto a state of lawlessnessBangladesh
Bangladesh Over the past decadeinto a state of lawlessnessmoved
Bangladesh moved Over the past decadeinto a state of lawlessness
A number of extremist groups, under the cover of the Islamist movement, have become active in drug trafficking, gun running and anti-Indian activities.
become A number of extremist groups
A number of extremist groupsbecome
It is widely acknowledged that the Pakistani ISI has nurtured a number of extremist Islamist groups, such as the Harkat-ul-Jehad-al-Islami, in the port city of Chittagong, and put a number of secessionist rebels from India's northeast in touch with this terrorist network.
As a result, north of the Andaman Islands, Bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms.
Bangladeshi coastal areas become
become Bangladeshi coastal areas
A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the LTTE from Laos, Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong, from where they are transported northward by land to Bhutan.
A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate
indicate A pattern of arrests and seizures
The route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to Cox's Bazar passes through northern Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya, and on into Chittagong.
The route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to Cox's Bazar passes through northern Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya, and on into Chittagong
passes The route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to Cox's Bazar through northern Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya, and on into Chittagong
through northern Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya, and on into Chittagongpasses The route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to Cox's Bazar
India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal.
India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengalcomprise
India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal
more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengalcomprise India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Stretching 750 kilometers from end to end, they reach from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia.
almost to Sumatra in Indonesiareach from near the coast of Myanmar they
reach they from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia
reach they almost to Sumatra in Indonesiafrom near the coast of Myanmar
The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands, from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south.
divides the Andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islandsThe Ten Degree Channel from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south
The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islandsfrom the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south
the Andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islandsdivides from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the southThe Ten Degree Channel
On South Andaman, the most heavily populated island, is Port Blair, which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago.
Port Blairthe most heavily populated islandOn South Andaman
On South AndamanPort Blairthe most heavily populated island
On South Andamanthe most heavily populated islandPort Blair
Travel to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to non-Indians, and they are also not allowed in some parts of South Andaman Island.
to non-Indiansis forbidden Travel to the Nicobar Islands
is forbidden Travel to the Nicobar Islands to non-Indians
is forbidden to non-IndiansTravel to the Nicobar Islands
Ramtanu Maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the Washington-based EIR and the New Delhi-based Indian Defense Review.
Ramtanu Maitra for a number of international journals writes
writes for a number of international journals Ramtanu Maitra
writes Ramtanu Maitra for a number of international journals
He also writes for Aakrosh, India's defense-tied quarterly journal.
He writes for Aakrosh, India's defense-tied quarterly journal
He for Aakrosh, India's defense-tied quarterly journalwrites
writes He for Aakrosh, India's defense-tied quarterly journal
[ Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan.
has Karzai
Karzai has
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan.
Islamabad New Delhi accuses
New Delhi accuses Islamabad
accuses New Delhi Islamabad
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad.
claim Pakistani officials
Pakistani officials claim
“There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan,’’ says a Pakistani official.
says a Pakistani official
a Pakistani officialsays
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim.
the claimdeny Both India and Afghanistan
deny Both India and Afghanistan the claim
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim
‘’Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously,” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directorate. ]
Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directoratesays
says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directorate
Karzai, Musharraf new regional equations
KABUL:
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan, Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers -Russia and India.
suffered For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan, Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers -Russia and India
suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan, Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers -Russia and Indialandlocked Afghanistan For the past 25 years
landlocked Afghanistan suffered For the past 25 years from its neighbours - Pakistan, Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers -Russia and Indiafrom constant interference
The neighbours are still interfering, but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it.
The neighbours interfering
interferingThe neighbours
“The elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable Afghanistan, a peaceful Afghanistan is good for all.
be a reassurance The elections
The elections be a reassurance
Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan,’’ President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan’s English daily The Nation.
told Pakistan’s English daily The NationPresident Hamid Karzai
Pakistan’s English daily The NationPresident Hamid Karzai told
Pakistan’s English daily The Nationtold President Hamid Karzai
All the regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process, but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan.
the Karzai government All the regional countries backed
All the regional countries the Karzai government backed
backed All the regional countries the Karzai government
Since September 11, Pakistan has been repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western leaders of harbouring Taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections, but at the highest level the US has avoided criticising President Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the US catch Al Qaeda elements inside Pakistan.
Pakistan by Afghan and Western leaders Since September 11accused
Since September 11by Afghan and Western leaders Pakistan accused
accused Pakistan by Afghan and Western leaders Since September 11
That changed on September 22 when President George W. Bush, Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly.
changed That on September 22
changed on September 22 That
That changed on September 22
The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban.
pushed by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed TalibanThe meeting
by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Talibanpushed The meeting
The meeting pushed by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting, said Bush pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully.
said Bush
Bush said
‘’Where are Mullah Omar, Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin Hikmetar?’’
Where are Mullah Omar, Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin Hikmetar
Mullah Omar, Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin HikmetarWhere are
Bush is reported to have asked a flustered Musharraf.
Bush reported
reported Bush
All three are extremist Taliban or their allies and known to be living in Pakistan.
extremist Taliban All three
All three extremist Taliban
(Mullah Omar is leader of the Taliban, Usmani is the former corps commander of Kandahar under the Taliban regime and now a commander of Taliban forces while Hikmetyar heads the extremist Hizb-e-Islami.)
Mullah Omar is leader
is leader Mullah Omar
‘’It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis,’’ says a Western diplomat.
says a Western diplomat
a Western diplomatsays
‘’Bush was very well briefed before the meeting,’’ the diplomat said.
saidthe diplomat
the diplomat said
An Afghan official at the meeting added, ‘’The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda.’’
An Afghan official at the meeting added
addedAn Afghan official at the meeting
Karzai was clearly pleased at the results.
at the resultsKarzai was clearly pleased
Karzai at the resultswas clearly pleased
was clearly pleased at the resultsKarzai
‘’President Musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the Taliban,’’ says Karzai.
says Karzai
Karzaisays
The next day an angry Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq, a clear snub to the Americans.
said an angry Musharraf The next day
said The next day an angry Musharraf
The next day an angry Musharraf said
Until then he had said Pakistan’s options were open.
he Until then said
said he Until then
he said Until then
However Pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting.
Pakistani officials insist
insist Pakistani officials
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections.
say US and NATO military officers in Kabul
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say
However there were visible signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side.
on the Pakistan sidevisible signs of a crackdown were
were visible signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side
on the Pakistan sidewere visible signs of a crackdown
‘’Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before,’’ says Lt. General David Barno.
says Lt. General David Barno
Lt. General David Barnosays
‘’There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border, but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways,’’ he adds.
he adds
addshe
Also several days before the elections Pakistan closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan.
closed Pakistan the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistanseveral days before the elections
Pakistan closed several days before the elections the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan
closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into AfghanistanPakistan several days before the elections
However US military officers say regular army officers - many of them Pashtun - leading units of the Frontier Corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs of the JUI.
say US military officers
US military officers say
At the same time the US remains oblivious of the serious problems and political fallout which the army is facing in its operations in Waziristan.
remains the US
the US remains
Not only is the army facing serious political fallout, growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties -between 400-500 Pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since March.
the army facing serious political fallout, growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas
serious political fallout, growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas the army facing
the army serious political fallout, growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas facing
Musharraf has always maintained that the US has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban leaders hiding in Baluchistan.
maintained Musharraf
Musharraf maintained
That too may change.
changeThat
That change
US and Afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the ISI with a list of Taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts.
presenting with a list of Taliban extremists and their suspected whereaboutsUS and Afghan intelligence the ISI
the ISI US and Afghan intelligence with a list of Taliban extremists and their suspected whereaboutspresenting
the ISI presenting with a list of Taliban extremists and their suspected whereaboutsUS and Afghan intelligence
Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders, who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency.
major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders, who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgencyare
are major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders, who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency
With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections, the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home.
from the mainstream Taliban who want to return homeWith the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan electionsare even more isolated the militants
the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return homeWith the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections
With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan electionsfrom the mainstream Taliban who want to return homethe militants are even more isolated
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it cannot happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad.
such a return Pakistan Until now facilitated
Pakistan Until now such a return facilitated
Pakistan facilitated Until now such a return
With President Karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former Northern Alliance figures such as General Fahim and warlord Ismail Khan, there is now little reason for moderate Taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former Northern Alliance figures if they return home.
is little reason for moderate Taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former Northern Alliance figures
little reason for moderate Taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former Northern Alliance figures is
Their removal should also provide increased motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate Taliban.
provide Their removal increased motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate Taliban
increased motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate Talibanprovide Their removal
provide increased motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate TalibanTheir removal
Afghan officials welcomed the appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief.
Afghan officials welcomed the appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief
welcomed the appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chiefAfghan officials
the appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chiefAfghan officials welcomed
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues.
Kayani known
known Kayani
Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan.
has Karzai
Karzai has
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan.
accuses Islamabad New Delhi
New Delhi Islamabad accuses
New Delhi accuses Islamabad
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad.
claim Pakistani officials
Pakistani officials claim
“There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan,’’ says a Pakistani official.
a Pakistani officialsays
says a Pakistani official
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim.
Both India and Afghanistan the claimdeny
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim
deny Both India and Afghanistan the claim
‘’Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously,” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directorate.
says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directorate
Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directoratesays
Karzai categorically said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against Pakistan taken by Indian diplomats inside Afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly.
said Karzai
Karzai said
Senior US diplomats and military officials have warned India also.
India warned Senior US diplomats and military officials
warned India Senior US diplomats and military officials
Senior US diplomats and military officials India warned
In a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of Karzai, Iran, Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik dominated former Northern Alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the elections and not to oppose Karzai.
Iran, Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik dominated former Northern Alliance In a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of Karzaistrenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the elections and not to oppose Karzaimade
strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the elections and not to oppose KarzaiIn a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of KarzaiIran, Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik dominated former Northern Alliance made
strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the elections and not to oppose KarzaiIn a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of Karzaimade Iran, Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik dominated former Northern Alliance
Iran in particular feared that Qanooni would loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream.
Iran in particular feared
feared Iran in particular
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand against Karzai.
Qanooni refused
refused Qanooni
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same.
Iranian influence since the elections proved
since the elections proved Iranian influence
proved since the elections Iranian influence
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan, Iran’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced.
Iran’s moderate leadership is keen
is keen Iran’s moderate leadership
However powerful hardliners in Tehran may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the rift with the moderates.
trying powerful hardliners in Tehran
powerful hardliners in Tehran trying
Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand, a massive Soviet-era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran’s border.
are deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand, a massive Soviet-era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran’s borderIranian officials
Iranian officials about the US occupation of Shindand, a massive Soviet-era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran’s borderare deeply concerned
are deeply concerned Iranian officials about the US occupation of Shindand, a massive Soviet-era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran’s border
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan, the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month, who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners.
made The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan after the ousting of Ismail Khan, the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month, who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan made after the ousting of Ismail Khan, the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month, who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners
after the ousting of Ismail Khan, the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month, who was a close ally of Iranian hardlinersmade The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai’s campaign against warlords.
Iranian officials say
say Iranian officials
At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran and Washington over Iran’s nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran aggressively, the Iranians fear that Shindand could be used as a listening post, spying facility and even a launching pad for any future US actions against Iran.
fear the Iranians At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran and Washington over Iran’s nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran aggressively
At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran and Washington over Iran’s nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran aggressivelythe Iranians fear
fear At a time of heightened tensions between Tehran and Washington over Iran’s nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran aggressivelythe Iranians
Afghan officials say the Americans have moved over 100 Special Forces and helicopters to Shindand.
Afghan officials say
say Afghan officials
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran.
insists General Barno
General Barno insists
‘’We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few helicopters,’’ says Barno.
Barnosays
says Barno
Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the US and Iran.
Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation this places
in a difficult and sensitive situation Karzai this places
places Karzai this in a difficult and sensitive situation
‘’Afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the US and Iran.
had the benefit of cooperation from both the US and IranAfghanistan
had Afghanistan the benefit of cooperation from both the US and Iran
the benefit of cooperation from both the US and IranAfghanistan had
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that’s how we would like to keep it’’, says Karzai.
says Karzai
Karzaisays
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan’s neighbours is over, but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours’ interference.
Nobody claim
claim Nobody
In the post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the Taliban do not have the support of the Afghan people nor the Afghan Pashtuns.
In the post election scenario becoming
becoming In the post election scenario
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections, they would be resisted.
warned Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border In a highly significant move the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman
warned In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman
Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman In a highly significant move
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President Karzai.
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President Karzai
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan for President Karzaivoted
voted for President KarzaiMany Taliban living in Afghanistan
It is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of Afghanistan, the demise of key Northern Alliance figures and the fluid political situation in Afghanistan, Pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to Taliban extremists living on Pakistani soil.
Pakistan Link 16/10/2004
The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record is absurd in every way.
in every wayThe debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record is absurd
The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record is absurd in every way
is absurd in every wayThe debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false
are false The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry
Most of those making the charges have even flip-flopped, contradicting themselves.
flip-floppedMost of those making the charges
Most of those making the charges flip-flopped
Or they weren't eyewitnesses and are just lying.
weren't eyewitnesses they
they weren't eyewitnesses
But to address the substance of this Big Lie is to risk falling into its logic.
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life.
appreciated The true absurdity of the entire situation
The true absurdity of the entire situation appreciated
He has never lived in a war zone.
in a war zonelived He
lived He in a war zone
He lived in a war zone
If some of John Kerry's wounds were superficial, Bush received no wounds.
received no woundsBush
no woundsBush received
Bush received no wounds
(And, a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain; the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and didn't absent yourself from it.
killed a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound
a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound killed
That is the logic of the medal).
is the logic That
That is the logic
Kerry saved a man's life while under fire.
Kerry a man's life saved
saved a man's life Kerry
Kerry saved a man's life
Bush did no such thing.
Bush no such thingdid
did no such thingBush
no such thingBush did
What was Bush doing with his youth?
What with his youthBush doing
Bush What doing with his youth
with his youthBush What doing
He was drinking.
He drinking
drinkingHe
He was drinking like a fish, every night, into the wee hours.
every nightHe into the wee hourslike a fishdrinking
drinking into the wee hoursevery nightHe like a fish
He into the wee hourslike a fishevery nightdrinking
For decades.
He gave no service to anyone, risked nothing, and did not even slack off efficiently.
to anyoneHe no service gave
to anyoneno service He gave
to anyonegave He no service
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush's character as an addictive personality, but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president.
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue
is a key issue The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring, killing 600 Iraqis, most of them women and children, in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries, one of them a South African.
His explosive temper the disastrous siege of Fallujah last springprovoked
His explosive temper provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring
the disastrous siege of Fallujah last springprovoked His explosive temper
(Newsweek reported that Bush commanded his cabinet, "Let heads roll!")
Newsweek reported
reported Newsweek
That temper is only one problem.
That temper is only one problem
is only one problemThat temper
Bush has a sadistic streak.
a sadistic streakBush has
has a sadistic streakBush
has Bush a sadistic streak
He clearly enjoyed, as governor, watching executions.
enjoyedas governorHe
as governorenjoyedHe
as governorHe enjoyed
His delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed, in one debate, to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong-doers a little too much.
became His delight in killing people
His delight in killing people became
He has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq.
He gone on
gone on He
Drug abuse can affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy.
Drug abuse affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy
the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathyDrug abuse affect
Drug abuse the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathyaffect
Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods.
left Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances Bush
left Bush Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances
Bush left Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances
Even for those who later abstain, "visual-spatial abilities, abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memory, are the slowest to recover."
are the slowest visual-spatial abilities, abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memoryEven for those who later abstain
visual-spatial abilities, abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memoryEven for those who later abstainare the slowest
visual-spatial abilities, abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memoryare the slowest Even for those who later abstain
That he managed to get on the wagon (though with that pretzel incident, you wonder how firmly) is laudable.
But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath, and we are all suffering along with him now, since he is the most powerful man in the world.
the severe effects of the aftermathhe suffers
suffers the severe effects of the aftermathhe
the severe effects of the aftermathsuffers he
We all know by now that Bush did not even do his full service with the Texas Air National Guard, absenting himself to work on the Alabama senate campaign of Winton "Red" Blount.
We all know by now
by now know We all
know by now We all
Whether he was actually AWOL during this stint is unclear.
But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off on his National Guard service, but he slacked off from his campaign work.
This little-noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald, which appeared on National Public Radio's "All Things Considered on March 30, 2004, gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that period.
This little-noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald, which appeared on National Public Radio's "All Things Considered on March 30, 2004a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that periodgives
a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that periodThis little-noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald, which appeared on National Public Radio's "All Things Considered on March 30, 2004gives
gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that periodThis little-noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald, which appeared on National Public Radio's "All Things Considered on March 30, 2004
"All Things Considered (8:00 PM ET) - NPR March 30, 2004 Tuesday
This campaign season, there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s.
been This campaign seasonquestions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s
questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970sThis campaign seasonbeen
questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970sbeen This campaign season
For weeks, reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there.
in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard thereFor weeksreporters Alabama scoured
Alabama For weeksin search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard therereporters scoured
in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard therereporters For weeksscoured Alabama
There is one place in Alabama where Mr. Bush was present nearly every day: the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton "Red" Blount.
is one place in Alabama where Mr. Bush was present nearly every day: the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton "Red" Blount
one place in Alabama where Mr. Bush was present nearly every day: the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton "Red" Blountis
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard.
said President Bush
President Bush said
NPR's Wade Goodwyn has this report about Mr. Bush's time on that campaign.
has this report about Mr. Bush's time on that campaignNPR's Wade Goodwyn
NPR's Wade Goodwyn this report about Mr. Bush's time on that campaignhas
this report about Mr. Bush's time on that campaignhas NPR's Wade Goodwyn
WADE GOODWYN reporting:
In 1972, Baba Groom was a smart, funny young woman smack-dab in the middle of an exciting US Senate campaign.
was a smart, funny young woman Baba Groom In 1972
In 1972Baba Groom was a smart, funny young woman
Baba Groom was a smart, funny young woman In 1972
Groom was Republican Red Blount's scheduler, and in that job, she was the hub in the campaign wheel.
Groom was Republican Red Blount's scheduler
was Republican Red Blount's schedulerGroom
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas, and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday.
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas
her about the handsome young man from TexasAsk
about the handsome young man from Texasher Ask
Ms. BABA GROOM (Former Campaign Worker):
He would wear khaki trousers and some old jacket.
He khaki trousers and some old jacketwear
khaki trousers and some old jacketHe wear
He wear khaki trousers and some old jacket
He was always ready to go out on the road.
He was always ready
was always ready He
On the phone, you could hear his accent.
his accentyou hear On the phone
his accentyou On the phonehear
On the phoneyou hear his accent
It was a Texas accent.
Texas accentIt
It Texas accent
But he just melded with everybody.
he melded with everybody
he with everybodymelded
with everybodymelded he
GOODWYN: The candidate Mr. Bush was working for, Red Blount, had gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business.
Prominent Southern Republicans were something of a rare breed in those days.
Prominent Southern Republicans were something in those days
in those dayswere something Prominent Southern Republicans
were something Prominent Southern Republicans in those days
Blount's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon's postmaster general.
led him Blount's support of the party
Blount's support of the party led him
Blount's support of the party him led
In Washington, Blount became friends and tennis partners with Mr. Bush's father, then Congressman Bush.
Blount became
became Blount
That was how 26-year-old Lieutenant Bush came to Montgomery, at his father's urging . . .
That was
was That
It was Mr. Bush's job to organize the Republican county chairpersons in the 67 Alabama counties.
Back in 1972 in the Deep South, many rural counties didn't have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatus.
many rural counties have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatusin the Deep SouthBack in 1972
Back in 1972 in the Deep Southmuch in the way of official Republican Party apparatusmany rural counties have
Back in 1972 many rural counties have in the Deep Southmuch in the way of official Republican Party apparatus
But throughout Alabama, there were Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount.
throughout Alabamawere Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount
were throughout AlabamaRepublicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount
Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blountthroughout Alabamawere
It was the young Texan's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them.
Groom says this job helped Mr. Bush understand how even in a statewide Senate campaign, politics are local.
Groom says
says Groom
. . . Murph Archibald is Red Blount's nephew by marriage, and in 1972, he was coming off a 15-month tour in Vietnam in the infantry.
is Red Blount's nephew Murph Archibald
Murph Archibald is Red Blount's nephew
Archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers, Mr. Bush was not one of them.
Archibald says
says Archibald
Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD (Nephew of Red Blount): Well, I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings.
Ordinarily, George would come in around noon; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening.
around nooncome George
come around noonGeorge
come George around noon
GOODWYN: Archibald says that two months before the election, in September of '72, Red Blount's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over Mr. Bush's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties.
Mr. ARCHIBALD: George certainly didn't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there.
My overall impression was that he didn't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters.
My overall impression was
was My overall impression
GOODWYN: Murph Archibald says that at first, he didn't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard.
After he found out from somebody else, Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it.
Archibald attempted
attempted Archibald
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant, too; he figured they had something to talk about.
was a lieutenant The president
The president was a lieutenant
Mr. ARCHIBALD: George didn't have any interest at all in talking about the military.
In fact, when I broached the subject with him, he simply changed the subject.
he In factchanged the subject
In facthe changed the subject
changed he the subjectIn fact
He wasn't unpleasant about it, but he just changed the subject and wouldn't talk about it.
wasn't unpleasant He about it
about itHe wasn't unpleasant
about itwasn't unpleasant He
GOODWYN: Far from Texas and Washington, DC, Mr. Bush enjoyed his freedom.
He dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign.
He dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign
He a beautiful young woman working on the campaigndated
dated He a beautiful young woman working on the campaign
He went out in the evenings and had a good time.
in the evenings went He
He went in the evenings
went in the evenings He
In fact, he left the house he rented in such disrepair--with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed--that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill.
he the house In factleft
he left In factthe house
left the house he In fact
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and, in a friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before, kind of as a conversation starter.
says Archibald
Archibald says
Mr. ARCHIBALD: People have different ways of starting the days in any office.
They're going to talk about their kids, they're going to talk about football, they're going to talk about the weather.
going They
Theygoing
And this was simply his opening gambit; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking.
was simply his opening gambitthis
this was simply his opening gambit
GOODWYN: Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off-putting to him.
Mr. ARCHIBALD: I mean, at that time, I was 28; George would have been 25 or 26.
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations, particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign, by talking about their drinking the night before.
I thought
thought I
I thought it unusual and, frankly, inappropriate.
I it thought
thought it I
it I thought
GOODWYN: According to Archibald, Mr. Bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at Yale in New Haven, and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving, he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator.
Archibald, a middle-class Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democrat--didn't like that story.
Archibald, a middle-class Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democratlike that story
Archibald, a middle-class Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democratthat storylike
that storylike Archibald, a middle-class Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democrat
Mr. ARCHIBALD: He told us whenever he was stopped, as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush, they would let him go.
And he would always laugh about that. "
about thatlaugh he
he laugh about that
he about thatlaugh
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom didn't remember George telling drunk stories.
Goodwyn notes
notes Goodwyn
But that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the "girls".
that nothingmeans
means nothingthat
nothingthat means
He was trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him.
trying He
He trying
Again, decades of this sort of behavior do not leave a person untouched.
leave a person untoucheddecades of this sort of behavior
decades of this sort of behavior leave a person untouched
leave decades of this sort of behavior a person untouched
Our world is in crisis and our Republic is in danger.
in crisis Our world
Our world in crisis
It should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this.
left It
It left
When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men
the cities with the burning flesh of men on fire
with the burning flesh of men the cities on fire
on fire the cities with the burning flesh of men
Just remember that death is not the end
And you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen
search you in vain
you search in vain
you in vain search
Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan
Afraid I don't have time today to discuss these, but some stories need attention:
From Wednesday's Mirror the headline, "Have 200,000 AK47s Fallen Into the Hands of Iraq Terrorists?"
(also see this thread on the RI discussion board):
this thread on the RI discussion boardsee
see this thread on the RI discussion board
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday.
it feared yesterday
yesterdayfeared it
feared yesterdayit
The 99-tonne cache of AK47s was to have been secretly flown out from a US base in Bosnia.
was The 99-tonne cache of AK47s
The 99-tonne cache of AK47s was
But the four planeloads of arms have vanished.
the four planeloads of arms vanished
vanishedthe four planeloads of arms
Orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense.
Orders for the deal to go ahead given by the US Department of Defense
Orders for the deal to go ahead by the US Department of Defensegiven
by the US Department of Defensegiven Orders for the deal to go ahead
But the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders .
contracted out the work via a complex web of private arms traders
the work contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders
contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders the work
And the Moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003 for smuggling arms to Liberia, human rights group Amnesty has discovered.
human rights group Amnesty discovered
discoveredhuman rights group Amnesty
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police and army instead went to al-Qaeda .
follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police and army instead went to al-Qaeda It
It a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police and army instead went to al-Qaeda follows
a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police and army instead went to al-Qaeda follows It
Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said: "It's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles.
Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said
saidAmnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore
If these weapons have gone missing it's a terrifying prospect."
's a terrifying prospectit
it's a terrifying prospect
American defence chiefs hired a US firm to take the guns, from the 90s Bosnian war, to Iraq.
American defence chiefs a US firm hired
hired American defence chiefs a US firm
hired a US firm American defence chiefs
But air traffic controllers in Baghdad have no record of the flights, which supposedly took off between July 2004 and July 2005.
air traffic controllers in Baghdad no record of the flights, which supposedly took off between July 2004 and July 2005have
no record of the flights, which supposedly took off between July 2004 and July 2005have air traffic controllers in Baghdad
have air traffic controllers in Baghdad no record of the flights, which supposedly took off between July 2004 and July 2005
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received "any weapons from Bosnia" and added they were "not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia".
confirmed A coalition forces spokesman
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed
Nato and US officials have already voiced fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US, British and Swiss firms - are being passed to insurgents.
Nato and US officials voiced fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US, British and Swiss firms - are being passed to insurgents
fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US, British and Swiss firms - are being passed to insurgentsvoiced Nato and US officials
voiced Nato and US officials fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US, British and Swiss firms - are being passed to insurgents
A NATO spokesman said: "There's no tracking mechanism to ensure they don't fall into the wrong hands.
saidA NATO spokesman
A NATO spokesman said
There are concerns that some may have been siphoned off."
concerns that some may have been siphoned offare
are concerns that some may have been siphoned off
This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al-Qaeda.
claimed This year a newspaper
a newspaper This year claimed
This year claimed a newspaper
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes , it's one of Victor Bout's .
is AerocomThe Moldovan airline
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom
It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the incompetence theory receives, even from some of the Administration's harshest mainstream critics.
It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment
's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall momentIt
But then, even to talk of an "administration" may be misdirection at this point, given how little representative government means in the United States these days, and how much of "national security" has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns.
be misdirection at this point
at this pointbe misdirection
Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been "lost" in Iraq, planeloads of arms don't just "vanish"; not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of Bout's untouchable stature.
vanishLike the tens of billions of dollars that have been "lost" in Iraqplaneloads of arms
planeloads of arms Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been "lost" in Iraqvanish
Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been "lost" in Iraqvanishplaneloads of arms
But Bout's name isn't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives, before it sinks like so many others beneath the media's frothing triviality.
Bout's name isn't likely
isn't likely Bout's name
Meanwhile, a decision's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson.
a decisionreached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson
in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinsonreached a decision
reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinsona decision
And it's guilty :
's guilty it
it's guilty
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony-faced as the jury's guilty verdict was read, and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs.
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared
appeared The Rev. Gerald Robinson
The crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in downtown Toledo on the Saturday before Easter in 1980.
The crime in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel occurred on the Saturday before Easter in 1980in downtown Toledo
in downtown Toledo The crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in 1980on the Saturday before Easter
in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel occurred on the Saturday before Easter The crime in downtown Toledo in 1980
Investigators said the nun, Margaret Ann Pahl, 71, was strangled and then stabbed, with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross, a well-recognized Satanic symbol.
said Investigators
Investigators said
An altar cloth was draped over her half-naked body, which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted.
draped over her half-naked body, which was posed as if she had been sexually assaultedAn altar cloth
draped An altar cloth over her half-naked body, which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted
An altar cloth draped over her half-naked body, which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted
"It was about how he could humiliate her the most," prosecutor Dean Mandros said in closing arguments.
prosecutor Dean Mandros said in closing arguments
said in closing argumentsprosecutor Dean Mandros
prosecutor Dean Mandros in closing argumentssaid
"He left a message for everyone to see ... maybe to God himself."
a message for everyone to see ... maybe to God himselfleft He
left He a message for everyone to see ... maybe to God himself
He left a message for everyone to see ... maybe to God himself
After the sentencing one of Robinson's tearful supporters "turned to Claudia Vercellotti, a local leader of the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests [SNAP], who had helped reopen the case, and told her, 'I hope you rot in hell!'"
one of Robinson's tearful supporters After the sentencing turned to Claudia Vercellotti, a local leader of the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests [SNAP], who had helped reopen the case
to Claudia Vercellotti, a local leader of the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests [SNAP], who had helped reopen the caseAfter the sentencing one of Robinson's tearful supporters turned
After the sentencing one of Robinson's tearful supporters to Claudia Vercellotti, a local leader of the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests [SNAP], who had helped reopen the caseturned
From SNAP's statement on the Robinson conviction:
More than ever, police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .
police and prosecutors the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions have
have police and prosecutors the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions
have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions police and prosecutors
When victims and witnesses stay silent, nothing changes.
changesnothing
nothing changes
When victims and witnesses speak up, at least sometimes a child is protected, the truth is exposed, and justice is done.
protecteda child
a child protected
The murder weapon, Robinson's letter opener:
Finally, from an email, a follow-up on the reopening of the investigation into the Atlanta Child Murders :
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham...the man who reopened the investigations last year, is mysteriously stepping down.
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham...the man who reopened the investigations last yearstepping
stepping Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham...the man who reopened the investigations last year
And of all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement...is none other than Lee Brown, the original supervisor of the Atlanta PD, who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation.
none other than Lee Brown, the original supervisor of the Atlanta PD, who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigationpeople who the county is getting to find a replacement...is
people who the county is getting to find a replacement...is none other than Lee Brown, the original supervisor of the Atlanta PD, who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation
SNAP is right in part.
in partis right SNAP
SNAP is right in part
is right in partSNAP
Police and prosecutors have the tools.
the toolsPolice and prosecutors have
have Police and prosecutors the tools
Police and prosecutors the toolshave
The will is another matter.
is another matterThe will
The will is another matter
Some do, individually.
individuallySome
Some individually
But institutionally?
That's still the domain of those who don't.
That's still the domain
's still the domain That
lots of important stories out there today jeff....thank god and a few good souls for that conviction.
there lots of important stories
lots of important stories there
Have you sent this to congress yet?
you this sent to congress
you sent to congress this
sent you to congress this
talk about law enforcement not having the will...
CRACKDOWN ON POLYGAMY GROUP
Small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern US under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints (FLDS) separated itself from mainstream Mormonism in 1890.
in the southwestern US Small polygamous groups under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities existed
Small polygamous groups in the southwestern US existed under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities
under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities in the southwestern US Small polygamous groups existed
Now, FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added to the FBI's list of "Ten Most Wanted Fugitives," a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of] the impact that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women.
FLDS leader Warren Jeffs added a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of] the impact that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and womento the FBI's list of "Ten Most Wanted Fugitives
to the FBI's list of "Ten Most Wanted Fugitivesadded FLDS leader Warren Jeffs a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of] the impact that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women
to the FBI's list of "Ten Most Wanted FugitivesFLDS leader Warren Jeffs added a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of] the impact that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women
When the FLDS under Mr. Jeffs (and his father before him) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $110 million; when it became clear that government officials, school authorities, and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges (mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men); and when the sect began to use secluded compounds, state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously.
state and federal authorities started
started state and federal authorities
Specifically, Jeffs is charged in Utah and Arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging "spiritual" marriages for girls and older men.
with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging "spiritual" marriages for girls and older menin Utah and Arizona Jeffs charged
charged in Utah and Arizona Jeffs with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging "spiritual" marriages for girls and older men
Jeffs charged with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging "spiritual" marriages for girls and older menin Utah and Arizona
At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix, FBI and state officials said Jeffs "is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards."
said At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and PhoenixFBI and state officials
At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenixsaid FBI and state officials
FBI and state officials At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenixsaid
In the past, he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world, according to former members.
about a violent end to the worldaccording to former membersIn the pasttalked in apocalyptic terms he
about a violent end to the worldin apocalyptic terms he according to former memberstalked In the past
according to former membershe about a violent end to the worldin apocalyptic terms In the pasttalked
As with Christian Identity and other hate-related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo-Nazi Creativity Movement, Jeffs has preached racism as well.
Jeffs racism preached As with Christian Identity and other hate-related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo-Nazi Creativity Movement
Jeffs preached As with Christian Identity and other hate-related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo-Nazi Creativity Movementracism
As with Christian Identity and other hate-related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo-Nazi Creativity MovementJeffs preached racism
"The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth," Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center's "Intelligence Report."
said Jeffs
Jeffs said
An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City earlier this year acknowledged that "the state's history, a conservative belief in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid-glove approach lawmakers and law-enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities."
An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City earlier this year acknowledged
earlier this year An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City acknowledged
earlier this year acknowledged An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City
Maybe I'm missing something here, but how, exactly, does one 'Loose' 200,000 AK47's?
something missing I
Imissing something
missing something I
"There's no tracking mechanism in place"?!?!?
in placeno tracking mechanism 's
in place's no tracking mechanism
's no tracking mechanism in place
Never mind.
No need to worry.
I'm sure this kind of thing goes on all the time.
'm sure I
I'm sure
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming....
you We to your regularly scheduled programmingreturn
to your regularly scheduled programmingreturn We you
We return to your regularly scheduled programmingyou
just go here, its simply amazing
The Raw Story
i count like 14 explosive headlines.
14 explosive headlinesi count
i 14 explosive headlinescount
i count 14 explosive headlines
Then, of course, there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case...
is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case
the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson caseis
Funny how some things are squirelled away by well-meaning prosecutors...
Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic underground?
hint they at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic underground
they at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic undergroundhint
at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic undergroundhint they
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law.
read I of a case
of a case read I
of a case I read
Of course law enforcement has dragged it's feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves.
dragged law enforcement it's feet
it's feet dragged law enforcement
law enforcement dragged it's feet
Personally I don't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled.
give I a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled
I give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled
a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovledI give
It is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me.
is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me
the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates meis
Also these cults have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life.
multimillions these cults have
these cults multimillions have
these cults have multimillions
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband.
he reassigns wives In the Warren Jeffs cult
he In the Warren Jeffs cult reassigns wives
In the Warren Jeffs cult he wives reassigns
Husbands marry mothers and teen daughters at the same time.
marry Husbands mothers and teen daughters at the same time
mothers and teen daughters marry Husbands at the same time
marry mothers and teen daughters at the same timeHusbands
a rare form of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world.
showing a rare form of retardation in that group
showing in that group a rare form of retardation
in that group a rare form of retardation showing
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child.
is genetic It
It is genetic
The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure.
The doctor begs them
them begs The doctor
them The doctor begs
look up fumarase deficiency for more info.
fumarase deficiency look up for more info
for more infolook up fumarase deficiency
fumarase deficiency for more infolook up
Also look up the kingston family.
the kingston familylook up
look up the kingston family
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from 'marriage' to her father's own brother.
convicted One member
One member convicted
no one was charged for forced marriage, only the beating.
charged for forced marriage, only the beating. no one
charged no one for forced marriage, only the beating.
for forced marriage, only the beating. charged no one
So we "lost" some weapon?
we some weaponlost
some weaponlostwe
lostwe some weapon
It's a good thing too.
It's a good thing
's a good thing It
We wouldn't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us.
We those terrorists want
We want those terrorists
those terrorists We want
Then the war might stop & all those juicy profits would just evaporate.
the war stop
stop the war
What's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash?
in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash's a few dead soldiers What
What's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash
in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cashWhat's a few dead soldiers
They really are milking the incompetence angle though, aren't they?
the incompetence angle They milking
the incompetence angle milking They
milking the incompetence angle They
Just another big Iraq whoopsie daisy, huh?
Christ, you'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots.
youthink
think you
I suppose that it's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots.
suppose I
I suppose
US outsourcing special ops, intelligence to Iraq terror group, intelligence officials say
say intelligence officials
intelligence officials say
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack, former and current intelligence officials say...
sayformer and current intelligence officials
former and current intelligence officials say
A country deserves the leaders it has, my friends...
A country the leaders it has, my friendsdeserves
the leaders it has, my friendsA country deserves
the leaders it has, my friendsdeserves A country
And MEK -- the Iranian (not Iraqi) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult:
As the leaders like to boast, the Mujahedeen is a family affair.
the Mujahedeen family affair
family affairthe Mujahedeen
(''We have three generations of martyrs: grandmothers, mothers, daughters.'')
have We three generations of martyrs: grandmothers, mothers, daughters
have three generations of martyrs: grandmothers, mothers, daughtersWe
We three generations of martyrs: grandmothers, mothers, daughtershave
Most of the girls I was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents.
Most of the girls I was meeting in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parentsgrown
Most of the girls I was meeting grown in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents
grown in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived separated from their parentsMost of the girls I was meeting
Family visits were allowed on Thursday nights and Fridays.
on Thursday nights and FridaysFamily visits allowed
allowed Family visits on Thursday nights and Fridays
allowed on Thursday nights and FridaysFamily visits
When Iraq invaded Kuwait, many of these girls were transported to Jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- Germany, France, Canada, Denmark, England, the United States -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters.
transported to Jordan many of these girls
many of these girls transported to Jordan
many of these girls to Jordan transported
When they were 18 or 19, many of them decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest Mujahedeen generation.
many of them decided
decided many of them
Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders.
is probably not the right word''decided''
''decided'' is probably not the right word
''Every morning and night, the kids, beginning as young as 1 and 2, had to stand before a poster of Massoud and Maryam, salute them and shout praises to them,'' Nadereh Afshari, a former Mujahedeen deep-believer, told me.
told meNadereh Afshari, a former Mujahedeen deep-believer
Nadereh Afshari, a former Mujahedeen deep-believermetold
metold Nadereh Afshari, a former Mujahedeen deep-believer
Afshari, who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war, said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system, the Mujahedeen refused.
said Afshari, who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war
Afshari, who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf warsaid
Many of the children were sent to Mujahedeen schools, particularly in France.
sent to Mujahedeen schools, particularly in FranceMany of the children
to Mujahedeen schools, particularly in FranceMany of the children sent
sent Many of the children to Mujahedeen schools, particularly in France
The Rajavis, Afshari went on to say, ''saw these kids as the next generation's soldiers.
The Rajavisthese kids as the next generation's soldierssaw
these kids saw as the next generation's soldiersThe Rajavis
saw The Rajavisthese kids as the next generation's soldiers
They wanted to brainwash them and control them.''
They wanted
wanted They
Which may explain the pattern to their stories: a journey to self-empowerment and the enlightenment of self-sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud.
explain Which the pattern to their stories: a journey to self-empowerment and the enlightenment of self-sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud
the pattern to their stories: a journey to self-empowerment and the enlightenment of self-sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoudexplain Which
explain the pattern to their stories: a journey to self-empowerment and the enlightenment of self-sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of Maryam and MassoudWhich
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people don't know what they are, don't care, or know perfectly well.
has One
One has
Jeff,
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction: http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php
on the topic of that priest convictionyou SPLOID.com cited
cited you on the topic of that priest convictionSPLOID.com
SPLOID.com you cited on the topic of that priest conviction
Umm...
Question Mark
Jimmy Plant, Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money.
Blogshares trading game
trading game Blogshares
That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it.
's all That
That's all
Bush successfully makes Satan look good in comparison.
Bush in comparisonmakes
in comparisonBush makes
makes Bush in comparison
Or something like that.
"Another generation of heavy metal has taken over, and -- sorry -- it ain't just about strippers and dope.
Another generation of heavy metal taken over
taken overAnother generation of heavy metal
Okay, it's partly about strippers and dope.
itabout strippers
about strippers it
And we'll get around to that.
weget
get we
But more and more, as metal evolves into a huge international music that belongs to everyone, it has gotten to be something weirder.
it gotten
gotten it
It's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality; real morality.
become It
Itbecome
Praise be: Given the void in responsible behavior among governments, police, educational establishments and religions, the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to... Satan"
Praise be
bePraise
Hmmmmmm....................
The people who carry out these underground arms/drugs/sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves.
are trauma based mind controlled slavesThe people who carry out these underground arms/drugs/sex trafficking deals
The people who carry out these underground arms/drugs/sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes, it's one of Victor Bout's.
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom
is AerocomThe Moldovan airline
The wikipedia entry for Aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it....
is just a stub The wikipedia entry for Aerocom
The wikipedia entry for Aerocom is just a stub
So... put some information in there.
in theresome information put
put some information in there
in thereput some information
You know, nature hates a void. :)
hates nature a void
nature a voidhates
nature hates a void
Richard,
i agree, Hmmmmmm.
i agree
agreei
How are chants of death and suicide ... morality.
What about Manson's tees bearing the message, "Kill your parents".
And were the Columbine killers acting out this "real morality" when they indescriminately murdered their classmates.
acting out the Columbine killers this "real morality"
acting out this "real morality" the Columbine killers
the Columbine killers acting out this "real morality"
They were death metal brainwashed fans, literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm, er ... morality.
They were death metal brainwashed fans
were death metal brainwashed fansThey
(not church morality, no that is phoney, love thy neighbor ... hell no, kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ?????)
So, hmmmm indeed.
I detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent in this article.
in this articlethe hissing lisp of the lying serpent I detect
in this articlethe hissing lisp of the lying serpent detect I
I in this articlethe hissing lisp of the lying serpent detect
The deathly inversion of truth, ala satanism.
I think the jury's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the Columbine killers.
think I
I think
Perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality' crowd, which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation.
we look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality' crowd, which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation
we at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality' crowd, which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far beyond their own congregationlook
at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality' crowd, which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far beyond their own congregationwe look
The last I checked, the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed (though false) Christians.
The last I checkedhave a long way to go the Satanists
The last I checkedhave the Satanists a long way to go
a long way to go the Satanists The last I checkedhave
Irony is dead...Long live Irony!
Irony is dead
is deadIrony
That's it.
's itThat
That's it
I'm firing my editor.
my editorIfiring
firing Imy editor
firing my editorI
Well, it's not as simple and clear cut as all that.
as all thatit's not as simple
it's not as simple as all that
's not as simple itas all that
We're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political-spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection.
entering Weinto some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political-spiritual territory
Weinto some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political-spiritual territory entering
into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political-spiritual territory entering We
The Kevin Coogan publication posted on the previous thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion.
serve The Kevin Coogan publication posted on the previous thread as a good launching point for further discussion
as a good launching point for further discussionserve The Kevin Coogan publication posted on the previous thread
The Kevin Coogan publication posted on the previous thread serve as a good launching point for further discussion
The following quote is from that Coogan article:
The following quote Coogan article
Coogan articleThe following quote
Imaginary evil is romantic and varied; real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren, boring.
is romantic Imaginary evil
Imaginary evil is romantic
Imaginary good is boring; real good is always new, marvelous, intoxicating.
is boringImaginary good
Imaginary good is boring
- Simone Weil
Starroute:
I wouldn't wonder too hard.
I wonder
wonder I
The answer is likely D: all of the above, due to this being a complex reality we live in.
is likely DThe answer
The answer is likely D
But to me, without question, they often know perfectly well.
they know without questionto me
without questionthey to meknow
know without questionto methey
Here is a thought: When the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives.
Here is a thought
a thoughtHere is
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they "do as they wilt".
you and me trust They
trust you and me They
trust They you and me
To not buying the BS
buying the BS
the BS buying
& here I am thinking that I really must be getting old.
Since the article was specifically about "death metal" I guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of morality:
I guess
guess I
One man's relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the most shocking crimes in post-war Italy - a tale of satanism and violence that has gripped the country for more than a year.
him led One man's relentless search for his missing son
One man's relentless search for his missing son led him
One man's relentless search for his missing son him led
In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino, both just 16, disappeared.
disappearedIn January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino, both just 16
disappearedFabio Tollis and Chiara Marino, both just 16In January 1998
In January 1998 disappearedFabio Tollis and Chiara Marino, both just 16
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home.
at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan drinking They
drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan They
drinking They at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan
The police and many of their friends just thought they had run off together.
The police and many of their friends thought
thought The police and many of their friends
But their parents refused to accept this.
their parents refused
refused their parents
Michele Tollis, Fabio's father, began to attend metal concerts and festivals across Europe, handing out leaflets and quizzing Fabio's friends.
Michele Tollis, Fabio's fatherbegan
began Michele Tollis, Fabio's father
Fabio and his friends were into the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal, music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story.
Fabio and his friends into the most extreme forms
into the most extreme forms Fabio and his friends
No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked
me contradict No one
No one me contradict
contradict me No one
Michele Tollis
It emerged that Chiara, the girl who disappeared with Fabio, had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom.
emerged It
It emerged
During this search, Michele Tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son's disappearance.
became Michele Tollis
Michele Tollis became
"No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked.
me No one contradict
contradict me No one
me contradict No one
They're inseparable," he says.
he says
sayshe
Yeah, I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months: "To hell with death".
I think
think I
I wholly agree, and would expand that statement to include: "To hell with death metal".
agreeI
I agree
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?
is The freaky thing here
The freaky thing here is
Talk about a beat-your-head-against-the-wall moment!
about a beat-your-head-against-the-wall momentTalk
Talk about a beat-your-head-against-the-wall moment
And for 'Smartwolf' above, think about the inversion principle being employed.
about the inversion principle being employedthink for 'Smartwolf' above
for 'Smartwolf' abovethink about the inversion principle being employed
for 'Smartwolf' aboveabout the inversion principle being employedthink
They are doing it deliberately.
it They doing
it doing They
doing it They
Do you really think GWB, and neocons in general are representative of true followers of Jesus of Nazareth?
think you
you think
(I know, ignorant question) Then why call them, or any other phonies 'Christians', even if they themselves claim the appellation.
I know
knowI
They are merely imposters.
They are merely imposters
are merely impostersThey
Everything they claim is a lie, and this above all.
So why even credit their claims?
their claimscredit
credit their claims
This only serves their purposes.
serves This their purposes
serves their purposesThis
This their purposesserves
They want to be identified as 'Christians', and I fully suspect that for some of them, the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage, and has a lot more to do with the black magician's practice of the inversion principle.
want They
They want
We need to be more 'rigorous' about how we perceive these people.
We need
need We
See them as they are, not for what they claim to be.
See them
them See
... the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal, music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story.
Almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century (except for Italian Futurism) were labeled 'degenerate' by the National Socialists.
by the National SocialistsAlmost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century (except for Italian Futurism) labeled
by the National Socialistslabeled Almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century (except for Italian Futurism)
Almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century (except for Italian Futurism) labeled by the National Socialists
Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of 'degenerate art' in 1937, while curating a parallel show of 'Aryan' art across the street.
held Adolf Hitler in 1937an exhibition of 'degenerate art'
an exhibition of 'degenerate art' in 1937Adolf Hitler held
an exhibition of 'degenerate art' held Adolf Hitler in 1937
The German Expressionist movement was destroyed as a result.
as a resultThe German Expressionist movement destroyed
The German Expressionist movement destroyed as a result
destroyed as a resultThe German Expressionist movement
Here's a quick overview of the Entartete Kunst (Degenerate Art) exhibit of 1937:
Here's a quick overview of the Entartete Kunst (Degenerate Art) exhibit of 1937
a quick overview of the Entartete Kunst (Degenerate Art) exhibit of 1937Here's
Ironically (or perhaps not), the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish 'intellectual' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration. .
the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' by the Nazis appropriated
the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' appropriated by the Nazis
by the Nazis appropriated the notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art'
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization.
co founder Nordau
Nordau co founder
When the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives.
it is a most certain sign
is a most certain sign it
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they "do as they wilt."
trust They you and me
you and me trust They
you and me They trust
A question:
Are the adherent of 'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect 'energy?'
the adherent of 'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk appropriating
appropriating the adherent of 'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk
Does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place?
to the same placelead this reappropriation
this reappropriation lead to the same place
this reappropriation lead the same placeto
Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the 'imaginary' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon, which is this global system.
Is the distinction accurate and valid?
Does the distinction actually exist?
existthe distinction
the distinction exist
This is where the socio- political aspect of this conundrum comes into play.
This is where
is where This
Confused?
Good.
so, enemy, what's your point?
your pointwhat's
what's your point
Why don't you state it?
you itstate
state ityou
ityou state
My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the answers.
My point is
is My point
Here's another interesting example:
Here's another interesting example
another interesting exampleHere's
John Balance from Coil.
(Don't wish to use Wikipedia again, it's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information.)
Balance died in 2004 after a 'fall.'
in 2004 Balance died after a 'fall
Balance after a 'falldied in 2004
after a 'fallBalance died in 2004
He blended belief systems such as Shamanism, Christianity, Buddhism, Paganism, Hermeticism and Gnosticism and imbued Coil's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners.
such as Shamanism, Christianity, Buddhism, Paganism, Hermeticism and Gnosticism belief systems blended He
belief systems such as Shamanism, Christianity, Buddhism, Paganism, Hermeticism and Gnosticism He blended
blended belief systems He such as Shamanism, Christianity, Buddhism, Paganism, Hermeticism and Gnosticism
Not 200,000 guns - the numbers dont work:
5kg per gun, 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes, impossible for 4 containers.
1000 tonnes, impossible for 4 containers. 5kg per gun, 200,000 guns means
means 5kg per gun, 200,000 guns 1000 tonnes, impossible for 4 containers.
1000 tonnes, impossible for 4 containers. means 5kg per gun, 200,000 guns
If the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000.
less than 20,000were
were less than 20,000
E@tG:
Maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers.
help it you
it you help
you help it
"I am, therefore I think" :)
I am
amI
Reporting from the town where Susan Polk's trial is going on.
Reporting from the town where Susan Polk's trial is going on
from the town where Susan Polk's trial is going onReporting
I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer's market and music event.
I went last night across the bay
last night I went across the bay
went across the bay last night I
Lo and behold, the Mormons were there with a booth.
the Mormons with a boothwere there
with a boothwere there the Mormons
were there with a booththe Mormons
Two young men delivering information about the Mormon genealogy program.
Just give your email and/or phone number to these guys and they'll track down your family.
your email and/or phone number to these guys give
give to these guys your email and/or phone number
give your email and/or phone number to these guys
I was amazed at the spiel they delivered.
at the spiel they deliveredI amazed
amazed at the spiel they deliveredI
I at the spiel they deliveredamazed
Kindly young men, but utterly programmed and brain-dead.
I resisted asking any questions that would have required either of them to think.
I resisted
resisted I
It would have been too painful to watch.
It been too painful
been too painful It
Has anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush?
anyone the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bushread
the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bushread anyone
anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush
I don't know if this has been verified.
I know
know I
But succintly making point after succint point, the text of the letter stands on its own merit, regardless.
stands the text of the letter on its own merit
the text of the letter on its own meritstands
stands on its own meritthe text of the letter
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W's head if he were to actually read the letter, but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter.
like I
I like
As I read the letter, I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it on!"
the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it onconsidered I
I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it on
considered I the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it on
America, your condition is dire, dark and deep.
your condition is dire
is direyour condition
Of the metal music farce, Ministry has definately made in-road into 'Loose Change"-"Alex Jones" territory with their new record, Rio Grande Blood.
made with their new record, Rio Grande BloodOf the metal music farceMinistry in-road into 'Loose Change"-"Alex Jones" territory
Of the metal music farcewith their new record, Rio Grande BloodMinistry made in-road into 'Loose Change"-"Alex Jones" territory
Ministry Of the metal music farcein-road into 'Loose Change"-"Alex Jones" territory with their new record, Rio Grande Bloodmade
Important Kos Diary about bush's response to the gathering storm of scandals:
=Executive Orders -
very creepy, very scary
They have been accumulating for years, and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it.
accumulating They for years
for yearsaccumulating They
They for yearsaccumulating
But who would do a thing like that.... hey wait a minute
who do a minute a thing like that
who a minute a thing like thatdo
a thing like thatdo a minute who
==Why did Bush revoke Executive Order 13011 today?
revoke Executive Order 13011 todayBush
Executive Order 13011 Bush revoke today
Bush revoke todayExecutive Order 13011
by exmearden
Fri May 12, 2006 at 08:27:46 PM PDT
In scanning the whitehouse.gov site today, I noticed the following Executive Order:
I noticed the following Executive Order
noticed the following Executive OrderI
I the following Executive Ordernoticed
Executive Order: Amendments to Executive Orders 11030, 13279, 13339, 13381, and 13389, and ***Revocation*** of Executive Order 13011....
I can't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI.
believe I
I believe
I'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup, that's for damn sure. :)
'm wary I
I'm wary
I'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger won't let me in today...but sign me TroubleFunk.
'm a regular poster I
I'm a regular poster
Tronicus:
Simply, the questions permeate the entire 'Western (Mystery) Tradition' and perhaps 'Eastern' as well, as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality.
the questions the entire 'Western (Mystery) Tradition' and perhaps 'Eastern' as wellpermeate
the entire 'Western (Mystery) Tradition' and perhaps 'Eastern' as wellpermeate the questions
the questions permeate the entire 'Western (Mystery) Tradition' and perhaps 'Eastern' as well
For example, is the system of Crowleyan Thelema a failed alchemical process?
Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation?
it supposed
supposed it
Similarly, is invoking ancient Egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system?
In my opinion, people can no longer afford to partition out and compartmentalize personal spiritual and political systems.
people afford In my opinion
In my opinionafford people
In my opinionpeople afford
The 'high weirdness' and more hardcore political 'factions' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis.
The 'high weirdness' and more hardcore political 'factions' integrate
integrate The 'high weirdness' and more hardcore political 'factions'
In regards to death metal, the problem is, once again, a question of education, history and the vacuous lack of perspective in American culture.
is, once again, a question the problem In regards to death metal
the problem In regards to death metalis, once again, a question
the problem is, once again, a question In regards to death metal
Shall we censor the works of poet Charles Baudelaire as well?
the works of poet Charles Baudelaire we censor
censor we the works of poet Charles Baudelaire
we censor the works of poet Charles Baudelaire
Baudelaire was perhaps one of the first 'death metal' artists.
was perhaps one Baudelaire
Baudelaire was perhaps one
Tronicus, if you're still checking this thread:
checking this threadyou
this threadyouchecking
checking youthis thread
A bit of a knee-jerk reaction from me there, and I apologize for my over-generalizations.
My real problem is with literalist fundamentalists, of any religion.
My real problem literalist fundamentalists
literalist fundamentalistsMy real problem
True believers are dangerous animals.
are dangerous animalsTrue believers
True believers are dangerous animals
I just get hung up on 'Christians', as they're the dominant form where I come from.
I get
get I
Also, I'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now (and, in general, most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses.
on the fact that those in power now (and, in general, most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the massesI'm quite clear
I'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now (and, in general, most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses
Ion the fact that those in power now (and, in general, most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses'm quite clear
It boggles the mind that ANYONE can take at face value Bush's claims to be a christian, yet many seem to do just that.
boggles It the mind
It boggles the mind
the mind It boggles
I seem to remember something about 'by their works shall ye know them."
I seem
seem I
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old 'Rock-N-Roll made them do it' argument.
I get my hackles a bit
a bit I get my hackles
a bit get I my hackles
Whie I don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which I think is patently rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on.
bother me
me bother
Sub-cultures (as the lable implies) do not develope in a vacuum.
develope in a vacuumSub-cultures
in a vacuumSub-cultures develope
in a vacuumdevelope Sub-cultures
Again, I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos, and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly.
I think
think I
These people are dangerous wether they're head-banging to 'Canibal Corpse' or humming along to 'Onward Christian Soldiers'.
These people are dangerous
are dangerous These people
(The mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic....)
is a whole other topicThe mixing of religion and militarism
The mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic
I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence, forgiveness, and charity, but it's important to remember that Christians (or 'Smartwolves') do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle.
have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence, forgiveness, and charityI
have I nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence, forgiveness, and charity
I nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence, forgiveness, and charityhave
Peace.
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus.
is definitely susThe fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus
I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two.
guess I
I guess
Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e-mail.
It is the text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation.
It is the text
is the text It
It's a long but very worthwhile read.
's a long but very worthwhile readIt
It's a long but very worthwhile read
"A View from the Eye of the Storm"
Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation, April, 2004:
"As you know, I usually provide the scientific and technological "entertainment" in our meetings, but, on this occasion, our Chairman suggested that I present my own personal view on events in the part of the world from which I come.
I in our meetingsthe scientific and technological "entertainment" provide
I provide the scientific and technological "entertainment" in our meetings
in our meetingsprovide the scientific and technological "entertainment" I
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information.
been I
I been
My perspective is entirely based on what I see, on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years.
My perspective based
based My perspective
You may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when you visit a country.
regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when you visit a countryYou
as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when you visit a countrymy views You regard
You regard as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when you visit a countrymy views
I could have shared with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli-Arab conflict.
with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli-Arab conflictshared I
with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli-Arab conflictI shared
shared some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli-Arab conflictwith you I
However, I will touch upon it only in passing.
upon it I only in passingtouch
I touch upon it only in passing
touch I only in passingupon it
I prefer to devote most of my remarks to the broader picture of the region and its place in world events.
I prefer
prefer I
I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco, which is predominantly Arab, predominantly Moslem, but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities.
refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco, which is predominantly Arab, predominantly Moslem, but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minoritiesI
I to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco, which is predominantly Arab, predominantly Moslem, but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minoritiesrefer
to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco, which is predominantly Arab, predominantly Moslem, but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minoritiesI refer
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood?
I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood
Israel and its own immediate neighborhoodput aside I
Israel and its own immediate neighborhoodI put aside
Because Israel and any problems related to it, in spite of what you might read or hear in the world media, is not the central issue, and has never been the central issue in the upheaval in the region.
is not the central issuein spite of what you might read or hear in the world mediaIsrael and any problems related to it
Israel and any problems related to itin spite of what you might read or hear in the world mediais not the central issue
in spite of what you might read or hear in the world mediaIsrael and any problems related to itis not the central issue
Yes, there is a 100 year-old Israeli-Arab conflict, but it is not where the main show is.
a 100 year-old Israeli-Arab conflictis
is a 100 year-old Israeli-Arab conflict
The millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel.
The millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war nothing to do with Israelhad
had nothing to do with IsraelThe millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war
The millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan, where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens, has nothing to do with Israel.
has nothing to do with IsraelThe mass murder happening right now in Sudan, where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens
nothing to do with IsraelThe mass murder happening right now in Sudan, where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizenshas
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan, where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizensnothing to do with Israelhas
The frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians have nothing to do with Israel.
nothing to do with IsraelThe frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians have
The frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians nothing to do with Israelhave
nothing to do with Israelhave The frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians
Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait, endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of Israel.
invade because of IsraelSaddam Hussein Kuwait
Kuwaitinvade Saddam Hussein because of Israel
invade KuwaitSaddam Hussein because of Israel
Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel.
against Yemen Egypt use poison gas because of Israelin the 60's
against Yemen because of Israelin the 60's use Egypt poison gas
Egypt use poison gas against Yemen because of Israelin the 60's
Assad the Father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in El Hamma in Syria because of Israel.
kill Assad the Father tens in one week of thousands of his own citizens because of Israelin El Hamma in Syria
because of Israelin El Hamma in Syria Assad the Father of thousands of his own citizens in one week kill tens
of thousands of his own citizens in El Hamma in Syria because of IsraelAssad the Father kill in one week tens
The Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there had nothing to do with Israel.
nothing to do with IsraelThe Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there had
had The Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there nothing to do with Israel
nothing to do with Israelhad The Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there
The Libyan blowing up of the Pan-Am flight had nothing to do with Israel, and I could go on and on and on.
The Libyan blowing up of the Pan-Am flight had nothing to do with Israel
nothing to do with IsraelThe Libyan blowing up of the Pan-Am flight had
had nothing to do with IsraelThe Libyan blowing up of the Pan-Am flight
The root of the trouble is that this entire Moslem region is totally dysfunctional, by any standard of the word, and would have been so even if Israel had joined the Arab league and an independent Palestine had existed for 100 years.
The root of the trouble is
is The root of the trouble
The 22 member countries of the Arab league, from Mauritania to the Gulf States, have a total population of 300 millions, larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion.
a total population of 300 millions, larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansionhave The 22 member countries of the Arab league, from Mauritania to the Gulf States
have The 22 member countries of the Arab league, from Mauritania to the Gulf Statesa total population of 300 millions, larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion
a total population of 300 millions, larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansionThe 22 member countries of the Arab league, from Mauritania to the Gulf Stateshave
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe.
They a land area larger than either the US or all of Europehave
a land area larger than either the US or all of Europehave They
have They a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe
These 22 countries, with all their oil and natural resources, have a combined GDP smaller than that of Netherlands plus Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California alone.
These 22 countries, with all their oil and natural resources, a combined GDP smaller than that of Netherlands plus Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California alonehave
a combined GDP smaller than that of Netherlands plus Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California aloneThese 22 countries, with all their oil and natural resources, have
have a combined GDP smaller than that of Netherlands plus Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California aloneThese 22 countries, with all their oil and natural resources,
Within this meager GDP, the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business, but by being corrupt rulers.
beyond belief Within this meager GDPthe gaps between rich and poor
beyond belief the gaps between rich and poor Within this meager GDP
Within this meager GDPthe gaps between rich and poor beyond belief
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago.
The social status of women below what
below what The social status of women
Human rights are below any reasonable standard, in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission.
in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commissionbelow any reasonable standardHuman rights
below any reasonable standardin spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commissionHuman rights
Human rights in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commissionbelow any reasonable standard
According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N., the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates.
than what little Greece alone translatesAccording to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N.the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller
According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N.than what little Greece alone translatesis much smaller the number of books translated by the entire Arab world
is much smaller the number of books translated by the entire Arab world According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N.than what little Greece alone translates
The total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs is less than that of 6 million Israelis.
The total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs is less than that of 6 million Israelis
The total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs than that of 6 million Israelisis less
is less than that of 6 million IsraelisThe total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs
Birth rates in the region are very high, increasing the poverty, the social gaps and the cultural decline.
are very highBirth rates in the region
Birth rates in the region are very high
And all of this is happening in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world, and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the world.
in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world, and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the worldhappening all of this
happening in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world, and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the worldall of this
all of this happening in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world, and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the world
It is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators, terror networks, fanaticism, incitement, suicide murders and general decline.
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States, on Israel, on Western Civilization, on Judaism and Christianity, on anyone and anything, except themselves.
A word about the millions of decent, honest, good people who are either devout Moslems or are not very religious but grew up in Moslem families: They are double victims of an outside world, which now develops Islamophobia, and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional.
The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement, but they also do not stand up against it.
is The problem
The problem is
They become accomplices, by omission, and this applies to political leaders, intellectuals, business people and many others.
become They
They become
Many of them can certainly tell right from wrong, but are afraid to express their views.
tell from wrongMany of them right
tell right Many of them from wrong
right from wrongMany of them tell
The events of the last few years have amplified four issues, which have always existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the region.
four issues, which have always existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the regionThe events of the last few years amplified
four issues, which have always existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the regionamplified The events of the last few years
The events of the last few years four issues, which have always existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the regionamplified
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War, but we are already well into it.
pass A few more years
A few more years pass
These are the four main pillars of the current World Conflict, or perhaps we should already refer to it as "the undeclared World War III":
are the four main pillars These
These are the four main pillars
*1. The first element is the suicide murder.*
suicide murderThe first element
The first element suicide murder
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular, if I may use this expression, only lately.
are not a new invention Suicide murders
Suicide murders are not a new invention
Even after September 11, it seems that most of the Western World does not yet understand this weapon.
seems Even after September 11
Even after September 11seems
It is a very potent psychological weapon.
is a very potent psychological weaponIt
It is a very potent psychological weapon
Its real direct impact is relatively minor.
Its real direct impact is relatively minor
is relatively minorIts real direct impact
The total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents.
than those due to car accidentsis much smaller The total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years
is much smaller than those due to car accidentsThe total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years
than those due to car accidentsThe total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years is much smaller
September 11 was quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquakes
than many earthquakes September 11 was quantitatively much less lethal
was quantitatively much less lethal September 11 than many earthquakes
September 11 than many earthquakes was quantitatively much less lethal
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya-based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started.
Saddam killed every month more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the Coalition occupation of Iraq.
Saddam killed more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the Coalition occupation of Iraqevery month
every month Saddam more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the Coalition occupation of Iraqkilled
Saddam more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the Coalition occupation of Iraqevery month killed
So what is all the fuss about suicide killings?
what is all the fuss
is all the fuss what
It creates headlines.
headlinescreates It
creates It headlines
It creates headlines
It is spectacular.
It is spectacular
is spectacularIt
It is frightening.
is frighteningIt
It is frightening
It is a very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries to many of the wounded.
is a very cruel death It
It is a very cruel death
It is always shown on television in great detail.
It shown on television in great detail
on television It shown in great detail
It in great detailshown on television
One such murder, with the help of hysterical media coverage, can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while, as it did in Bali and in Turkey.
with the help of hysterical media coveragethe tourism industry of a country destroy for quite a whileOne such murder
the tourism industry of a country One such murderwith the help of hysterical media coveragedestroy for quite a while
the tourism industry of a country One such murderfor quite a whiledestroy with the help of hysterical media coverage
But the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer.
the real fear from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderercomes
from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murdererthe real fear comes
from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderercomes the real fear
This has not yet penetrated the thinking of the Western World.
penetrated the thinking of the Western WorldThis
penetrated This the thinking of the Western World
the thinking of the Western WorldThis penetrated
The U.S. and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder, not the next one.
improving The U.S. and Europe their defense against the last murder, not the next one
their defense against the last murder, not the next oneThe U.S. and Europe improving
The U.S. and Europe improving their defense against the last murder, not the next one
We may arrange for the best airport security in the world.
We arrange for the best airport security in the world
arrange We for the best airport security in the world
We for the best airport security in the worldarrange
But if you want to murder by suicide, you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people.
you have
have you
Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector?
Who a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detectorstop
a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detectorWho stop
stop Who a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector
How about the lines to the check-in counters in a busy travel period?
about the lines to the check-in counters in a busy travel periodHow
How about the lines to the check-in counters in a busy travel period
Put a metal detector in front of every train station in Spain and the terrorists will get the buses.
in front of every train station in Spain a metal detector Put
a metal detector in front of every train station in Spain Put
Put in front of every train station in Spain a metal detector
Protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters, concert halls, supermarkets, shopping malls, schools and hospitals.
Protect the buses
the buses Protect
Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target, not to speak of killing the guards themselves.
Put in front of every concert hall guards
guards in front of every concert hall Put
in front of every concert hall guards Put
You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way.
your vulnerability reduce by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls You
by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls reduce your vulnerability You
by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls your vulnerability reduce You
And it is a war!
it is a war
is a warit
What is behind the suicide murders?
suicide murdersWhat
What suicide murders
Money is, money and power and cold-blooded murderous incitement, nothing else.
Money is, money
is, money Money
It has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs.
nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefshas It
has It nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs
has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefsIt
No Moslem preacher has ever blown himself up.
No son of an Arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up.
No relative of anyone influential has done it.
itdone No relative of anyone influential
No relative of anyone influential done it
done itNo relative of anyone influential
Wouldn't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves, or to talk their sons into doing it, if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor?
you some of the religious leaders expect
expect some of the religious leaders you
expect you some of the religious leaders
Aren't they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven?
Instead, they send outcast women, naive children, retarded people and young incited hotheads.
outcast women, naive children, retarded people and young incited hotheadsthey send
they send outcast women, naive children, retarded people and young incited hotheads
send outcast women, naive children, retarded people and young incited hotheadsthey
They promise them the delights, mostly sexual, of the next world, and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead.
them promise the delights, mostly sexual, of the next worldThey
They the delights, mostly sexual, of the next worldthem promise
promise the delights, mostly sexual, of the next worldthem They
Suicide murders also have nothing to do with poverty and despair.
nothing to do with poverty and despairSuicide murders have
nothing to do with poverty and despairhave Suicide murders
have Suicide murders nothing to do with poverty and despair
The poorest region in the world, by far, is Africa.
The poorest region in the worldis Africaby far
by farThe poorest region in the worldis Africa
The poorest region in the worldby faris Africa
It never happens there.
It happens
happens It
There are numerous desperate people in the world, in different cultures, countries and continents.
in the worldnumerous desperate people are in different cultures, countries and continents
numerous desperate people are in different cultures, countries and continentsin the world
are in different cultures, countries and continentsnumerous desperate people in the world
Desperation does not provide anyone with explosives, reconnaissance and transportation.
with explosives, reconnaissance and transportationprovide anyone Desperation
anyone provide Desperation with explosives, reconnaissance and transportation
provide Desperation with explosives, reconnaissance and transportationanyone
There was certainly more despair in Saddam's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer's Iraq, and no one exploded himself.
was more despair in Saddam's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer's Iraq
more despair in Saddam's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer's Iraqwas
A suicide murder is simply a horrible, vicious weapon of cruel, inhuman, cynical, well-funded terrorists, with no regard to human life, including the life of their fellow countrymen, but with very high regard to their own affluent well-being and their hunger for power.
A suicide murder is simply a horrible, vicious weapon
is simply a horrible, vicious weapon A suicide murder
The only way to fight this new "popular" weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas: the offensive way.
is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas: the offensive wayThe only way to fight this new "popular" weapon
to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas: the offensive wayThe only way to fight this new "popular" weapon is identical
The only way to fight this new "popular" weapon to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas: the offensive wayis identical
Like in the case of organized crime, it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid.
Like in the case of organized crimeis crucial
is crucial Like in the case of organized crime
You cannot eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug dealer on the street corner.
You organized crime eliminate
You eliminate organized crime
organized crime eliminate You
You must go after the head of the "Family".
You after the head of the "Family"go
go You after the head of the "Family"
after the head of the "Family"go You
If part of the public supports it, others tolerate it, many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood, organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism.
organized crime thrive
thrive organized crime
The United States understands this now, after September 11.
The United States this after September 11understands
The United States understands after September 11this
this after September 11understands The United States
Russia is beginning to understand it.
beginning Russia
Russia beginning
Turkey understands it well.
Turkey it understands
it understands Turkey
Turkey understands it
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it.
am very much afraid I
I am very much afraid
Unfortunately, it seems that Europe will understand it only after suicide murders arrive in Europe in a big way.
In my humble opinion, this will definitely happen.
In my humble opinionhappenthis
happenIn my humble opinionthis
this happenIn my humble opinion
The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the beginning.
are only the beginningThe Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings
The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the beginning
The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable.
is absolutely indispensableThe unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror
The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable
Until Europe wakes up, this unity will not be achieved.
achievedthis unity
this unity achieved
*2. The second ingredient is words, more precisely lies.*
is wordsThe second ingredient
The second ingredient is words
Words can be lethal.
Words be lethal
be lethalWords
They kill people.
They kill people
peoplekill They
kill They people
It is often said that politicians, diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie, as part of their professional life.
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish, in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about.
are childishthe norms of politics and diplomacy in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about
in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking aboutthe norms of politics and diplomacy are childish
are childishin comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking aboutthe norms of politics and diplomacy
An incredible number of people in the Arab world believe that September 11 never happened, or was an American provocation or, even better, a Jewish plot.
An incredible number of people in the Arab world believe
believe An incredible number of people in the Arab world
You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information, Mr. Mouhamad Said al-Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad.
remember You all the Iraqi Minister of Information, Mr. Mouhamad Said al-Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad
You all the Iraqi Minister of Information, Mr. Mouhamad Said al-Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdadremember
You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information, Mr. Mouhamad Said al-Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad
Disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic.
is an accepted tacticDisinformation at time of war
Disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic
But to stand, day after day, and to make such preposterous statements, known to everybody to be lies, without even being ridiculed in your own milieu, can only happen in this region.
happen in this region
in this regionhappen
Mr. Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester, but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time.
Mr. Sahaf became
became Mr. Sahaf
It also does not prevent the Western press from giving credence, every day, even now, to similar liars.
It prevent the Western press
the Western press It prevent
prevent the Western press It
After all, if you want to be an anti-Semite, there are subtle ways of doing it.
are subtle ways of doing it
subtle ways of doing itare
You do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened, and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed.
have You
You have
But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case.
told millions of Moslems by their leaders
told by their leaders millions of Moslems
by their leaders millions of Moslems told
When these same leaders make other statements, the Western media report them as if they could be true.
report them the Western media
the Western media them report
them the Western media report
It is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance, arm and dispatch suicide murderers, condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras, talking to a world audience, which even partly believes them.
It is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in English to the rest of the world.
Incitement by Arab TV, accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies, has become a powerful weapon of those who lie, distort and want to destroy everything.
Incitement by Arab TV, accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodiesbecome
become Incitement by Arab TV, accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so-called martyrs, and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows.
on deep hatred and on admiration of so-called martyrsLittle children raised
raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so-called martyrsLittle children
Little children raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so-called martyrs
I recommend to you, even though most of you do not understand Arabic, to watch Al Jazeera, from time to time.
recommend to youI
I to yourecommend
to youI recommend
You will not believe your own eyes.
believe your own eyesYou
your own eyesbelieve You
your own eyesYou believe
But words also work in other ways, more subtle.
in other ways, more subtlework words
work in other ways, more subtlewords
words work in other ways, more subtle
A demonstration in Berlin, carrying banners supporting Saddam's regime and featuring three-year old babies dressed as suicide murderers, is defined by the press and by political leaders as a "peace demonstration".
by the press and by political leaders A demonstration in Berlin, carrying banners supporting Saddam's regime and featuring three-year old babies dressed as suicide murderersas a "peace demonstration"defined
as a "peace demonstration"A demonstration in Berlin, carrying banners supporting Saddam's regime and featuring three-year old babies dressed as suicide murderersdefined by the press and by political leaders
by the press and by political leaders as a "peace demonstration"defined A demonstration in Berlin, carrying banners supporting Saddam's regime and featuring three-year old babies dressed as suicide murderers
You may support or oppose the Iraq war, but to refer to fans of Saddam, Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much.
You the Iraq warsupport
support You the Iraq war
You support the Iraq war
A woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day, eats, observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill.
A woman into an Israeli restaurant in mid-daywalks
into an Israeli restaurant in mid-daywalks A woman
A woman in mid-daywalks into an Israeli restaurant
She then blows herself up, killing 20 people, including many children, with heads and arms rolling around in the restaurant.
She is called "martyr" by several Arab leaders and called "activist" by the European press.
called She by several Arab leaders
by several Arab leaders She called
by several Arab leaders called She
Dignitaries condemn the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows.
the act Dignitaries condemn
Dignitaries condemn the act
condemn Dignitaries the act
There is a new game in town: The actual murderer is called "the military wing", the one who pays him, equips him and sends him is now called "the political wing" and the head of the operation is called the "spiritual leader".
is a new game in town
a new game is in town
is in towna new game
There are numerous other examples of such Orwellian nomenclature, used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by Western media.
are numerous other examples of such Orwellian nomenclature, used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by Western media
numerous other examples of such Orwellian nomenclature, used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by Western mediaare
These words are much more dangerous than many people realize.
are much more dangerous These words
These words are much more dangerous
They provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities.
an emotional infrastructure for atrocitiesprovide They
They an emotional infrastructure for atrocitiesprovide
an emotional infrastructure for atrocitiesThey provide
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough, people will believe it.
He is now being outperformed by his successors.
by his successorsoutperformed He
He by his successorsoutperformed
by his successorsHe outperformed
*3. The third aspect is money.*
The third aspect is money
is moneyThe third aspect
Huge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world, are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder.
into three concentric spheres supporting death and murderHuge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the worldchanneled
channeled Huge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the worldinto three concentric spheres supporting death and murder
Huge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the worldinto three concentric spheres supporting death and murderchanneled
In the inner circle are the terrorists themselves.
circle are the terrorists themselves
the terrorists themselvescircle are
The money funds their travel, explosives, hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets.
their travel, explosives, hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targetsThe money funds
The money funds their travel, explosives, hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets
The money their travel, explosives, hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targetsfunds
The inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like Iran and Syria, until recently also by Iraq and Libya and earlier also by some of the Communist regimes.
by terrorist states like Iran and SyriaThe inner circles financed
financed The inner circles by terrorist states like Iran and Syria
The inner circles financed by terrorist states like Iran and Syria
These states, as well as the Palestinian Authority, are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors.
These states, as well as the Palestinian Authorityare the safe havens
are the safe havens These states, as well as the Palestinian Authority
They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructure.
by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructureThey surrounded
surrounded They by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructure
by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructuresurrounded They
Finally, we find the third circle of so-called religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do some good, feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new generation with hatred, lies and ignorance.
we find the third circle of so-called religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do some good, feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new generation with hatred, lies and ignorance
we the third circle of so-called religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do some good, feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new generation with hatred, lies and ignorancefind
the third circle of so-called religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do some good, feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new generation with hatred, lies and ignorancewe find
This circle operates mostly through mosques, madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media.
operates This circle mostly through mosques, madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media
mostly through mosques, madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed mediaoperates This circle
mostly through mosques, madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed mediaThis circle operates
It is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior, that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal.
this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior, that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal. is
is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior, that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal.
It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the Moslem world, for the miseries of the region.
The outer circle is largely financed by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations organizations, whose goals may be noble, but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle.
The outer circle financed by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations organizations, whose goals may be noble
The outer circle by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations organizations, whose goals may be noblefinanced
by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations organizations, whose goals may be noblefinanced The outer circle
The Saudi regime, of course, will be the next victim of major terror, when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle.
be the next victim The Saudi regime
The Saudi regimebe the next victim
The Saudis are beginning to understand it, but they fight the inner circles, while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle.
The Saudis beginning
beginning The Saudis
Figuratively speaking, this outer circle is the guardian, which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement, rather than to the world outside.
this outer circle is the guardian
is the guardianthis outer circle
Some parts of this same outer circle actually operate as a result of fear from, or blackmail by, the inner circles.
operate as a result of fear from, or blackmail by, the inner circlesSome parts of this same outer circle
Some parts of this same outer circle as a result of fear from, or blackmail by, the inner circlesoperate
Some parts of this same outer circle operate as a result of fear from, or blackmail by, the inner circles
The horrifying added factor is the high birth rate.
birth rateThe horrifying added factor
The horrifying added factor birth rate
Half of the population of the Arab world is under the age of 20, the most receptive age to incitement, guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred.
under the age of 20, the most receptive age to incitementHalf of the population of the Arab world is
Half of the population of the Arab world is under the age of 20, the most receptive age to incitement
under the age of 20, the most receptive age to incitementis Half of the population of the Arab world
Some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot.
Some of the leaders of these various circles on their lootlive
on their lootSome of the leaders of these various circles live
live Some of the leaders of these various circles on their loot
You meet their children in the best private schools in Europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers.
meet their children in the best private schools in Europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderersYou
You meet their children in the best private schools in Europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers
meet You their children in the best private schools in Europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers
The Jihad "soldiers" join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots, while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland.
packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspotsjoin The Jihad "soldiers"
The Jihad "soldiers" join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots
join The Jihad "soldiers" packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots
Mrs. Arafat, who lives in Paris with her daughter, receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority, while a typical local ringleader of the Al-Aksa brigade, reporting to Arafat, receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars, for performing murders at the retail level.
Mrs. Arafat, who lives in Paris with her daughtertens of thousands of dollars per month receives from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority
Mrs. Arafat, who lives in Paris with her daughterfrom the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authorityreceives tens of thousands of dollars per month
Mrs. Arafat, who lives in Paris with her daughterreceives per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authoritytens of thousands of dollars
*4. The fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws.*
The fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking
is the total breaking The fourth element of the current world conflict
The civilized world believes in democracy, the rule of law, including international law, human rights, free speech and free press, among other liberties.
The civilized world believes in democracy, the rule of law, including international law, human rights, free speech and free press, among other liberties
in democracy, the rule of law, including international law, human rights, free speech and free press, among other libertiesThe civilized world believes
believes in democracy, the rule of law, including international law, human rights, free speech and free press, among other libertiesThe civilized world
There are naive old-fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols, not using ambulances and hospitals for acts of war, avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies and not using children as human shields or human bombs.
naive old-fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols, not using ambulances and hospitals for acts of war, avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies and not using children as human shields or human bombsare
are naive old-fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols, not using ambulances and hospitals for acts of war, avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies and not using children as human shields or human bombs
Never in history, not even in the Nazi period, was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now.
such total disregard of all of the above as we observe nownot even in the Nazi periodwas
was not even in the Nazi periodsuch total disregard of all of the above as we observe now
not even in the Nazi periodwas such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now
Every student of political science debates how you prevent an anti-democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing democracy.
Every student of political science debates
debates Every student of political science
Other aspects of a civilized society must also have limitations.
Other aspects of a civilized society have limitations
limitationshave Other aspects of a civilized society
have limitationsOther aspects of a civilized society
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him?
a policeman fire open on someone trying to kill him
open a policeman on someone trying to kill himfire
open a policeman fire on someone trying to kill him
Can a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers?
listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealersa government
a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers
a government to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealerslisten
Does free speech protect you when you shout "fire" in a crowded theater?
you free speech protect
free speech you protect
protect free speech you
Should there be death penalty, for deliberate multiple murders?
be death penalty, for deliberate multiple murders
death penalty, for deliberate multiple murdersbe
These are the old-fashioned dilemmas.
are the old-fashioned dilemmasThese
These are the old-fashioned dilemmas
But now we have an entire new set.
have we an entire new set
have an entire new setwe
we have an entire new set
Do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage?
you a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storageraid
raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storageyou
a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storageyou raid
Do you return fire, if you are attacked from a hospital?
firereturn you
you return fire
fireyou return
Do you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages?
storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostagesyou
you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages
storm you a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages
Do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets?
search every ambulance you
every ambulance you search
every ambulance search you
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly?
you strip every woman
every woman strip you
every woman you strip
Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of children?
shoot at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of childrenyou
at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of childrenyou shoot
you shoot at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of children
Do you raid terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospital?
you raid terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospital
you terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospitalraid
terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospitalraid you
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children?
shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by childrenyou
an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by childrenshoot you
an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by childrenyou shoot
All of these happen daily in Iraq and in the Palestinian areas.
All of these in Iraq and in the Palestinian areashappen
in Iraq and in the Palestinian areashappen All of these
All of these happen in Iraq and in the Palestinian areas
What do you do?
doWhat you
What doyou
doyou What
Well, you do not want to face the dilemma.
you want
want you
But it cannot be avoided.
it avoided
avoidedit
Suppose, for the sake of discussion, that someone would openly stay in a well-known address in Teheran, hosted by the Iranian Government and financed by it, executing one atrocity after another in Spain or in France, killing hundreds of innocent people, accepting responsibility for the crimes, promising in public TV interviews to do more of the same, while the Government of Iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him, invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary.
for the sake of discussionSuppose
Supposefor the sake of discussion
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done, in such a situation.
I to you as homework leave
to you as homework leave I
to you I leave as homework
The problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment.
is The problem
The problem is
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice-skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player.
trying It
It trying
In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable, international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals, mosques and ambulances, while being protected by their Government or society.
address international law In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable
international law In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkableaddress
In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkableinternational law address
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones, stands behind them and shoots with immunity and cannot be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government.
International law know
know International law
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country, which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him.
International law know
know International law
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law, and define all those who attack them as "war criminals," with some Western media repeating the allegations.
is The amazing thing
The amazing thing is
The good news is that all of this is temporary, because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality.
is The good news
The good news is
The punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder, not during and not after.
be death The punishment for suicide murder
The punishment for suicide murder be death
After every world war, the rules of international law have changed, and the same will happen after the present one.
the rules of international law After every world warchanged
changedthe rules of international law After every world war
the rules of international law changedAfter every world war
But during the twilight zone, a lot of harm can be done.
a lot of harm doneduring the twilight zone
during the twilight zonedonea lot of harm
doneduring the twilight zonea lot of harm
The picture I described here is not pretty.
is not prettyThe picture I described here
The picture I described here is not pretty
What can we do about it?
about itdo What we
we about itdo What
do What about itwe
In the short run, only fight and win.
fight In the short run
In the short runfight
In the long run, only educate the next generation and open it to the world.
educate In the long runthe next generation
the next generation In the long runeducate
In the long runeducate the next generation
The inner circles can and must be destroyed by force.
destroyed by forceThe inner circles
by forcedestroyed The inner circles
The inner circles by forcedestroyed
The outer circle cannot be eliminated by force.
The outer circle by forceeliminated
The outer circle eliminated by force
by forceThe outer circle eliminated
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women, more education, counter-propaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media, internet and the international scene.
need financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women, more education, counter-propaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media, internet and the international scenewe
need we financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women, more education, counter-propaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media, internet and the international scene
we financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women, more education, counter-propaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media, internet and the international sceneneed
Above all, we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil.
need we a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evilAbove all
need Above allwe a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil
a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evilneed Above allwe
Allow me, for a moment, to depart from my alleged role as a taxi driver and return to science.
Allow me
meAllow
When you have a malignant tumor, you may remove the tumor itself surgically.
remove the tumor itself you
you the tumor itself remove
the tumor itself remove you
You may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body, thereby preventing new "supplies" from expanding the tumor.
You starve it
You it starve
it starve You
If you want to be sure, it is best to do both.
But before you fight and win, by force or otherwise, you have to realize that you are in a war, and this may take Europe a few more years.
you have
have you
In order to win, it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes, so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people.
I do not want to comment here on whether the American-led attack on Iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument, but I can look at the post-war map of Western Asia.
want I
I want
Now that Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya are out, two and a half terrorist states remain: Iran, Syria and Lebanon, the latter being a Syrian colony.
Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list.
added Sudan to the list
to the listadded Sudan
Sudan added to the list
As a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq, both Iran and Syria are now totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them.
As a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraqsurrounded both Iran and Syria by territories unfriendly to them
surrounded by territories unfriendly to themboth Iran and Syria As a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq
surrounded both Iran and Syria by territories unfriendly to themAs a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq
Iran is encircled by Afghanistan, by the Gulf States, Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union.
encircled Iran by Afghanistanby the Gulf States, Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union
by the Gulf States, Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Unionencircled by AfghanistanIran
by Afghanistanencircled Iran by the Gulf States, Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union
Syria is surrounded by Turkey, Iraq, Jordan and Israel.
Syria by Turkey, Iraq, Jordan and Israelsurrounded
surrounded Syria by Turkey, Iraq, Jordan and Israel
by Turkey, Iraq, Jordan and IsraelSyria surrounded
This is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries.
This is a significant strategic change
is a significant strategic change This
It is not surprising that Iran is so active in trying to incite a Shiite uprising in Iraq.
I do not know if the American plan was actually to encircle both Iran and Syria, but that is the resulting situation.
know I
I know
In my humble opinion, the number one danger to the world today is Iran and its regime.
In my humble opiniontoday the number one danger to the world is Iran
In my humble opinionis Iran today the number one danger to the world
the number one danger to the world today In my humble opinionis Iran
It definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions.
ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directionshas It
has It ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions
It has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions
It has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culture.
has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western cultureIt
has It an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culture
an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culturehas It
It is ruthless.
It is ruthless
is ruthlessIt
It has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist acts without leaving too many traces, using Iranian Embassies.
It proven
proven It
It is clearly trying to develop nuclear weapons.
trying It
It trying
Its so-called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso version of the "good-cop versus bad-cop" game.
their own virtuoso version of the "good-cop versus bad-cop" gameplay Its so-called moderates and conservatives
Its so-called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso version of the "good-cop versus bad-cop" game
play Its so-called moderates and conservatives their own virtuoso version of the "good-cop versus bad-cop" game
Iran sponsors Syrian terrorism, it is certainly behind much of the action in Iraq, it is fully funding the Hezbollah and, through it, the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic Jihad; it performed acts of terror at least in Europe and in South America and probably also in Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium, which includes, as minor players, Syria, Lebanon and certain Shiite elements in Iraq.
Syrian terrorismIran sponsors
sponsors Syrian terrorismIran
sponsors Iran Syrian terrorism
Nevertheless, most European countries still trade with Iran, try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals.
with Irantrade most European countries
with Iranmost European countries trade
trade most European countries with Iran
In order to win the war it is also necessary to dry the financial resources of the terror conglomerate.
It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah, Sadr and other Iranian-inspired enterprises.
When it serves their business needs, all of them collaborate beautifully.
collaborate all of them
all of them collaborate
It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle, which is the fertile breeding ground of terror.
It is important to monitor all donations from the Western World to Islamic organizations, to monitor the finances of international relief organizations and to react with forceful economic measures to any small sign of financial aid to any of the three circles of terrorism.
It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety, financial interests or ignorance.
Above all, never surrender to terror.
to terrorAbove allsurrender
Above allsurrender to terror
surrender Above allto terror
No one will ever know whether the recent elections in Spain would have yielded a different result, if not for the train bombings a few days earlier.
know No one
No one know
But it really does not matter.
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq.
The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries, including France, who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq.
The Spanish story end up
end up The Spanish story
In the long run, Spain itself will pay even more.
In the long runpay Spain itself even more
even moreIn the long runSpain itself pay
pay Spain itself even moreIn the long run
Is the solution a democratic Arab world?
If by democracy we mean free elections but also free press, free speech, a functioning judicial system, civil liberties, equality to women, free international travel, exposure to international media and ideas, laws against racial incitement and against defamation, and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals, places of worship and children, then yes, democracy is the solution.
democracy is the solution
is the solutiondemocracy
If democracy is just free elections, it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected, the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory.
We have seen it already in Algeria and, to a certain extent, in Turkey.
it seen in Algeria and, to a certain extent, in TurkeyWe
We seen it in Algeria and, to a certain extent, in Turkey
We it in Algeria and, to a certain extent, in Turkeyseen
It will happen again, if the ground is not prepared very carefully.
It happen
happen It
On the other hand, a certain transition democracy, as in Jordan, may be a better temporary solution, paving the way for the real thing, perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would not have worked in China.
as in Jordana certain transition democracyOn the other handperhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would not have worked in Chinabe a better temporary solution
be a better temporary solutionas in Jordanperhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would not have worked in Chinaa certain transition democracyOn the other hand
perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in Russia and would not have worked in Chinabe a better temporary solutiona certain transition democracyOn the other handas in Jordan
I have no doubt that the civilized world will prevail.
I no doubt that the civilized world will prevailhave
have I no doubt that the civilized world will prevail
no doubt that the civilized world will prevailI have
But the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape of this war, the more costly and painful the victory will be.
Europe, more than any other region, is the key.
is the keyEurope
Europeis the key
Its understandable recoil from wars, following the horrors of World War II, may cost thousands of additional innocent lives, before the tide will turn."
thousands of additional innocent livesIts understandable recoil from wars, following the horrors of World War IIcost
Its understandable recoil from wars, following the horrors of World War IIcost thousands of additional innocent lives
Its understandable recoil from wars, following the horrors of World War IIthousands of additional innocent livescost
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest.
Zawahiri with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquestassociated
Zawahiri associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest
with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of ConquestZawahiri associated
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders.
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest seeking
seeking Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest
By 1998, Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime.
determined By 1998Zawahiri
By 1998Zawahiri determined
determined Zawahiri By 1998
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980.
is A key question
A key question is
According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it.
among the supporters of these militant islamists people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested itwere According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad
According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroadamong the supporters of these militant islamists people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested itwere
among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested itAccording to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad
Al Qaeda, Anthrax and Ayman: Means, Motive, Modus Operandi and Opportunity
Homeland Security
In early June 2003, a Central Intelligence Agency ("CIA") report publicly disclosed that the reason for Mohammed Atta's and Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax.
a Central Intelligence Agency ("CIA") report disclosed In early June 2003
a Central Intelligence Agency ("CIA") report In early June 2003disclosed
In early June 2003a Central Intelligence Agency ("CIA") report disclosed
An early September 2003 Newsweek article included a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM").
included An early September 2003 Newsweek article a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM")
An early September 2003 Newsweek article a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM")included
a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM")An early September 2003 Newsweek article included
He had been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.
He the previous month in Rawalpindi, Pakistancaptured
the previous month He in Rawalpindi, Pakistancaptured
captured He the previous month in Rawalpindi, Pakistan
In November 2003, a report by a UN Panel of experts concluded that Al Qaeda is determined to use chemical and biological weapons and is restrained only by technical difficulties.
concluded In November 2003a report by a UN Panel of experts
a report by a UN Panel of experts concluded In November 2003
In November 2003concluded a report by a UN Panel of experts
In a statement issued June 16, 2004, the 9/11 Commission Staff concluded that "Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11.
In a statement issued June 16, 2004the 9/11 Commission Staff concluded
the 9/11 Commission Staff In a statement issued June 16, 2004concluded
In a statement issued June 16, 2004concluded the 9/11 Commission Staff
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, al Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face."
is one al Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenetal Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one
is one According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenetal Qaeda’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack
On August 9, 2004, it was announced that in the Spring of 2001, a man named El-Shukrijumah, also known as Jafar the Pilot, who was part of a "second wave," had been casing New York City helicopters.
announced it On August 9, 2004
On August 9, 2004announced it
On August 9, 2004it announced
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot.
the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilotincluded Photographs from a seized computer disc
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot
included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilotPhotographs from a seized computer disc
In a bulletin, the FBI noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon.
In a bulletinnoted the FBI
noted In a bulletinthe FBI
the FBI In a bulletinnoted
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot.
building The CIA a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot
a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plotThe CIA building
The CIA a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plotbuilding
This is old news.
is old newsThis
This is old news
It's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the FBI's (former) theory about a lone, American scientist.
's just no longer bureaucratically impolite It
It's just no longer bureaucratically impolite
Many people have argued that a US-based Al Qaeda operative is behind the earlier Fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the US, and that the mailings served as a threat and warning.
argued Many people
Many people argued
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad, extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used.
explained Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis explained
"The Prophet's guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and New York City, as well as symbolic targets.
says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit
Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unitsays
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993.
The letter bombs sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993
in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993sent The letter bombs
sent The letter bombs in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM, Al Qaeda's #3, included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise.
a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM, Al Qaeda's #3included
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM, Al Qaeda's #3included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer
included Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM, Al Qaeda's #3a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer
What your morning paper did not tell you, however, was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri's right-hand, Ahmed Salama Mabruk, 5 years earlier.
What your morning paper did not tell youwas
was What your morning paper did not tell you
The computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over to the Egyptian authorities.
during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan confiscated The computer disk from him
during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan The computer disk from him confiscated
confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan The computer disk
Mabruk, at the time, was the head of Jihad's military operations.
Mabrukwas the head at the time
was the head Mabrukat the time
at the timeMabrukwas the head
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development.
is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development
a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and developmentis
Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot, Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White House.
think Some
Some think
Others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners directed to targets on the West Coast.
argue Others
Others argue
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui, however, dated July 31, 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months.
is an e-mail by Moussaoui, however, dated July 31, 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months.
an e-mail by Moussaoui, however, dated July 31, 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months. is
In March 2003, Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a "second wave."
In March 2003Mohammed said
said Mohammed In March 2003
In March 2003said Mohammed
Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $14,000 in July, accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks.
his trial judge told accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui
told accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui his trial judge
accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge
KSM explained that Moussaoui's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by US-trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative, Malaysian Yazid Sufaat.
KSM explained
explained KSM
Zacarias Moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable, has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants "anthrax for Jew sympathizer only."
Zacarias Moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliablethe judge at his trial told in a filing
in a filing Zacarias Moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliabletold the judge at his trial
Zacarias Moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliablethe judge at his trial in a filing told
Al Qaeda's regional operative, Hambali, who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat, has been captured.
Al Qaeda's regional operative, Hambali, who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaatcaptured
capturedAl Qaeda's regional operative, Hambali, who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat
Hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree.
cooperating to some degreeHambali
Hambali to some degreecooperating
to some degreeHambali cooperating
KSM and Hambali sent al-Hindi (al-Britani), along with Jafar the Pilot, to case NYC targets for a second wave.
al-Hindi (al-Britani), along with Jafar the PilotKSM and Hambali sent
sent KSM and Hambali al-Hindi (al-Britani), along with Jafar the Pilot
al-Hindi (al-Britani), along with Jafar the Pilotsent KSM and Hambali
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area.
as part of that surveillance in early 2001 It was
was It as part of that surveillance in early 2001
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001
Sufaat, according to both KSM and Hambali, did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used.
according to both KSM and Hambalithe virulent US Army Ames strain that would be usedSufaathave
Sufaathave according to both KSM and Hambalithe virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used
according to both KSM and Hambalihave Sufaatthe virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used
That would require someone who had access to the strain.
That require someone who had access to the strain
require That someone who had access to the strain
someone who had access to the strainThat require
But if experience is any guide, nothing would stand in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri's decade-long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporter.
in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri's decade-long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporternothing stand
stand nothing in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri's decade-long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporter
in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri's decade-long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporterstand nothing
The islamist had been released from Egyptian prison and had known Zawahiri well for many years.
The islamist from Egyptian prison released
from Egyptian prison The islamist released
released from Egyptian prison The islamist
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program.
indicate Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate
He believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader.
believed He
He believed
"What we know is that he's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies," former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said.
former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer said
saidformer CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer
The Wall Street Journal reported that a computer used by Zawahiri contains a June 1999 memo that "said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions, which it said were 'more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists, which will greatly benefit us in the first stage, God willing.' ''
reported The Wall Street Journal
The Wall Street Journal reported
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest.
associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of ConquestZawahiri
Zawahiri associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest
with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquestassociated Zawahiri
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders.
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest seeking
seeking Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest
By 1998, Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime.
By 1998Zawahiri determined
Zawahiri By 1998determined
determined Zawahiri By 1998
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980.
is A key question
A key question is
According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it.
people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested itAccording to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroadsupporters of these militant islamists were
supporters of these militant islamists were According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroadpeople who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it
According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroadsupporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it
A few days before Christmas 2003, after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks, to include in the US homeland, the threat level was raised to orange or "high."
to orange or "highraised A few days before Christmas 2003the threat level after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks, to include in the US homeland
the threat level after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks, to include in the US homelandraised A few days before Christmas 2003to orange or "high
after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks, to include in the US homelandA few days before Christmas 2003the threat level to orange or "highraised
After the alert condition had long since returned to yellow, Zawahiri in late February issued another audiotape.
Zawahiri another audiotapeissued in late February
in late February another audiotapeissued Zawahiri
issued in late February Zawahiri another audiotape
He urged the President that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise.
He urged the President
He the President urged
urged He the President
Zawahiri said that the US should expect another 9/11 on US soil.
said Zawahiri
Zawahiri said
According to some reports, Zawahiri is thought by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan.
thought Zawahiri by intelligence According to some reports
According to some reportsthought Zawahiri by intelligence
by intelligence According to some reportsZawahiri thought
At one time, some thought he had been spotted in Iran.
some thought At one time
thought At one timesome
At one timethought some
Wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited.
need authorities
authorities need
In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka"?
of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka"know the FBI profilers In October 2001
know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka"In October 2001the FBI profilers
the FBI profilers of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid Sheik Bojinka"In October 2001know
The letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind sheik was not released.
threatened The letter
The letter threatened
(Khalid Mohammed's involvement dates back to Bojinka, as does Hambali's).
Khalid Mohammed's involvement dates
dates Khalid Mohammed's involvement
Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka planning.
Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka planning
in the Bojinka planningUse of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario
was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka planningUse of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions
In May 2004, Patrick Hughes, Lieutenant General (Retired), Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis, Homeland Security Department testified before the 9/11 Commission.
before the 9/11 CommissionIn May 2004testified Patrick Hughes, Lieutenant General (Retired), Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis, Homeland Security Department
testified In May 2004Patrick Hughes, Lieutenant General (Retired), Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis, Homeland Security Department before the 9/11 Commission
In May 2004testified before the 9/11 CommissionPatrick Hughes, Lieutenant General (Retired), Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis, Homeland Security Department
He explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that Al Qaeda wanted to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon, most notably anthrax.
explained He
He explained
The same week, the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes, they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received.
based on intelligence that had been receivedThe same weektestified the WTC head
The same weekthe WTC head testified based on intelligence that had been received
testified The same weekthe WTC head based on intelligence that had been received
Al Qaeda has had anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized form, since at least 1997, when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ("Moro Front" or "MILF").
Al Qaeda anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized formhad since at least 1997, when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ("Moro Front" or "MILF")
had since at least 1997, when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ("Moro Front" or "MILF")Al Qaeda anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized form
anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized formsince at least 1997, when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ("Moro Front" or "MILF")Al Qaeda had
Zawahiri, Al Qaeda's #2, is head of Al Qaeda's biochemical program.
is head Zawahiri, Al Qaeda's #2
Zawahiri, Al Qaeda's #2is head
The CIA has known of Zawahiri's plans to use anthrax for a half decade.
The CIA for a half decadeknown of Zawahiri's plans to use anthrax
for a half decadeThe CIA of Zawahiri's plans to use anthrax known
for a half decadeof Zawahiri's plans to use anthrax known The CIA
The confidante and right-hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against US targets.
admitted The confidante and right-hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri
The confidante and right-hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admitted
Another senior Al Qaeda member (a shura or policy-making council member no less) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession.
for the Egyptian intelligence services working Another senior Al Qaeda member (a shura or policy-making council member no less)
for the Egyptian intelligence services Another senior Al Qaeda member (a shura or policy-making council member no less) working
Another senior Al Qaeda member (a shura or policy-making council member no less) for the Egyptian intelligence services working
Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced.
Even Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said
in 1999 said Even Zawahiri's attorney
said in 1999 Even Zawahiri's attorney
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East.
said A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said
The US Army recipe was not used, and obtaining the unprocessed Ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the weight given it by some press accounts.
usedThe US Army recipe
The US Army recipe used
There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used, especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997.
was especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used
especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used
especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was usedwas
Significantly, the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago (now retired), upon being contacted, does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick.
report the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago (now retired)
the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago (now retired)report
Senator Patrick Leahy at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted that the FBI had collected the Ames strain from 20 sources.
noted at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 Senator Patrick Leahy
at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 Senator Patrick Leahy noted
at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted Senator Patrick Leahy
In Fall 2004, MSNBC, relying on an unnamed FBI spokesperson, reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but cannot rule out that it was made overseas.
In Fall 2004reports MSNBC
MSNBCIn Fall 2004reports
MSNBCreports In Fall 2004
Al Qaeda's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed's computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons.
Al Qaeda's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed's computer evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons
evidence Al Qaeda's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed's computer knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons
knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weaponsAl Qaeda's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed's computer evidence
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek, under the optimal method, there is no electrostatic charge.
no electrostatic chargeunder the optimal methodAt least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibekis
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibekis under the optimal methodno electrostatic charge
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibekunder the optimal methodis no electrostatic charge
In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings, there was an electrostatic charge.
was an electrostatic chargeIn the case of the anthrax used in the mailings
In the case of the anthrax used in the mailingsan electrostatic chargewas
was In the case of the anthrax used in the mailingsan electrostatic charge
Although there was a dominance of single spores and a trillion spore concentration, there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns.
were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns
clumps as large as 40 - 100 micronswere
(Spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable.)
be no bigger than 5 microns Spores
than 5 microns be no bigger Spores
than 5 microns Spores be no bigger
Many point to the trillion spore concentration as extraordinary.
as extraordinaryto the trillion spore concentration point Many
point Many to the trillion spore concentration as extraordinary
to the trillion spore concentration as extraordinaryMany point
It is far simpler, however, to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab.
is far simplerthan in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab
than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored labis far simpler
The "trillion spore" issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated.
The "trillion spore" issue at the heart
at the heart The "trillion spore" issue
The reported finding at Dugway undermines the argument of both the "bomb Iraq" crowd and the liberals focused on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes.
undermines The reported finding at Dugway the argument of both the "bomb Iraq" crowd and the liberals focused on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes
The reported finding at Dugway undermines the argument of both the "bomb Iraq" crowd and the liberals focused on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes
the argument of both the "bomb Iraq" crowd and the liberals focused on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposesundermines The reported finding at Dugway
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us, in sensational detail, of Atta's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster.
of Atta's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropdusterUSDA employee Johnelle Bryant told in sensational detailus
of Atta's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropdustertold usUSDA employee Johnelle Bryant in sensational detail
of Atta's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropdusterin sensational detailustold USDA employee Johnelle Bryant
Khalid Mohammed then told interrogators that Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to Yazid Sufaat's anthrax manufacturing plans.
told Khalid Mohammed interrogators
Khalid Mohammed told interrogators
interrogators Khalid Mohammed told
Although the details of the documents on Mohammed's computer may (or may not) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal, they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings.
they with the product used in the anthrax mailingsare fully consistent
they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings
are fully consistent they with the product used in the anthrax mailings
Al Qaeda had both the means and opportunity.
Al Qaeda both the means and opportunityhad
had Al Qaeda both the means and opportunity
both the means and opportunityhad Al Qaeda
US-trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000.
with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers met in January 2000US-trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat
met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000US-trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat
met US-trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat in January 2000with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers
Sufaat was a member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah ("JI").
Sufaat was a member
was a member Sufaat
JI has ties with the Moro Front.
ties with the Moro FrontJI has
JI ties with the Moro Fronthas
JI has ties with the Moro Front
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda.
used Sufaat his company called Green Laboratory Medicine
Sufaat his company called Green Laboratory Medicine used
used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine Sufaat
(Green symbolizes "Islam" and Prophet Mohammed's holy war).
symbolizes "Islam" and Prophet Mohammed's holy warGreen
Green "Islam" and Prophet Mohammed's holy warsymbolizes
"Islam" and Prophet Mohammed's holy warsymbolizes Green
Zacarias Moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested, stayed at Sufaat's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in Malaysia.
Zacarias Moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrestedat Sufaat's condominium stayed in 2000
stayed in 2000 at Sufaat's condominium Zacarias Moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested
in 2000 Zacarias Moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrestedat Sufaat's condominium stayed
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $35,000.
with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies Yazid Sufaat Moussaoui provided
Yazid Sufaat provided with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies Moussaoui
Yazid Sufaat with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies Moussaoui provided
The crop dusters were to be part of a "second wave."
The crop dusters were
were The crop dusters
After 9/11, Yazid Sufaat traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to work for the Taliban Medical Brigade and to continue his work with anthrax.
to Afghanistan and Pakistan After 9/11traveled Yazid Sufaat
Yazid Sufaat traveled After 9/11to Afghanistan and Pakistan
After 9/11to Afghanistan and Pakistan Yazid Sufaat traveled
As described in US News, a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat, without realizing it, while traveling near Kabul in October 2001, perceiving him as Filipino.
a former reporter from the Kabul Times met Sufaat
Sufaata former reporter from the Kabul Times met
a former reporter from the Kabul Times Sufaatmet
The fellow was carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax.
papers from Zawahiri The fellow carrying
papers from Zawahiri carrying The fellow
The fellow carrying papers from Zawahiri
Sufaat was arrested in December 2001 upon his return to Malaysia.
in December 2001 Sufaat upon his return to Malaysiaarrested
Sufaat in December 2001 upon his return to Malaysiaarrested
in December 2001 Sufaat arrested upon his return to Malaysia
Newsweek reported that a "second wave" involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support.
Newsweek reported
reported Newsweek
Various doctors, both foreign and American, are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives, to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan, a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui, PhD, from Karachi.
with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives, to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan, a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui, PhD, from KarachiVarious doctors, both foreign and Americanassociated
with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives, to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan, a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui, PhD, from Karachiassociated Various doctors, both foreign and American
Various doctors, both foreign and Americanwith Al Qaeda leaders or operatives, to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan, a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui, PhD, from Karachiassociated
Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan was charged along with his son, Ahmed, for harboring the fugitives.
charged Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan along with his son, Ahmed
along with his son, Ahmedcharged Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan
along with his son, AhmedMicrobiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan charged
As of March 28, 2003, he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted "pre-arrest bail."
he in a hospital As of March 28, 2003for a cardiac problem
As of March 28, 2003he in a hospital for a cardiac problem
for a cardiac problem he As of March 28, 2003in a hospital
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos, who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low-IQ due to lead poisoning.
all you read about at the time was the arrest
was the arrest all you read about at the time
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui, who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology.
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003.
reported The Pakistani press
The Pakistani press reported
If mistaken, how did those reports first come about?
those reports come about
come aboutthose reports
Understandably, Amerithrax is a confidential investigation.
Amerithrax is a confidential investigation
is a confidential investigationAmerithrax
The Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt.
grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhuntThe Pakistan ISI and CIA
The Pakistan ISI and CIA press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhuntgrant
press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhuntThe Pakistan ISI and CIA grant
The CIA did not even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 days after his arrest.
access to KSM for 10 days after his arrestThe CIA allow the FBI
for 10 days after his arrestaccess to KSM allow The CIA the FBI
allow access to KSM The CIA the FBI for 10 days after his arrest
As agent Van Harp, then head of the Amerithrax investigation said, the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information.
the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified
is classified the information coming from Khalid Mohammed
While it's not easy to separate fact from fiction, Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought.
Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller confirmed
confirmed Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller
They would know.
knowThey
They know
Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of March.
Her mother Ismat saw Aafia and her grandchildren
Her mother Ismat Aafia and her grandchildren saw
Aafia and her grandchildren saw Her mother Ismat
Aafia was on her way with her children to visit and uncle and a friend in Islamabad.
was with her children on her way Aafia
was with her children Aafia on her way
with her children Aafia was on her way
According to the Pakistan reports, Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport (after she was followed to a relative's house).
According to the Pakistan reportsdetained Aafia Siddiqui
According to the Pakistan reportsAafia Siddiqui detained
Aafia Siddiqui According to the Pakistan reportsdetained
(Karachi is in the south).
in the southKarachi
Karachi in the south
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda's "Chemical Wire Group."
say The reports
The reports say
The family's lawyer advises me that Aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called Ismat from the train station.
The family's lawyer me advises
advises me The family's lawyer
me The family's lawyer advises
That was the last Ismat heard from her.
was the last That
That was the last
Aafia never reached the uncle's house.
reached the uncle's houseAafia
reached Aafia the uncle's house
the uncle's housereached Aafia
Perhaps something got lost in the translation, but the phrase "Chemical Wire Group" has appeared in all the english Pakistan and India papers.
got something
something got
The family's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals (and that would not appear to be her training).
advises The family's attorney me
me advises The family's attorney
me The family's attorney advises
There still is a very hot pursuit of the "Atta-level" Floridian, Adnan El Shukrijumah, who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting.
a very hot pursuit of the "Atta-level" Floridian, Adnan El Shukrijumah, who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assistingis
is a very hot pursuit of the "Atta-level" Floridian, Adnan El Shukrijumah, who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting
His nickname is "Jafar the Pilot."
His nickname is "Jafar
is "Jafar His nickname
A senior DOJ official reports that Adnan has experience as a commercial pilot.
A senior DOJ official reports
reports A senior DOJ official
He is said by one FBI agent to be "very, very, very" dangerous.
He by one FBI agent said
said by one FBI agent He
by one FBI agent said He
He allegedly was at one or more meetings in the Summer of 2001 in Pakistan at which KSM and Sufaat were present.
at one or more meetings He
He at one or more meetings
He may have been seen in Hamilton, Canada -- along with Egyptian al-Maati, who apparently also has received pilot training.
He along with Egyptian al-Maati, who apparently also has received pilot trainingin Hamilton, Canada seen
seen He along with Egyptian al-Maati, who apparently also has received pilot trainingin Hamilton, Canada
along with Egyptian al-Maati, who apparently also has received pilot trainingHe in Hamilton, Canada seen
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically-based preconceptions.
The United States time for faulty analysis or politically-based preconceptionshas
The United States has time for faulty analysis or politically-based preconceptions
has The United States time for faulty analysis or politically-based preconceptions
In early June 2003, a CIA report concluded that the reason for Atta's and Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax.
a CIA report concluded In early June 2003
concluded a CIA report In early June 2003
In early June 2003concluded a CIA report
It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents (since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam).
It (since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam)known
It known (since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam)
known (since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam)It
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in Afghanistan.
appears The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan.
The lesion is further evidence of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program at Kandahar.
The lesion is further evidence
is further evidence The lesion
The present evidence relating to Atta's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq.
The present evidence relating to Atta's alleged travel to Prague a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraqwarrant
a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from IraqThe present evidence relating to Atta's alleged travel to Prague warrant
warrant The present evidence relating to Atta's alleged travel to Prague a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq
Iraq, however, remains a possible source of the Ames.
Iraqremains
remains Iraq
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had the Ames strain.
said Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek said
(His conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the US by the Chalabi associate "Curveball", which Alibek divined to be identical to Russian mobile lab design).
Zawahiri did travel to Baghdad in 1998 with an entourage to attend the birthday party of Saddam's son.
to Baghdad Zawahiri in 1998 with an entourage travel
Zawahiri with an entourage travel in 1998 to Baghdad
travel in 1998 to Baghdad with an entourage Zawahiri
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat, Iraq's secret police, show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan.
show The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat, Iraq's secret police
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat, Iraq's secret policeshow
According to at least some reports, Bin Laden rejected the suggestion of a closer alliance -- preferring to pursue his own concept of jihad.
According to at least some reportsthe suggestion of a closer alliance rejected Bin Laden
the suggestion of a closer alliance According to at least some reportsrejected Bin Laden
Bin Laden According to at least some reportsthe suggestion of a closer alliance rejected
Two top Iraqi scientists, code named Charlie and Alpha, are helping the coalition to learn more about Iraqi's anthrax program, according to Dr. David Kay, head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for WMD.
Two top Iraqi scientists, code named Charlie and Alphathe coalition according to Dr. David Kay, head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for WMDhelping
the coalition according to Dr. David Kay, head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for WMDTwo top Iraqi scientists, code named Charlie and Alphahelping
helping according to Dr. David Kay, head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for WMDTwo top Iraqi scientists, code named Charlie and Alphathe coalition
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax.
He said
said He
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as "liberals."
on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted been seriously confused The media coverage
been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted The media coverage
The media coverage on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted been seriously confused
Zawahiri likely targeted Senators Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax letters, in addition to various media outlets, because of the appropriations made pursuant to the "Leahy Law" to military and security forces.
Zawahiri in addition to various media outletstargeted Senators Daschle and Leahy because of the appropriations made pursuant to the "Leahy Law" to military and security forces
because of the appropriations made pursuant to the "Leahy Law" to military and security forcesin addition to various media outletsSenators Daschle and Leahy targeted Zawahiri
in addition to various media outletsZawahiri targeted Senators Daschle and Leahy because of the appropriations made pursuant to the "Leahy Law" to military and security forces
That money has prevented the militant islamists from achieving their goals.
That money the militant islamists prevented
the militant islamists That money prevented
prevented the militant islamists That money
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI's involvement in countries like Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, Indonesia, and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries.
feel Al Qaeda members and sympathizers
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel
According to a post she made on the internet, Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan.
the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistanexpressed Aafia Siddiqui According to a post she made on the internet
in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistanthe same sentiment Aafia Siddiqui expressed According to a post she made on the internet
the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from PakistanAccording to a post she made on the internetexpressed Aafia Siddiqui
Senator Leahy was Chairman of both the Judiciary Committee overseeing the FBI and Appropriations Subcommittee in charge of foreign aid to these countries.
Senator Leahy was Chairman
was Chairman Senator Leahy
In late September 2001, it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists.
In late September 2001it announced
it announced In late September 2001
announced In late September 2001it
This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders, along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt, remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri.
This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders, along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egyptremains
remains This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders, along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt
At the height of the development of his biological weapons program, his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the "Albanian returnees" case (now he faces retrial).
At the height of the development of his biological weapons programhis brother extradited
extradited his brother At the height of the development of his biological weapons program
extradited At the height of the development of his biological weapons programhis brother
It's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations, debt forgiveness, and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan.
It's hard
's hard It
Those appropriations pale in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of Iraq.
Those appropriations in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of Iraqpale
pale in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of IraqThose appropriations
pale Those appropriations in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of Iraq
Al Qaeda had a motive in mind.
in minda motive had Al Qaeda
in mindhad Al Qaeda a motive
Al Qaeda a motive had in mind
In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under the Banner of the Prophet, Zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling "lies" about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant islamists were somehow the creation of the United States in connection with expelling the Russians from Afghanistan.
Zawahiri In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under the Banner of the Prophetargued
argued Zawahiri In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under the Banner of the Prophet
In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under the Banner of the Prophetargued Zawahiri
Zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel.
Zawahiri argued
argued Zawahiri
The anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention.
on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated The anthrax letters sent
The anthrax letters on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated sent
The anthrax letters sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat was assassinated
Most of the "talking heads" on television, however, knew only that Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspapers.
Most of the "talking heads" on televisionknew
knew Most of the "talking heads" on television
The FBI's profile includes a US-based supporter of the militant islamists.
includes The FBI's profile a US-based supporter of the militant islamists
a US-based supporter of the militant islamistsincludes The FBI's profile
includes a US-based supporter of the militant islamistsThe FBI's profile
Attorney General Ashcroft explained that an "either-or" approach is not useful.
Attorney General Ashcroft explained
explained Attorney General Ashcroft
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word "domestic" the word includes a US-based, highly-educated supporter of the militant islamists.
tended The media
The media tended
There is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI, the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage.
an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI, the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriageis
is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI, the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees (as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole) supports the conclusion that there were not one, but two, such mailings containing anthrax.
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees (as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole) supports the conclusion that there were not one, but two, such mailings containing anthrax
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees (as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole) the conclusion that there were not one, but two, such mailings containing anthraxsupports
supports the conclusion that there were not one, but two, such mailings containing anthraxA report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees (as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole)
(The letters were to different AMI publications -- one to the National Enquirer and another to The Sun).
The letters AMI publications
AMI publications The letters
(News assistant Bobby Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The Sun.)
News assistant Bobby Bender the letter containing the items recalls
recalls the letter containing the items News assistant Bobby Bender
the letter containing the items recalls News assistant Bobby Bender
This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by Zawahiri, it is their signature.
This tactic of letters modus operandi
modus operandi This tactic of letters
The islamists sent letter bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington, D.C..
The islamists sent in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington, D.C.letter bombs
in January 1997 sent The islamists letter bombs to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington, D.C.
to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington, D.C.in January 1997 The islamists sent letter bombs
They were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, Sheik Abdel Rahman.
They sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, Sheik Abdel Rahman
in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, Sheik Abdel RahmanThey sent
They in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, Sheik Abdel Rahmansent
The former leader of the Egyptian Al-Gamaa al-Islamiya ("Islamic Group"), he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda.
was also a spiritual leader The former leader of the Egyptian Al-Gamaa al-Islamiya ("Islamic Group"), he
The former leader of the Egyptian Al-Gamaa al-Islamiya ("Islamic Group"), he was also a spiritual leader
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot.
sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plotThe letter bombs
The letter bombs sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot
in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plotsent The letter bombs
The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message.
was The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty
The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty was
(There initially was an outstanding $2 million reward -- under the rewards for justice program, the reward now is up to $5 million.).
an outstanding $2 million reward was
was an outstanding $2 million reward
There was no claim of responsibility.
no claim of responsibilitywas
was no claim of responsibility
There was no explanation.
was no explanation
no explanationwas
Once one had been received, the next ten, mailed on two separate dates, were easily collected.
the next ten, mailed on two separate datescollected
collectedthe next ten, mailed on two separate dates
Sound familiar?
Two bombs were also sent to Leavenworth, where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned, addressed to "Parole Officer."
to Leavenworth, where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisonedTwo bombs sent
Two bombs to Leavenworth, where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisonedsent
Two bombs sent to Leavenworth, where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned
(The position does not exist).
existThe position
The position exist
Abdel Rahman's son was captured in Quetta, Pakistan in mid-February 2003.
in Quetta, Pakistan captured Abdel Rahman's son in mid-February 2003
in mid-February 2003Abdel Rahman's son captured in Quetta, Pakistan
captured in mid-February 2003Abdel Rahman's son in Quetta, Pakistan
That arrest in turn led to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed, Al Qaeda's #3.
to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed, Al Qaeda's #3led in turn That arrest
That arrest to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed, Al Qaeda's #3in turn led
to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed, Al Qaeda's #3That arrest led in turn
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan.
Mohammed hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan
in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos KhanMohammed hiding
hiding Mohammed in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan
Along with Zawahiri, Abdel Rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over Bin Laden.
Abdel Rahman and his two sons considerable influence over Bin LadenAlong with Zawahirihad
Abdel Rahman and his two sons considerable influence over Bin Ladenhad Along with Zawahiri
considerable influence over Bin Ladenhad Along with ZawahiriAbdel Rahman and his two sons
He reportedly treated them like sons.
treated He like sonsthem
He treated them like sons
He them treated like sons
Although while in jail in the early 1980s, Zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik's ability to lead a coalition of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Egyptian Islamic Group, Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman's friends.
Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman's friends
are Rahman's friendsZawahiri and OBL
The imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef was KSM's nephew.
The imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef was KSM's nephew
was KSM's nephewThe imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef
Thus, the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center.
had the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center
a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Centerthe leaders in charge of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program had
the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda's anthrax production program a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Centerhad
According to the controversial "Feith memo," which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda connection, Osama Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were sent.
Osama Bin Laden Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were sentAccording to the controversial "Feith memo," which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda connectionasked
Osama Bin Laden According to the controversial "Feith memo," which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda connectionIraqi intelligence asked for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were sent
According to the controversial "Feith memo," which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda connectionfor technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were sentasked Osama Bin Laden Iraqi intelligence
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive.
As Brian Jenkins once said, "terrorism is theater."
terrorism is theater
is theaterterrorism
A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in Belgium in 2003.
in New Zealand A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003
in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand cyanide A sender purporting to be islamist sent
in New Zealand sent A sender purporting to be islamist in both early 2002 and early 2003 cyanide
There's even a chapter titled "Poisonous Letter" in the Al Qaeda manual.
a chapter titled "Poisonous Letter" in the Al Qaeda manual's
a chapter titled "Poisonous Letter" 's in the Al Qaeda manual
's a chapter titled "Poisonous Letter" in the Al Qaeda manual
The "Federal Eagle" stamp used in the anthrax mailings was a blue-green.
The "Federal Eagle" stamp used in the anthrax mailings blue-green
blue-greenThe "Federal Eagle" stamp used in the anthrax mailings
It was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise "in the hearts of green birds."
It among the militant islamists published
It published among the militant islamists
among the militant islamists It published
In the very interview in which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes, the masterminds admitted to the Jenny code, the code for representing the date 9/11, and used the symbolism of the "Green Birds."
to the Jenny code, the code for representing the date 9/11the masterminds admitted In the very interview in which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes
to the Jenny code, the code for representing the date 9/11In the very interview in which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for the planesthe masterminds admitted
the masterminds In the very interview in which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for the planesadmitted to the Jenny code, the code for representing the date 9/11
Osama Bin Laden later invoked the symbolism in his video "The 19 Martyrs."
invoked the symbolism Osama Bin Laden in his video "The 19 Martyrs
the symbolism invoked in his video "The 19 MartyrsOsama Bin Laden
invoked Osama Bin Laden the symbolism in his video "The 19 Martyrs
A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website explained that "In the Hearts of Green Birds" refers to what is inside.
A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website explained
explained A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website
The mailer's use of "Greendale School" as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing.
The mailer's use of "Greendale School" as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing
is also revealingThe mailer's use of "Greendale School" as the return address for the letters to the Senators
A May 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish that Zawahiri used "school" as a code word for the Egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence.
A May 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish
establish A May 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad
Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed's color.
Islam symbolizes Green
symbolizes Green Islam
symbolizes Islam Green
By Greendale School, the anthrax perp was being cute, just as Yazid Sufaat was being cute in naming his lab Green Laboratory Medicine.
the anthrax perp being cuteBy Greendale School
being cutethe anthrax perp By Greendale School
the anthrax perp By Greendale Schoolbeing cute
"Dale" means "river valley."
river valleymeans "Dale"
"Dale" river valleymeans
means "Dale" river valley
Greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e., Cairo's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group.
Greendale refers to green river valley -- i.e., Cairo's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group
refers to green river valley -- i.e., Cairo's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic GroupGreendale
to green river valley -- i.e., Cairo's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic GroupGreendale refers
The sender probably is announcing that he is of either Egyptian Islamic Jihad, Egyptian Islamic Group or Jihad-al Qaeda, which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda.
announcing The sender
The sender announcing
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained, recruits would wear green uniforms, except for Friday when they were washed.
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trainedexcept for Friday when they were washedrecruits wear green uniforms
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trainedrecruits except for Friday when they were washedgreen uniformswear
except for Friday when they were washedAt the Darunta complex where jihadis trainedgreen uniformswear recruits
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise.
explains the Messenger of Allah In a Hadith
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains
the Messenger of Allah In a Hadith explains
As to opportunity, though seldom reported, there is a wealth of "open source" information about possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Egyptian Islamic Group in the United States and Canada.
a wealth of "open source" information about possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Egyptian Islamic Group in the United States and Canadais As to opportunity
As to opportunitya wealth of "open source" information about possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Egyptian Islamic Group is in the United States and Canada
is in the United States and CanadaAs to opportunitya wealth of "open source" information about possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Egyptian Islamic Group
The public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought.
The public information relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought
The public information to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being soughtrelates
relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being soughtThe public information
Zawahiri's mission in the United States in 1995 was to do spadework for terrorism, not fundraising for charitable causes.
He traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed.
traveled under an alias He
traveled He under an alias
under an alias He traveled
What mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet?
What mosques exactly visit they
they visit What mosques exactly
they What mosques exactly visit
Whatever your political persuasion, the FBI and CIA deserve our support.
Whatever your political persuasionour supportthe FBI and CIA deserve
deserve Whatever your political persuasionour supportthe FBI and CIA
our supportdeserve Whatever your political persuasionthe FBI and CIA
We are, after all, in this together.
We after allin this
after allWe in this
in this We after all
First, the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second-guess (or even know) what the FBI is doing.
the nature of such an investigation is
is the nature of such an investigation
Media reports are a poor approximation of reality because of the lack of good sources.
Media reports because of the lack of good sourcesare a poor approximation
because of the lack of good sourcesMedia reports are a poor approximation
are a poor approximation Media reports because of the lack of good sources
Second, hindsight is 20/20.
hindsight is 20/20
is 20/20hindsight
Third, with the "new age" Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. in charge of the investigation, it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security.
it is not likely
is not likely it
Finally, the "Hatfill theory" seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor.
seems the "Hatfill theory"
the "Hatfill theory" seems
The "Hatfill theory" accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious.
The "Hatfill theory" accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious
was always highly dubiousThe "Hatfill theory" accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill
The suspicion was founded on many false premises, and there was no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt.
The suspicion on many false premisesfounded
The suspicion founded on many false premises
on many false premisesfounded The suspicion
The FBI's fixation on Hatfill (at least as rumored by some reporters) may have stemmed from a warning by one Senator that careers hung in the balance.
stemmed from a warning by one Senator that careers hung in the balanceThe FBI's fixation on Hatfill
The FBI's fixation on Hatfill from a warning by one Senator that careers hung in the balancestemmed
from a warning by one Senator that careers hung in the balanceThe FBI's fixation on Hatfill stemmed
Leahy's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right-winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted.
started with the strong predisposition that some right-winger was involved Leahy's chief of staff
with the strong predisposition that some right-winger was involved Leahy's chief of staff started
started Leahy's chief of staff with the strong predisposition that some right-winger was involved
The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7/24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit.
is now the subject The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7/24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists
The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7/24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists is now the subject
A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004.
A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof in late November 2004dismissed
dismissed A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof in late November 2004
A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof dismissed in late November 2004
The judge had agreed to delay the civil rights matter from proceeding until at least October 2004.
agreed The judge
The judge agreed
The judge, frustrated by the apparent lack of progress, encouraged that the parties reach a negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed (and the judge has directed that the government to file an Answer to the Complaint).
encouraged The judge
The judgeencouraged
The Hatfill Theory ironically might best be understood as an Al Qaeda theory, with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances.
as an Al Qaeda theory, with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstancesThe Hatfill Theory understood
The Hatfill Theory understood as an Al Qaeda theory, with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances
understood as an Al Qaeda theory, with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstancesThe Hatfill Theory
Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion, it is only fair that the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr. Hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case.
is only fair Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion
Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicionis only fair
A search of Dr. Ken Berry's residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory.
A search of Dr. Ken Berry's residences prove
prove A search of Dr. Ken Berry's residences
Senior officials have been quoted in the press as saying that the searches were for the purpose of excluding him as much as including him.
quoted in the press Senior officials
Senior officials in the press quoted
in the press quoted Senior officials
Maureen,
Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets (August Board meeting) one more time before I forward it to you.
going Andre
Andre going
He will make sure that we do not request FX and inflation (CPI,PPI, etc.) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed.
make He
He make
Typically, we receive both FX and inflation from you, but both curves may not always be used.
we from youboth FX and inflation receive
receive we from youboth FX and inflation
receive both FX and inflation from youwe
I hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests.
hope I
I hope
For now, this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX and/or inflation curves.
For nowthis is the list
this For nowis the list
is the list For nowthis
I will send the specifics per Andre later today.
todayI the specifics per Andre send
the specifics todayI send per Andre
per Andre todaysend the specifics I
Puerto Rico CPI only (I need historical inflation data, as well)
Brazil we have current data already
China we have current data already
Euro inflation only
I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting/IV group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already.
am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting/IV group I
I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting/IV group
am not certain I about the needs for the London Underwriting/IV group
Thanks!
David and Cindy,
Please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the August Board meeting.
us send the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the August Board meeting
the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the August Board meetingus send
us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the August Board meetingsend
Thanks,
Philip,
I have to decline the invitation with regrets.
have I
I have
I have too many commitments right now.
I too many commitments have
have I too many commitments
too many commitments have I
Vince Kaminski
Dear Vince
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk 2001 Australia, which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001.
Have you had an opportunity to consider the invitation yet?
you had an opportunity to consider the invitation
you an opportunity to consider the invitation had
an opportunity to consider the invitation you had
We are aiming to have the programme printed next week, so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year's congress.
aiming We
We aiming
I am working from our Hong Kong office for this week only (Tel: +852 2545 2710), and I can be contacted by phone there or by email.
working for this week only from our Hong Kong office I
working from our Hong Kong office I for this week only
from our Hong Kong office working I for this week only
Kind regards.
Philip Annesley Conference Producer Risk Waters Group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30.
at Sullivan's Steak House our reservations for the Round Table made Friday night (5/18) Beth for 6:30
made Friday night (5/18) our reservations for the Round Table at Sullivan's Steak House Beth for 6:30
made at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30our reservations for the Round Table Beth Friday night (5/18)
See you all there - this is ling overdue
you all See
See you all
Paula,
Thanks a lot.
Will you drive on that day?
drive on that dayyou
on that daydrive you
you on that daydrive
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30.
our reservations for the Round Table at Sullivan's Steak House Beth for 6:30Friday night (5/18) made
Friday night (5/18) for 6:30our reservations for the Round Table at Sullivan's Steak House Beth made
Beth for 6:30made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House
See you all there - this is ling overdue
you all See
See you all
Anne, Mike will call you regarding Sarah.
regarding Sarahyou call Mike
regarding Sarahyou Mike call
you regarding Sarahcall Mike
Vince,
As I mentioned in my voice mail, Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody, a recent MBA grad from Rice, into his group.
However, when we were talking about this position, Mike compared Sara to Elena.
Mike Sara to Elenacompared
to ElenaMike compared Sara
Sara to Elenacompared Mike
Elena's title is admin coordinator, and I know that Sara should not have this title, and honestly do not think that Elena should also.
is admin coordinatorElena's title
Elena's title is admin coordinator
Admin coordinator's do primarily administrative work.
do Admin coordinator's primarily administrative work
Admin coordinator's primarily administrative workdo
Admin coordinator's do primarily administrative work
I suggest that you compare Elena and Sarah's duties/ level to other Sr. Spec. in your group such as Kenneth Parkhill and Sevil to determine if they are equivalent, or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad.
suggest I
I suggest
If the latter is the case, we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33-66K).
we both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group place
in a specialist job group we both Sara and Elena place
place in a specialist job group both Sara and Elena we
Please advise.
Thanks,
Clayton,
Thanks a lot.
I appreciate all your help.
appreciate all your helpI
all your helpI appreciate
I appreciate all your help
Vince-
Good news.
Martin's box is working wonderfully- I'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday.
working Martin's box
Martin's box working
This was (another) nice deal for Enron.
This was (another) nice deal
was (another) nice deal This
We save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone.
save $21,000 in real money We this way
save this wayWe $21,000 in real money
We save this way$21,000 in real money
I'm happy about this.
I'm happy about this
Iabout this'm happy
'm happy about thisI
Iris,
Congratulations.
Anne, please, include this info in Iris' file
this info include Annein Iris' file
this info Annein Iris' file include
include Annein Iris' file this info
Michael:
Thanks for putting the paperwork together.
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have access to now.
I have interest in meeting
interest in meeting I have
have interest in meeting I
Most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund, telling me to invest in Home Depot, Sun, and Coke, or trying to pass off their banks' biased research reports as something valuable.
in the past Most of my contact with financial advisors consisted
Most of my contact with financial advisors in the past consisted
Most of my contact with financial advisors consisted in the past
The above services provide no value to me personally.
to me The above services no value provide
The above services no value to me provide
no value to me The above services provide
If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds, or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P, I'd listen.
listenI
Ilisten
John -
We'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options.
the paperwork Weget
the paperwork get We
Weget the paperwork
At some point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close?
At some pointlike I
like At some pointI
At some pointIlike
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber, Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax: 713-654-1281 Cell: 281-435-0295
Michael:
Appreciate the idea.
the ideaAppreciate
Appreciate the idea
However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to really trade around the position.
with my natural longIlooking
Iwith my natural longlooking
looking Iwith my natural long
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound, but in case it is not, I don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium.
believe I
I believe
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy.
have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE I
price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE have I
price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE I have
To that regards, I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls.
noticed To that regardsI
To that regardsI noticed
I To that regardsnoticed
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options.
like I that ability
that ability I like
that ability like I
Please look into that for me.
look for meinto that
into that look for me
look into that for me
John.
John -
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold.
looking at the recent pullback in ENE I
at the recent pullback in ENE I looking
I looking at the recent pullback in ENE
Of course, you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce.
in a position you
you in a position
I'm not sure that ENE @ 75 is the place, but maybe @ 73.
'm not sure I
I'm not sure
Call me if you're interested.
me Call
Call me
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber, Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax: 713-654-1281 Cell: 281-435-0295
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail accepted by PaineWebber
by PaineWebber Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail accepted
accepted by PaineWebber Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions.
by PaineWebber Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail accepted
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail by PaineWebber accepted
by PaineWebber accepted Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail.
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions.
by PaineWebber Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail accepted
Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail by PaineWebber accepted
by PaineWebber accepted Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its employees.
Who cares??????
caresWho
Who cares
Please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to Sean.Cooper@ElPaso.com
He just rescheduled to Wednesday.
rescheduled to WednesdayHe
rescheduled He to Wednesday
to Wednesdayrescheduled He
How about dinner on Wednesday after that ?
How about dinner on Wednesday after that
about dinner on Wednesday after that How
Your buddy Beau invited me.
Your buddy Beau meinvited
Your buddy Beau invited me
invited meYour buddy Beau
How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday.
How about prior to that or after that on Tuesday
about prior to that or after that on TuesdayHow
not really...
already have plans on thursday .
on thursday plans have
have plans on thursday
on thursday have plans
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
you Tuesdayto the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour going
you to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesdaygoing
you Tuesdaygoing to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour
oh god is there an agenda.
is an agenda
an agendais
Would dinner Thursday work instead.
dinner Thursday work
work dinner Thursday
not really...
already have plans on thursday .
on thursday have plans
on thursday plans have
plans on thursday have
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesdayyou
Tuesdayto the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour you going
to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesdayyou going
oh god is there an agenda.
is an agenda
an agendais
Wednesday doesn't work for me.
Wednesday work for me
for meWednesday work
work for meWednesday
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time
about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston timeHow
i completely agree.
agreei
i agree
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything.
like I
I like
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.
My only concern is
is My only concern
What do you guys think.
thinkyou guys What
you guys thinkWhat
you guys What think
OK.
I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday.
have I
I have
Monday's starting next week at 4???????????????
Wednesday doesn't work for me.
work for meWednesday
for mework Wednesday
Wednesday work for me
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.
about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston timeHow
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time
i completely agree.
agreei
i agree
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything.
I like
like I
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.
My only concern is
is My only concern
What do you guys think.
What thinkyou guys
you guys thinkWhat
What you guys think
Not yet.
Did you happen to sign your employment agreement?
happen you
you happen
Please respond to request below.
respond to request below
to request belowrespond
Thanks.
John Lavorato has requested the attached report.
John Lavorato requested the attached report
John Lavorato the attached reportrequested
requested the attached reportJohn Lavorato
He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories- in particular, Real Time Traders.
He about the allocation amongst categories- in particular, Real Time Tradersis concerned
is concerned about the allocation amongst categories- in particular, Real Time TradersHe
is concerned He about the allocation amongst categories- in particular, Real Time Traders
If you would, please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening, if possible.
the entire list review
review the entire list
I'm at xif you have any questions.
at xI
Iat x
Thanks!
I understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose Dean (which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k), we will end up hiring a replacement at 75-80k.
understand all of those comparisonsI
I understand all of those comparisons
all of those comparisonsunderstand I
This is pretty easy math for me.
for meis pretty easy math This
This for meis pretty easy math
for meThis is pretty easy math
I know it seems like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now.
know I
I know
I would like to get this done ASAP.
like I
I like
Thanks.
I am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent.
I reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent
the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean LaurentI reviewing
the request for an employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurentreviewing I
Juan communicated some numbers to me and when reviewing this request would like to ask you to consider the following:
to me Juan some numbers communicated
some numbers to me Juan communicated
communicated to me Juan some numbers
Current Salary: $47,500
Job Group: Specialist
YE PRC Rating: Satisfactory
Original Proposition:
Base Salary 65k
1 Year Agreement
$5,000 signing
Revised Proposal:
Base Salary: 55k
1 Year agreement
$5,000 signing
Business Case: If we offered Dean 55k or 60k it would still constitute a over a $10,000 increase (approximately 25%) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level.
Also, the top of the salary range for a specialist is 66k.
the top of the salary range for a specialist 66k
66kthe top of the salary range for a specialist
It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted.
give room to progress in the current job group It him
It him give room to progress in the current job group
give him room to progress in the current job group It
Secondly, he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai.
performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkaiprice he
price he performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai
he price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai
Salary Listing in Job Group:
Maria Valdes superior $62,500
Paul Thomas excellent $55,008
Jason Choate excellent $60,008
Todd DeCook strong $42,008
Peter Makkai strong $47,500
Let me know your thoughts....then I will run it by Oxley.
me Let
Let me
Are we going to attend?
we going
going we
Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference Feb. 5-8, 2002, Miami, Florida
This conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC 's RTO initiatives.
examine This conference the business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC 's RTO initiatives
This conference the business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC 's RTO initiativesexamine
examine the business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC 's RTO initiativesThis conference
The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them.
the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to themreview The conference
The conference the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to themreview
the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to themThe conference review
It will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion.
examine It technology options and new business models for transmission expansion
technology options and new business models for transmission expansionexamine It
It examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion
It will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives to FERC's traditional pricing methods.
analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives to FERC's traditional pricing methodsIt
It analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives to FERC's traditional pricing methods
analyze It emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives to FERC's traditional pricing methods
The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system.
what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading systemdiscuss The conference
The conference discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system
what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading systemThe conference discuss
The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below:<http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf> << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>
The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops obtained
obtained The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops
Electricity Market Design Conference March 25-26, 2002, Atlanta, Georgia
I need to check something in 969's 2000 tax return.
I need
need I
Who has the 2000 tax return file for 969?
the 2000 tax return file for 969Who has
has Who the 2000 tax return file for 969
has the 2000 tax return file for 969Who
Sonya City
07/30/2001 05:17 PM
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
I think that this is for you since I don't know any of these people.
I think
think I
WHO: Enron
WHAT: Happy Hour for John Suarez
WHEN: Today at 5pm
WHERE: The Front Porch 217 Gray St. (713) 571-9571
WHY: Today is John's last day at EBS.
This is NOT an Enron-sponsored event.
is NOT an Enron-sponsored eventThis
This is NOT an Enron-sponsored event
How do you feel about taking on another company?
you feel
feel you
Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world (see below).
proposed Essie and Leon
Essie and Leon proposed
Do you concur?
concuryou
you concur
Please let me know Monday morning.
Monday morningme let
me let Monday morning
Monday morninglet me
Regards,
If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should be helpful.
be helpfulEssie's guidance
Essie's guidance be helpful
Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774
Please see my comments in red below.
see in red my comments
my comments see in red
my comments in red see
Essie,
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
recommend you
you recommend
If possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5?
you give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5
give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5you
an indication of the rank - 1 through 5give you
Thanks,
I have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a group.
have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a groupI
a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a grouphave I
a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a groupI have
18T - EI Indonesia Operations LLC
This entity is not in TIS, SAP, nor Hyperion.
This entity in TIS
in TISThis entity
The 2000 tax return has no income, assets, or liabilities.
has no income, assets, or liabilitiesThe 2000 tax return
The 2000 tax return no income, assets, or liabilitieshas
has The 2000 tax return no income, assets, or liabilities
There is a corporate data sheet for this company, but this entity seems to have been inactive since it's creation.
a corporate data sheet for this companyis
is a corporate data sheet for this company
86M - Enron Net Works LLC
Despite the name, this entity appears to be a MTM company.
this entity Despite the nameappears
appears this entity Despite the name
appears Despite the namethis entity
Per September financials, this company has about $3M of MTM and about $8K of expenses, nothing else.
this company Per September financialshas about $3M of MTM and about $8K of expenses, nothing else
about $3M of MTM and about $8K of expenses, nothing elsehas this company Per September financials
Per September financialsabout $3M of MTM and about $8K of expenses, nothing elsethis company has
The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS, and did not get assigned during the reorg.
The next 5 companies were my responsibility
were my responsibility The next 5 companies
80Y - Enron Broadband Acquisition, Inc.
This entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications (now Enron WarpSpeed Services, Inc. 83N), and then dissolved upon completion of merger.
for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications (now Enron WarpSpeed Services, Inc. 83N)in 2000 This entity created
in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications (now Enron WarpSpeed Services, Inc. 83N)This entity created
created in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications (now Enron WarpSpeed Services, Inc. 83N)This entity
Company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities, but no I/S items.
with a small amount of assets and liabilities, but no I/S itemsCompany is around
with a small amount of assets and liabilities, but no I/S itemsis around Company
Company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities, but no I/S items
83N is my responsibility.
83N is my responsibility
is my responsibility83N
I think this entity should stay with 83N.
think I
I think
So I suggest it be assigned to Leon.
I suggest
suggest I
It should be 4 - easy.
be 4 It
It be 4
1579 - EBS Network Co. Division of 17H.
This one should possibly be assigned to Networks & Services group.
This one assigned to Networks & Services group
to Networks & Services groupThis one assigned
to Networks & Services groupassigned This one
Not currently on our list of companies.
I think this could go to either Holding/Administrative Companies (Same as 17H) or Network & Services (Leon).
I think
think I
4 - easy.
1691 - EPI-EBS Europe
Set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities.
Set up last month
last month Set up
Broke out the activities of 1179.
the activities of 1179Broke out
Broke out the activities of 1179
A similar entity (1179) was assigned to Commodity and Trade (Todd Richards and Mary Fischer) so this one should be assigned to them as well.
to Commodity and Trade (Todd Richards and Mary Fischer) A similar entity (1179) assigned
A similar entity (1179) to Commodity and Trade (Todd Richards and Mary Fischer) assigned
assigned to Commodity and Trade (Todd Richards and Mary Fischer) A similar entity (1179)
4 - easy.
1307 - EBIC-Apache, LLC
Rolls up to Cherokee Finance VOF, a CFC.
Rolls up to Cherokee Finance VOF, a CFC
up to Cherokee Finance VOF, a CFCRolls
Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker).
to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker)Cherokee Finance VOF assigned
to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker)assigned Cherokee Finance VOF
Cherokee Finance VOF to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker)assigned
Maybe this one should also go to them as the only tax which may have to be provided would be foreign tax.
to them this one go
this one to them go
this one go to them
4 - easy.
1689 - EPI-EBS Ventures, LLC
Set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities.
last month Set up
Set up last month
Broke out the activities of 1307.
the activities of 1307Broke out
Broke out the activities of 1307
Same as 1307.
Same as 1307
as 1307Same
It should be assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker).
to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker)It assigned
to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker)assigned It
assigned It to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker)
4 - easy.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Let me
me Let
Leon Branom Senior Tax Analyst Networks and Services (713) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com
No problem about moving Company 1691 over
I see that it is a 4, so that will be no problem.
I see
see I
How do you feel about taking on another company?
feel you
you feel
Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world (see below).
Essie and Leon proposed
proposed Essie and Leon
Do you concur?
concuryou
you concur
Please let me know Monday morning.
me Monday morninglet
Monday morningme let
Monday morninglet me
Regards,
If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should be helpful.
be helpfulEssie's guidance
Essie's guidance be helpful
Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774
Please see my comments in red below.
my comments see in red
my comments in red see
in red see my comments
Essie,
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
recommend you
you recommend
If possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5?
give you an indication of the rank - 1 through 5
give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5you
you give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5
Thanks,
Virginia,
Hello.
I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph.
inquiring I
I inquiring
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London, William Weston.
found them I
them I found
I found them
They should be delivered this week.
this weekThey delivered
They delivered this week
this weekdelivered They
They are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection.
They are beautiful
are beautiful They
By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent.
By the way the Lichtenstein is
By the way is the Lichtenstein
the Lichtenstein is By the way
I have also purchased an Appel in the last month.
I an Appel in the last monthpurchased
an Appel I purchased in the last month
an Appel purchased I in the last month
I am interested in several artists.
I in several artistsam interested
I am interested in several artists
am interested in several artistsI
Actually, a lot.
I will be looking for one or more of the following.
looking I for one or more of the following
looking for one or more of the followingI
for one or more of the followingI looking
My concept is that overtime I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like.
is My concept
My concept is
I listed all of our (sometimes mine vs. my wife's favorites and priorities).
I listed all of our (sometimes mine vs. my wife's favorites and priorities
listed I all of our (sometimes mine vs. my wife's favorites and priorities
listed all of our (sometimes mine vs. my wife's favorites and prioritiesI
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it.
They rank order
rank order They
I want signed and numbered.
signed and numberedwant I
want I signed and numbered
want signed and numberedI
I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision.
I realize
realize I
I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive.
realize I
I realize
For example, I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper.
For examplelike I
I like For example
I For examplelike
At least that is what I am thinking now.
that is what
is what that
Bonnard (colorful only)
Suerat (any works on paper? -
I don't know that he did any)
know I
I know
Other impressionist or post impressionist lithos
By the way, I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso (although we have 2) that your gallery had a couple of years ago.
am interested By the wayI
By the wayam interested I
am interested I By the way
It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a "push wa" (pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling).
It was a cubist piece
was a cubist piece It
It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $20,000.
in a couple of galleries in SF for sale It
in a couple of galleries in SF It for sale
for sale It in a couple of galleries in SF
Is there 1 available?
1 availableIs
Is 1 available
Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one.
thinking about the Matisse we discussed before I
I thinking about the Matisse we discussed before
I about the Matisse we discussed before thinking
Thanks,
Huskers drool over Sooners.
over SoonersHuskers drool
drool Huskers over Sooners
Huskers drool over Sooners
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
01/19/2001 09:14 AM
Huskers rule, Sooners drool.
ruleHuskers
Huskers rule
Mike McConnell@ECT
01/19/01 07:55 AM
Thanks for the note.
Sooners rule.
ruleSooners
Sooners rule
We'll find time when things settle down.
find Wetime
Wefind time
find time We
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
01/19/2001 07:24 AM
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today.
see I
I see
I may have to postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning.
have I
I have
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch.
I am out all weekend
am out all weekend I
am out I all weekend
Actually, I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if I have to cancel.
think I
I think
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games (when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport (I can't remember the name of it)) I realized he is a very, very sick college football fan.
Your brother told me
Your brother me told
told Your brother me
Jeff, here is the intial draft.
here is the intial draft
the intial drafthere is
Please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary.
as a word document leave
leave as a word document
I haven't even changed the wording after I first put it down.
I the wording changed
changed the wording I
changed I the wording
Mark, I thought you would enjoy the comment about you.
thought I
I thought
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
01/19/2001 07:24 AM
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today.
see I
I see
I may have to postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning.
I have
have I
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch.
all weekend I am out
all weekend am out I
I am out all weekend
Actually, I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if I have to cancel.
think I
I think
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games (when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport (I can't remember the name of it)) I realized he is a very, very sick college football fan.
Your brother told me
told Your brother me
me Your brother told
I will put this on our calendars.
this I put on our calendars
on our calendarsthis put I
on our calendarsI put this
Too bad you won't make the Compaq thing, but maybe next year.
San Antonio, wow what a let down from the other cities.
That will be a nice time of year though.
That be a nice time
be a nice time That
I can recommend some good restaurants since I took Ric there last year for his birthday.
some good restaurants recommend I
recommend I some good restaurants
recommend some good restaurants I
We stayed at the Menger and had a great time.
at the Menger stayed We
stayed We at the Menger
We stayed at the Menger
Kay Mann@ENRON
09/20/2000 04:18 PM
This Friday - Michael goes for a visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school (so far, so good).
Michael This Friday goes for a visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school
This Friday Michael for a visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school goes
goes for a visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school Michael This Friday
I'll be in around1000
Ibe in around1000
Iaround1000 be in
be in around1000 I
Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much, which means leaving by 445 or so.
going IMost Fridays
Most Fridays Igoing
IMost Fridays going
October 4, ENA orientation in the am.
October 19/20, Neil is out of town, so I have to pick Michael up from school (leave at 430)
Neil of townOctober 19/20
of townOctober 19/20Neil
of townNeil October 19/20
October 26/27, hope to be vacation time.
hope October 26/27
October 26/27hope
Neil has a meeting in San Antonio (usually it is in Miami, San Francisco, Phoenix - not so great this year).
has a meeting in San Antonio Neil
Neil a meeting in San Antonio has
has Neil a meeting in San Antonio
It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise, and spouses are invited.
is the officer's meeting It
It is the officer's meeting
This means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing.
means This
This means
Figures, of course.
Thanks for asking.
I'm watching for some good vacation days, also...
watching Ifor some good vacation days
for some good vacation daysIwatching
watching for some good vacation daysI
fyi/review/comment
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI:
have a couple of questions I
a couple of questions have I
I a couple of questions have
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.
refer We to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment
We to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipmentrefer
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
intend we
we intend
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
we want
want we
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
have I a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one
I a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that onehave
have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that oneI
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?
expect we
we expect
I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).
looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files I
Ifor the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files looking
for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files looking I
If anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.
Thanks,
Forget the ONE or more contract questions.
the ONE or more contract questionsForget
Forget the ONE or more contract questions
I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project.
see I
I see
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI:
have a couple of questions I
a couple of questions have I
I a couple of questions have
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment
to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipmentWe refer
We to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipmentrefer
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
we intend
intend we
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
want we
we want
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one
have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that oneI
a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that onehave I
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?
expect we
we expect
I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).
Ilooking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files
for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files Ilooking
looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files I
If anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.
Thanks,
On the issue of the contracts, the draft says that the $170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed.
the draft says On the issue of the contracts
says On the issue of the contractsthe draft
says the draft On the issue of the contracts
Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed?
we expecting
expecting we
Thanks,
1. The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer (i.e., ONSI would be a lot more money).
to FuelCell Energy The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific
is specific The pricing that we have given CRRA to FuelCell Energy
The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy
Hence, I think that we have to reference the manufacturer.
I think
think I
2. The attachment of the Development Agreement is a Jeff question.
The attachment of the Development Agreement Jeff question
Jeff questionThe attachment of the Development Agreement
In order to mark any 2000 income, we will need to get CRRA to execute the Development Agreement in 2000.
need we
we need
In my opinion, we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached.
In my opinionwe show with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attacheda copy of the LOI CRRA
show In my opiniona copy of the LOI we with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attachedCRRA
CRRA show In my opinionwe a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached
I would actually send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOI.
send I them a couple days after the LOIthe draft Development Agreement
send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOII
the draft Development Agreement send a couple days after the LOII them
Based on how CRRA reacts, I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI.
I make an ultimate determination Based on how CRRA reacts
Based on how CRRA reactsI an ultimate determination make
make an ultimate determination I Based on how CRRA reacts
3. I expect at least one EPC contract per project.
at least one EPC contract per projectI expect
expect I at least one EPC contract per project
expect at least one EPC contract per projectI
We don't want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project.
want We
We want
Performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project.
Remarkably clear explanation.
Sent by: Ben Jacoby@ECT
Sent by: Ben Jacoby@ECT
by: Ben Jacoby@ECT Sent
FYI, see below.
Mom's birthday is tommorow.
Mom's birthday is tommorow
is tommorowMom's birthday
What are we going to get her?
going we
we going
That is some good stuff.
That is some good stuff
is some good stuffThat
I hear you are coming our way soon.
hear I
I hear
Look forward to drinking a few beers.
Michael McDermott <Michael.McDermott@spectrongroup.com> on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 AM
Yo Mama`s so fat ....
`s so fat Yo Mama
Yo Mama`s so fat
Your mama is so fat: When she hauls ass she has to make two trips.
is so fatYour mama
Your mama is so fat
When she dances she makes the band skip.
makes she
she makes
When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live.
her 13 years to livegave the doctor
the doctor gave her 13 years to live
her gave 13 years to livethe doctor
She puts mayonnaise on aspirin. (<- clearly the winner)
mayonnaise puts on aspirinShe
mayonnaise puts She on aspirin
puts on aspirinShe mayonnaise
Her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
came with a lifeguardHer cereal bowl
with a lifeguardHer cereal bowl came
Her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard
When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts.
the elephants throw her peanuts
peanutsthe elephants throw her
the elephants peanutsthrow her
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph.
was an aerial photographHer high school graduation picture
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph
Her driver`s license says "Picture continued on other side."
says Her driver`s license
Her driver`s license says
She has to iron her pants on the driveway.
has She
She has
The back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs.
like a pack of hot dogslooks The back of her neck
looks like a pack of hot dogsThe back of her neck
looks The back of her neck like a pack of hot dogs
Yo mama`s so fat, all the restaurants in town have signs that say: "Maximum Occupancy: 240 Patrons OR Yo Mama" Yo mama`s so fat, when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton.
Yo mama`s so fat
`s so fatYo mama
Yo mama`s so fat, instead of Levis 501 jeans, she wears Levi`s 1002`s.
Yo mama`s so fat
`s so fatYo mama
Yo mama`s so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down.
Yo mama`s so fat
`s so fatYo mama
Yo mama`s so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
`s so fatYo mama
Yo mama`s so fat
Yo mama`s so fat, she`s got smaller fat women orbiting around her.
`s so fatYo mama
Yo mama`s so fat
Yo mama`s so fat, she could sell shade.
Yo mama`s so fat
`s so fatYo mama
You will have to wait and see :-)
You have
have You
Done!
Expect a call from Paul tonight.
Expect tonighta call from Paul
a call from Paul tonightExpect
a call from Paul Expect tonight
What are some good interview questions?
What are some good interview questions
some good interview questionsWhat are
Poll your co-workers.
your co-workersPoll
Poll your co-workers
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you didn't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis.
I told Paul
Paul I told
I Paul told
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say.
him I told
told I him
I told him
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality.
said He
He said
Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive?
All the guys at work are saying I shouldn't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one.
saying All the guys at work
All the guys at work saying
Jai Hawker 974-6721
I won't forget about the $.
forget about the $I
forget I about the $
about the $I forget
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that?
need I
I need
Kathy,
Don't take that deal out until I look at it.
I think it is mine but I forgot to write it in the blue FX book (I only wrote it in my red book).
think I
I think
Thanx,
Just a reminder to send me a currency report.
Thanx,
Paul called me today.
called Paul todayme
me called Paul today
me Paul called today
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then.
He in Calgary in a couple of weeks
in Calgary He in a couple of weeks
in Calgary in a couple of weeks He
You should reply ASAP.
reply You
You reply
Don't make Peters and Co. wait.
make Peters and Co.
Peters and Co. make
I didn't get a chance to talk to Paul today.
a chance to talk to Paul todayget I
a chance to talk to Paul todayI get
I get a chance to talk to Paul today
Give him a call tommorow.
him a call tommorowGive
tommorowa call Give him
tommorowGive a call him
Will you please run a June NX3/NX1 for our book.
for our bookyou run a June NX3/NX1
run a June NX3/NX1 you for our book
a June NX3/NX1 you run for our book
How about meeting at 11:30 or 12?
I am in the office so give me a call.
in the office I
I in the office
CD 3-1663
The deed is done.
is doneThe deed
The deed is done
Find attached resume and cover letter.
resume and cover letterFind
Find resume and cover letter
Hopefully he didn't spel anyting incorrectly.
anyting he spel
anyting spel he
he anyting spel
Dan is really smart and a hard worker.
is really smart Dan
Dan is really smart
I think he would be a good fit.
think I
I think
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend).
Tuesday afternoon Give a call me
a call me Give Tuesday afternoon
a call Give Tuesday afternoon me
Cheers,
I haven't had a chance to send it yet.
I a chance to send it yethad
a chance to send it yethad I
had I a chance to send it yet
Paul is out of the office today so I haven't had a chance to talk to him.
today of the office Paul
of the office Paul today
Paul today of the office
I'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not.
it send I
send it I
Iit send
Are you guys still looking for an analyst?
you guys for an analystlooking
you guys looking for an analyst
looking for an analystyou guys
Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly?
the resume I to Dawn or you directlysend
I send the resume to Dawn or you directly
I the resume send to Dawn or you directly
Chris Enron Canada Corp. Suite 1100, 70 York Street Toronto, Ontario M5J 1S9 416-865-3700
Paul DeVries - Director 416-865-3703
Jan Wilson - Manager 416-865-3704
Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP and PGT).
a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP and PGT)Attached
Attached a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP and PGT)
We should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can.
We try
try We
See you there!
you See
See you
Sushi tonight?
Ryan Watt says high.
Ryan Watt says
says Ryan Watt
I will be able to attend.
I be able
be able I
Mike Jordan
26/09/2000 14:14
Fernley / Sally
Off and on ( with Jackie Gentle's help ) I have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page summary ).
a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page summary )pulled together I with Jackie Gentle's help
pulled together with Jackie Gentle's help I a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page summary )
a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page summary )with Jackie Gentle's help pulled together I
We are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter )
in the final stages We
We in the final stages
Have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?
Have any thoughts on draft or cover note you
you Have any thoughts on draft or cover note
any thoughts on draft or cover note you Have
Late Jan sounds great.
Late Jan sounds
sounds Late Jan
Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation (big dance that she and I are committed to help with), the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion.
National Charity League Senior Presentation (big dance that she and I are committed to help with), the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillionhave Meagan on the weekend a couple of big things in January
a couple of big things in January have National Charity League Senior Presentation (big dance that she and I are committed to help with), the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillionon the weekend Meagan
National Charity League Senior Presentation (big dance that she and I are committed to help with), the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillionin January Meagan have a couple of big things on the weekend
I believe that these are three weekends in a row, January 6, 13 and 20th.
I believe
believe I
So the last weekend in January would work well (and I will need a rest from formal affairs!).
the last weekend in January work
work the last weekend in January
Does that work for you?
for youthat work
that work for you
work for youthat
And do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday?
want you
you want
Saturday probably works better for me, just so that I am back in Houston and doing laundry by Sunday afternoon!!
Saturday works
works Saturday
Hi...
Talked to the little mother-to-be.
Talked to the little mother-to-be
to the little mother-to-beTalked
She said a shower would be grand.
said She
She said
She has some big presentation mid-January.
She has some big presentation mid-January
mid-JanuaryShe some big presentation has
mid-Januaryhas some big presentation She
How does late January sound to you.
sound to youlate January
to youlate January sound
late January to yousound
Should we set a date now?
set a date we
we a date set
we set a date
Am I turning into Mother?
I into Motherturning
into MotherI turning
turning I into Mother
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards, but I wonder about the most appropriate timing, enough of a global message and the means of delivery.
think I
I think
On the means of delivery, I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent.
On the means of deliveryI am not sure from your note
am not sure I On the means of deliveryfrom your note
On the means of deliveryam not sure from your note I
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition is a letter to be sent under John's name (if so, to whom will the letter be sent)?
Is an article to be included in an Enron publication
an article to be included in an Enron publication Is
Or is the letter from John an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article?
With regard to a global message, I think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature, applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities.
I With regard to a global messagethink
think With regard to a global messageI
With regard to a global messagethink I
With these operating standards implemented worldwide, we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide.
With these operating standards implemented worldwidewe as operations professionals know
as operations professionals With these operating standards implemented worldwideknow we
With these operating standards implemented worldwideas operations professionals we know
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly, with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations.
Enron These global standards enable
enable Enron These global standards
Enron enable These global standards
I am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across.
I am not sure from the article as written
from the article as written am not sure I
from the article as written I am not sure
Finally, a question regarding timing.
The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated (Shona took this to do after Brent's return to Houston) for comments to all business controllers.
The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was
was The last I knew after you and Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards
I don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards.
believe I
I believe
And not to belittle the process of creating the standards, the tough part (and the real meat behind this) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards.
the tough part (and the real meat behind this) exception report
exception report the tough part (and the real meat behind this)
My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year.
My commitment to Rick Causey is
is My commitment to Rick Causey
There is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report.
is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report
much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the reportis
Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this, and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New.
Shona Mike Moscoso commissioned
commissioned Mike Moscoso Shona
Mike Moscoso commissioned Shona
So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against.
I question
question I
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and (hopefully) our first draft of a meaningful exception report?
Sorry that this response looks so long.
I have been interrupted 20 times while responding, so I hope that it makes sense.
I interrupted 20 times
interrupted I 20 times
interrupted 20 times I
Thanks for sharing this with me.
Since you asked for input, I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some.
I hope
hope I
--Sally
David W Delainey@ECT
11/10/2000 01:04 PM
Steve, I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% year on year (ie) $13.9M from $11.5M.
noticed I
I noticed
We have been able to keep ENA's direct group expenses flat year on year, we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well.
We been able
been able We
Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal?
you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal
have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goalyou
you a view on how we might be able to achieve this goalhave
Don't worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker.
I just wanted Sue to hear (she enjoys utility bashing so much).
wanted I Sue
I wanted Sue
Sue wanted I
Thanks for the comment on the hearing.
In some respects I don't think the first panel could have gone much better; everyone thanked FERC for intervening (though for different reasons).
think I In some respects
think In some respects I
I think In some respects
The other staff reports are also looking good.
looking The other staff reports
The other staff reports looking
Scott Miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is.
been a godsend Scott Miller
Scott Miller been a godsend
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
by: Jeff Dasovich Sent
11/10/2000 12:33 PM
I apologize if I offended anyone.
I apologize
apologize I
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large, regulated utility in California.
them let
let them
Thanks for attributing the quote to me.
You did a great job at the hearing----it went decidely downhill after you left.
You at the hearinga great job did
did at the hearingYou a great job
You did a great job at the hearing
Best,
Does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
have any interest in meeting one-on-one she
have she any interest in meeting one-on-one
she have any interest in meeting one-on-one
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach.
I remain
remain I
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
by: Jeff Dasovich Sent
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
11/10/2000 12:21 PM
Given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on Monday, but will let the good Senator know that, in general, we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a solution that works for everybody.
decline Given the short noticewe
Given the short noticewe decline
we decline Given the short notice
Amen.
See below.
Can we get some help on the IBM issues?
some help on the IBM issueswe get
get we some help on the IBM issues
get some help on the IBM issueswe
Erin Rice
11/10/2000 11:08 AM
Steve:
At this point, our IT contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the TIBCO and Terminal Server problems.
backpedalling our IT contacts a bit At this point
a bit our IT contacts backpedalling At this point
our IT contacts backpedalling a bit At this point
There are still four important issues, however:
are four important issues
four important issuesare
IT still cannot commit to transferring messages across domains.
commit IT
IT commit
This means that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain.
This means
means This
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool, WebSphere, and will use WebLogic instead.
No messages the EES organization reach
the EES organization No messages reach
reach the EES organization No messages
WebLogic is required by BackWeb, although it is designed by a separate company.
by BackWebrequired WebLogic
required by BackWebWebLogic
WebLogic by BackWebrequired
HR, intended to be a key user of this tool, will not use BackWeb because survey responses cannot be made anonymous.
HR, intended to be a key user of this toolBackWeb use
BackWeb HR, intended to be a key user of this tooluse
BackWeb use HR, intended to be a key user of this tool
HR has already purchased a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys.
HR purchased a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys
a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveysHR purchased
a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveyspurchased HR
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain, nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator.
Messages delivered to all users in the same domain
to all users in the same domaindelivered Messages
Messages to all users in the same domaindelivered
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time, meaning users cannot retrieve them and read them later (as they can with e-mail).
is Another thing to consider
Another thing to consider is
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned.
This means
means This
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative, but they lack commercial sponsorship.
The plain fact is
is The plain fact
They are hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company-wide.
hoping They
They hoping
Please let us know if you have additional questions.
us let
let us
- er
Steven J Kean
11/09/2000 11:35 AM
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they are?
a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they arehave we
we a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they arehave
we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they are
Are whole offices (eg Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices?
Courtney Votaw
11/08/2000 11:02 AM
Mark and Steve-
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning BackWeb before we proceed.
Erin Rice and I like
like Erin Rice and I
As you can see from the Design Document, they are pretty significant.
they are pretty significant
are pretty significantthey
Thanks,
Paul Kaufman@ECT
Sent by: Lysa Akin@ECT
by: Lysa Akin@ECT Sent
Sent by: Lysa Akin@ECT
11/10/2000 05:59 PM
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday, Nov. 9th.
Paul Kaufman me asked
asked me Paul Kaufman
me Paul Kaufman asked
Please be advised that I have set the call as follows:
Date: Monday, Nov. 13th
Time: 11:30am / 1:30pm Central / 2:30pm Eastern
Call In #: 888-422-7132
Pin #: 411507
Pin # for Paul Kaufman ONLY: 362416
If you have any questions, please call 503/464-7927.
call 503/464-7927
503/464-7927call
Lysa Akin Ass't. to Paul Kaufman
it's on tonight
it's on tonight
tonight it's on
tonight 's on it
it's did you watch your girl on tv last night?
on tv your girl watch you last night
on tv you your girl last nightwatch
your girl on tv last nightyou watch
the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this?
is 814014the deal number
the deal number is 814014
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975?
you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975
do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975you
you a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975do
They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it.
They invoicing for this
invoicing They for this
They for this invoicing
Can you give me the Sitara deal #?
you give the Sitara deal #me
me the Sitara deal #give you
give you me the Sitara deal #
Ok to book for me and my husband, Joseph.
I was issued a new corporate American Express card.
a new corporate American Express cardI issued
I a new corporate American Express cardissued
a new corporate American Express cardissued I
Same number with expiration date of 3/03.
If you need any more info, please advise.
Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets.
I assume
assume I
Thank you.
youThank
Thank you
Actually-upon second look the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this?
the deal number upon second look is 814014
the deal number is 814014upon second look
is 814014upon second look the deal number
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975?
you a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975do
a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975do you
you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975
They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it.
for this They invoicing
They for this invoicing
They invoicing for this
Can you give me the Sitara deal #?
you give the Sitara deal #me
you me the Sitara deal #give
me you give the Sitara deal #
should be non bondad
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
for May 01 sales to Southwest Gaswe a pricing discrepancyon deal 763736 have
we on deal 763736 a pricing discrepancyfor May 01 sales to Southwest Gashave
on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gaswe have a pricing discrepancy
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
Our system SJ Bondad GDP reflects
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP
reflects Our system SJ Bondad GDP
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
you confirm
confirm you
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
Sorry about the flooding.
about the floodingSorry
Sorry about the flooding
Hope you and your family survived ok.
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
Attached the gas settlement and support for May
the gas settlement and support for MayAttached
The only difference we had was for package V02.
package V02The only difference we had
The only difference we had package V02
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
Mark Anderson says
says Mark Anderson
Have a great day.
Have a great day
a great dayHave
- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >>
- enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >>
actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gda
price for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 is bondad gda
is bondad gdaprice for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736
for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 is bondad gdaprice
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gashave we a pricing discrepancy
a pricing discrepancyhave for May 01 sales to Southwest Gaswe on deal 763736
have a pricing discrepancyfor May 01 sales to Southwest Gaswe on deal 763736
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
Our system SJ Bondad GDP reflects
SJ Bondad GDP reflects Our system
reflects SJ Bondad GDP Our system
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
confirm you
you confirm
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
Sorry about the flooding.
Sorry about the flooding
about the floodingSorry
Hope you and your family survived ok.
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
the gas settlement and support for MayAttached
Attached the gas settlement and support for May
The only difference we had was for package V02.
The only difference we had package V02
package V02The only difference we had
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
Mark Anderson says
says Mark Anderson
Have a great day.
Have a great day
a great dayHave
- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >>
- enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >>
I talked with Markat SW Gas-just honro his numbers
with Markat SW Gastalked I
talked I with Markat SW Gas
talked with Markat SW GasI
Nancy, can you please reconfirm with Mark the price for the gas at Bondad?
reconfirm with Mark the price for the gas at Bondadyou
the price for the gas at Bondadreconfirm with Mark you
with Mark the price for the gas at Bondadreconfirm you
My trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDPMy trader
her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDPMy trader supporting
her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDPsupporting My trader
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is nonbondad gda
bondad gdaprice for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736
price bondad gdafor volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736
for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal number 763736 price bondad gda
Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
we for May 01 sales to Southwest Gason deal 763736 a pricing discrepancyhave
on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gasa pricing discrepancywe have
we have a pricing discrepancyfor May 01 sales to Southwest Gason deal 763736
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP.
reflects SJ Bondad GDP Our system
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP
reflects Our system SJ Bondad GDP
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary?
you confirm
confirm you
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
Sorry about the flooding.
Sorry about the flooding
about the floodingSorry
Hope you and your family survived ok.
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May.
the gas settlement and support for MayAttached
Attached the gas settlement and support for May
The only difference we had was for package V02.
The only difference we had package V02
package V02The only difference we had
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad.
says Mark Anderson
Mark Anderson says
Have a great day.
Have a great day
a great dayHave
- ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >>
- enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >>
Please find enclosed EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01:
find EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01
EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01find
See attached spreadsheet.
See attached spreadsheet
attached spreadsheetSee
Please quote the Gas on an Indexed Basis.
on an Indexed Basisquote the Gas
the Gas quote on an Indexed Basis
quote the Gas on an Indexed Basis
If you have any questions or comments, please advise.
I have not had the patience to get it working-I will callyou some evening and we can walk thru it.
the patience to get it workinghad I
had the patience to get it workingI
I the patience to get it workinghad
How was your trip to Des Moines?
How was your trip to Des Moines
your trip to Des MoinesHow was
Did dthat stuff form Joe help your car.
dthat stuff form Joe your carhelp
help your cardthat stuff form Joe
dthat stuff form Joe help your car
Hey Cester,
When are we going to get NetMeeting going ?
we going
going we
How is Deb's knee?
How is Deb's knee
Deb's kneeHow is
Did she ever go to a real doctor?
she go to a real doctor
to a real doctorgo she
go she to a real doctor
[Tholt, Jane M.]
YesShe is having physical theraphy 3 times a week.
She 3 times a weekhaving physical theraphy
having She physical theraphy 3 times a week
3 times a weekShe physical theraphy having
She said it is getting better.
said She
She said
I haven't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her.
her for a couple of weeks I seen
seen her for a couple of weeks I
for a couple of weeks seen I her
I will probably be calling you next week-the desk wants me to become more involved in regulatory updates so I will seek your assistance with this matter.
I next weekcalling you
calling I you next week
calling next weekI you
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too.
told Jared me
Jared me told
me Jared told
cool by me!
by mecool
cool by me
Jared, Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning.
Jared, Ruth and I going
going Jared, Ruth and I
If no one objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow.
be the lead coordinator I
I be the lead coordinator
Yes maam, she's UBS now.
's UBS she
she's UBS
She was just down here too.
She was
was She
Chris,
I didn't remember if your email mentioned Judy.
remember I
I remember
Did she make it?
itmake she
make she it
she itmake
Cindy Franklin Transportation Services Work:832.676.3177 Fax: 832.676.1329 Pager: 1.888.509.3736
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation confidential
confidential This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation
If you have received this email in error please notify the sender.
the sendernotify
notify the sender
Jared, Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning.
Jared, Ruth and I going
going Jared, Ruth and I
If no one objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow.
be the lead coordinator I
I be the lead coordinator
OK, I never get to talk to Ruth because SHE IS ALWAYS ON THE PHONE.
I get
get I
And I bet she's on the phone with Shemin too!!!
I bet
bet I
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself?
get we all
we all get
Our last call was Iris Kind, Bill Savier(sp?), and Jeff Davis.
Our last call Iris Kind
Iris KindOur last call
Don't forget about me.
forget about me
about meforget
I'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement.
Itrying
trying I
No transportation at this point, just a tabs.
Also, it will be much easier for you guys to monitor because most of the deals will be monthly.
it be much easier
be much easier it
Steve, everything looks good with one exception.
everything looks with one exception
with one exceptioneverything looks
everything with one exceptionlooks
The rate schedule on Tennessee should be either NET-2 or NET-284.
The rate schedule on Tennessee be either NET
be either NETThe rate schedule on Tennessee
I won't find out until Monday.
until MondayI find out
find out until MondayI
I until Mondayfind out
You review and approve it, keep it on your desk, and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday.
review itYou
You itreview
review You it
Then I'll take it to Ed for his approval.
for his approvalto Ed take Iit
to Ed it for his approvalItake
Iit for his approvalto Ed take
By the way, Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray.
By the waysending Cullen and Dykman to Melanie Graycopies of what we are doing
By the wayto Melanie Graysending copies of what we are doing Cullen and Dykman
Cullen and Dykman By the waycopies of what we are doing to Melanie Graysending
Chris:
Per our conversation a few minutes ago, attached please find the revised Stipulation.
the revised Stipulationfind
find the revised Stipulation
This document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago.
with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours agoThis document modified
with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours agomodified This document
modified This document with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago
I also deleted "subject to recall" based on our discussion, assuming you get approval for that revision.
"subject to recall" based on our discussionI deleted
deleted based on our discussionI "subject to recall"
I "subject to recall" deleted based on our discussion
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney.
me You informed
me informed You
You informed me
Also, as I mentioned to you, we have faxed your mark-up to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in Houston to keep her informed.
we faxed to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in Houston your mark-up
we your mark-up to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in Houston faxed
your mark-up faxed we to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in Houston
(Her voice mail says she's out of the office until Monday.)
Her voice mail says
says Her voice mail
Thanks for all your help on this.
David T. Metcalfe Cullen and Dykman LLP 177 Montague Street Brooklyn, New York 11201 phone: 718-780-0046 fax: 718-780-0276 e-mail: dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
This email may contain material that is confidential, privileged and/or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient(s).
contain This email material that is confidential, privileged and/or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient(s)
material that is confidential, privileged and/or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient(s)contain This email
This email material that is confidential, privileged and/or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient(s)contain
Any review, reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited.
Any review, reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission prohibited
prohibitedAny review, reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission
If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete all copies.
the sender contact
contact the sender
<<Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc>>
<<BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap Releases -2-F.doc>>
- Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc - BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap Releases -2-F.doc
A heartwarming story of the advances of women in achieving equality throughout the world.
Barbara Walters did a story on gender roles in Kuwait several years before the Gulf War.
did a story on gender roles in Kuwait Barbara Walters several years before the Gulf War
Barbara Walters did several years before the Gulf Wara story on gender roles in Kuwait
a story on gender roles in Kuwait did several years before the Gulf WarBarbara Walters
She noted then that women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands.
She noted
noted She
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives.
She to Kuwait returned
returned She to Kuwait
to Kuwait returned She
Ms. Walters approached one of the women and said, "This is marvelous.
one of the women Ms. Walters approached
Ms. Walters one of the women approached
approached Ms. Walters one of the women
Can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles?"
the free world you just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of rolestell
just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of rolestell the free world you
you the free world tell just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles
"Land mines," said the Kuwaiti woman.
the Kuwaiti womansaid
said the Kuwaiti woman
Cullen and Dykman (attorneys for Boston Gas Company) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas.
all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston GasCullen and Dykman (attorneys for Boston Gas Company) approved
approved Cullen and Dykman (attorneys for Boston Gas Company) all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas
Cullen and Dykman (attorneys for Boston Gas Company) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas
They also made one other change, they are taking out the "subject to recall" language at the bottom of page 2 under item #1.
They made one other change
They one other changemade
one other changeThey made
They will be sending the revised document to me.
the revised document They sending to me
to meThey sending the revised document
sending to methe revised document They
I will deliver it to you for your approval.
deliver it to you for your approvalI
to you I deliver for your approvalit
I to you it for your approvaldeliver
Maybe we can go drinking too.
go we
we go
That would be fun.
be funThat
That be fun
I'll be at your house around 10:30 or 11 tonight.
Iat your house around 10:30 or 11 tonight
around 10:30 or 11 tonightat your house I
around 10:30 or 11 tonightIat your house
YOU REALLY DO NOT HAVE TO GO.
HAVE YOU
YOU HAVE
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN.
I KNOW
KNOW I
I CAN HANDLE THE TRACTOR.
THE TRACTORI HANDLE
HANDLE THE TRACTORI
THE TRACTORHANDLE I
love TO HAVE YOU ALONG FOR THE COMPANY, BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARY.
YOU HAVE A LOT ON YOU PLATE, DAD.
ON YOU PLATEA LOT YOU HAVE
YOU HAVE ON YOU PLATEA LOT
HAVE A LOT ON YOU PLATEYOU
Chris.Germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 PM
on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 PM Chris.Germany@enron.com
Chris.Germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 PM
Funny.
No.
I didn't feel guilty about the garage sale, that's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR.
feel I
I feel
I do feel guilty about you doing all this work.
feel I
I feel
So I'm going with you, I pay for the gas and the twinkies.
with youIgoing
Igoing with you
with yougoing I
Correction,
Jack welch is the CEO of GE, not GM.
Jack welch is the CEO
is the CEO Jack welch
Vince Kaminski
The eThink Team
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak "wish list" for us.
We you asked
you We asked
asked We you
The response was tremendous and, in some cases, very creative.
The response was tremendous
was tremendous The response
Your fellow employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush.
Your fellow employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush
for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bushasked Your fellow employees
Your fellow employees for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bushasked
In all, we received requests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event.
received requests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak eventwe In all
we requests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak eventreceived In all
In allrequests for 61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak eventreceived we
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting, so we've provided a sampling of the suggestions below.
We thought
thought We
Here are the top ten most requested eSpeakers.
the top ten most requested eSpeakersHere are
Here are the top ten most requested eSpeakers
10. Jack Welch, CEO, General Motors
9. Scott McNeally, CEO, Sun Microsystems
8. Satisfied Enron Customers
7. Stephen Covey, author, The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People
6. Oprah Winfrey, talkshow host
5. General Colin Powell, former Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, U.S.A.
4. Alan Greenspan, Chairman, Federal Reserve, U.S.A.
3. Former U.S. President George Bush
2. Bill Gates, CEO, Microsoft
1. Texas Governor George W. Bush
While we can't make any promises, we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests.
our best do we
do we our best
our best we do
If you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers, please let us know at ethink@enron.com.
us let
let us
Everybody needs a little help now and then, even eSpeak.
There were plenty of internal speakers requested, as well.
plenty of internal speakers requestedwere
were plenty of internal speakers requested
Those requests should be somewhat easier to meet, although scheduling time with some of our colleagues can be quite a task!
Those requests be somewhat easier
be somewhat easier Those requests
Thank you all for your participation.
Thank you all for your participation
for your participationyou all Thank
you all for your participationThank
Dale,
Confirmed.
Vince:
7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect.
be perfect7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown
7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown be perfect
I will see you in the lobby at 7am.
I see in the lobby at 7amyou
I you see at 7amin the lobby
at 7amin the lobby see I you
Best regards,
Dale,
Friday is a bad day (Performance Review Committee all day).
is a bad day Friday
Friday is a bad day
What about 7:00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7:00?
We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street).
meet We at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street)
We at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street)meet
meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street)We
Vince:
Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office?
get at your officeJuly 7 Friday morning at 800 am we
July 7 we at your officeat 800 am get Friday morning
at your officeFriday morning get we at 800 am July 7
That would be particularly convenient for me.
That for mebe particularly convenient
be particularly convenient That for me
be particularly convenient for meThat
I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane.
have I
I have
That will ensure that I wont take up too much of your time!!
ensure That
That ensure
Thanks for your efforts here, and thanks for being patient with me.
Dale Nesbitt
Vince sold!
soldVince
Vince sold
I'll initiate the call.
Iinitiate the call
the callIinitiate
the callinitiate I
Ed,
Thursday works for me.
for meworks Thursday
for meThursday works
works Thursday for me
What about 10:30 my time?
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> respond
respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
how about Thursday, July 6?
about Thursday, July 6how
how about Thursday, July 6
Ed,
A correction.
I shall spend an entire day at PRC (performance review) on Friday, July 7.
spend an entire day at PRC I on Friday, July 7
at PRC I an entire day spend on Friday, July 7
spend on Friday, July 7an entire day I at PRC
Can we do on another day
on another day do we
we do on another day
do we on another day
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> respond
I'll still be here in Boston so we'd do it over the phone.
be here in Boston I
Iin Boston be here
be here Iin Boston
OK?
Ed,
Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone?
on that day in Houston you
on that day you in Houston
in Houston you on that day
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> respond
Vince,
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDTHow
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT
Ed,
July 12, 2:30 it is.
I would like the pre-meeting site cruise.
I the pre-meeting site cruiselike
like the pre-meeting site cruiseI
the pre-meeting site cruiselike I
How can we arrange it?
arrange itwe
arrange we it
we arrange it
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> respond
respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
Vince,
We're all set for 2:30 on July 12.
Wefor 2:30 on July 12're all set
We're all set for 2:30 on July 12
for 2:30 on July 12We're all set
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDTHow
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT
Ed,
Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 will work for me.
work for meWednesday, July 12, 2:300
Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 for mework
for mework Wednesday, July 12, 2:300
I shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com.
be glad I
I be glad
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me.
invite some people who work on electricity in my group I
some people who work on electricity in my group invite I
I some people who work on electricity in my group invite
Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com>
to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> respond
Vince,
Good to hear from you and I'm glad you're available.
How is Wednesday at 2:30?
How is Wednesday at 2:30
Wednesday at 2:30How is
I did look at EOL and am not surprised to see its quality.
at EOL I look
look I at EOL
look at EOL I
I was unable to say much about it in my Risk Electricity Hedging and Trading report because of deadline pressures.
was unable I
I was unable
How is the site doing?
the site doing
doingthe site
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman, Morgan, BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours.
I by the competition for trading platforms intrigued
by the competition for trading platforms intrigued I
I intrigued by the competition for trading platforms
Talk about a shotgun marriage!
Talk about a shotgun marriage
about a shotgun marriageTalk
If we have time next week, I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com.
I you through our website -- www.weathereffects.comstep
I step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com
I step through our website -- www.weathereffects.comyou
I'm very proud of what we've done.
'm very proud Iof what we've done
of what we've done'm very proud I
Iof what we've done'm very proud
I can't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password.
I a password give out
give out a password I
give out I a password
It's a very ambitious site -- with state-of-the-art WSI weather (seasonal, 6-10, and day to day) driving a good load model for PJM and NEPOOL.
's a very ambitious site It
It's a very ambitious site
ESAI contributes oil and gas input price forecasts, capacity judgments, and "herding" ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods.
oil and gas input price forecasts, capacity judgments, and "herding" ideas contributes ESAI
contributes oil and gas input price forecasts, capacity judgments, and "herding" ideas ESAI
ESAI contributes oil and gas input price forecasts, capacity judgments, and "herding" ideas
After one month's full-bore effort, I'm pleased with the results (e.g., we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $43 and it turned out $46).
Iwith the results 'm pleased After one month's full-bore effort
After one month's full-bore effort'm pleased with the results I
with the results After one month's full-bore effortI'm pleased
Have a great weekend.
a great weekendHave
Have a great weekend
Ed,
I shall be available on both days.
be available I on both days
be available on both daysI
I be available on both days
What about Wednesday, July 12, between 1:30 and 4:00.
Please, let me know what time would work for you.
let me
me let
It will be nice to see you again.
P.S. By the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL?
By the wayhave a chance to take a look at the EOLyou
By the wayhave you a chance to take a look at the EOL
you a chance to take a look at the EOLBy the wayhave
Please respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com
to ekrapels@esaibos.com respond
respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com
Caroline Abramo@ENRON
03/02/2001 10:46 AM
what do you think?
thinkwhat you
you what think
what you think
Joe_Lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 AM
Joe_Lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 AM
on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 AM Joe_Lardy@cargill.com
Currently Cargill and Enron have a 15MM collateral threshold.
have Cargill and Enron a 15MM collateral threshold
have a 15MM collateral thresholdCargill and Enron
Cargill and Enron a 15MM collateral thresholdhave
If possible, I think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz.
I think
think I
We would still operate under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex for this biz.
We operate under the master isda
operate under the master isda We
We under the master isda operate
We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement.
keep We the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement
the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreementWe keep
We the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreementkeep
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral.
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure
is a seperate and distinct measure The line in the POA
The 20 mill reflects gross exposure.
gross exposurereflects The 20 mill
reflects The 20 mill gross exposure
The 20 mill reflects gross exposure
Let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable.
Let me
me Let
We too, are open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us.
We tooto suggestion are open
We tooare open to suggestion
are open to suggestion We too
Joe-
a few things regading the POA/ Cargill line..
I am going to find out how much line we currently have available... you probably already have this.
going I
I going
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line, putting us over the limit, without me knowing...
allocate We a piece to Global
to Global a piece allocate We
a piece to Global We allocate
We could change the language of the POA to this...
We to thisthe language of the POA change
to thisWe change the language of the POA
change to thisthe language of the POA We
we will not go over Global's piece of the Cargill line...
over Global's piece of the Cargill linego we
go we over Global's piece of the Cargill line
go over Global's piece of the Cargill linewe
I think this would solve our main concern...
I think
think I
Please let me know... we are eager to keep trading with Global and yourselves...
me let
let me
Regards,
Dee:
Let me know if we need to discuss anything.
me Let
Let me
I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies.
am hopeful I
I am hopeful
Regards.
Sara Shackleton
Susan Bailey
02/27/2001 08:23 AM
Dee,
Attached for your review is a blacklined version of the: (a) Schedule and (b) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement.
Attached a blacklined version of the: (a) Schedule and (b) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreementfor your review
for your review a blacklined version of the: (a) Schedule and (b) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master AgreementAttached
for your review Attached a blacklined version of the: (a) Schedule and (b) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement
These have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000, and include ENA's accepted changes per your (a) faxed comments transmitted to ENA on January 5, 2001, and (b) e-mail comments transmitted to ENA on January 19th, 2001.
against the draft dated 11/8/2000compared These
These against the draft dated 11/8/2000compared
compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000These
We look forward to your response.
look We to your response
We to your responselook
to your responselook We
Cordially,
Susan S. Bailey
I don't know anything about these transactions.
I anything about these transactionsknow
anything about these transactionsknow I
I know anything about these transactions
Sara Shackleton
Jorge A Garcia@ENRON
03/01/2001 01:35 PM
Good Afternoon Sara,
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously.
wanted I
I wanted
1) Edison International- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. (2 in total)
2) PG&E- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. (3 in total)
Please advise.
Regards,
"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows:
Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price) - USD[38,000?]
Quantity Floating Amount
Floating Amount Quantity
Sara Shackleton
"Other Provisions: On each Payment Date, [ENA] shall pay [a fee of] [an amount equal to] USD{38,000?], which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [Master Agreement - how do you refer to the agreement?]"
Sara Shackleton
Sara Shackleton
03/02/2001 02:10 PM
"Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows:
Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price) - USD[38,000?]
Floating Amount Quantity
Quantity Floating Amount
Sara Shackleton
What person(s) in London prepares credit for the English and Singapore financial transactions?
for the English and Singapore financial transactionsWhat person(s) in London credit prepares
prepares credit for the English and Singapore financial transactionsWhat person(s) in London
for the English and Singapore financial transactionscredit prepares What person(s) in London
At some point in the not so distant future, the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the "philosophy" behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions.
At some point in the not so distant futurethe Houson and London credit departments need
the Houson and London credit departments At some point in the not so distant futureneed
At some point in the not so distant futureneed the Houson and London credit departments
I look forward to hearing from you.
look I
I look
Regards.
ps Congrats on your promotion!
I didn't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand.
I have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand
a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your handhave I
have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your handI
Hope you enjoyed your weekend in Houston.
looks fine
Sara Shackleton
Carlos Alatorre@ENRON
02/27/2001 06:07 PM
Sara:
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product.
We need
need We
The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text, which instead of "...Two business days after the date of the Transaction..." shall read as follow:
For Curr LME LME (Spot) 01Mar01 JPY/USD
A currency Transaction with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited ("EEFTL") as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. under which either (A) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy from EEFTL, Counterparty shall receive the Base Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign Currency Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to sell to EEFTL, Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive the Foreign Currency Amount.
The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website.
The Base Currency Amount equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website
equal The Base Currency Amount the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website
the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the WebsiteThe Base Currency Amount equal
The Foreign Currency Amount shall equal the Base Currency Amount, multiplied by the daily London Metal Exchange (LME) fixing rate as published by Reuters on page MTLE on the date of the transaction, modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty via the Website.
The Foreign Currency Amount equal the Base Currency Amount, multiplied by the daily London Metal Exchange (LME) fixing rate as published by Reuters on page MTLE on the date of the transaction, modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty via the Website
the Base Currency Amount, multiplied by the daily London Metal Exchange (LME) fixing rate as published by Reuters on page MTLE on the date of the transaction, modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty via the Websiteequal The Foreign Currency Amount
equal The Foreign Currency Amount the Base Currency Amount, multiplied by the daily London Metal Exchange (LME) fixing rate as published by Reuters on page MTLE on the date of the transaction, modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty via the Website
The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website.
correspond The term of the Transaction to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website
correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the WebsiteThe term of the Transaction
to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Websitecorrespond The term of the Transaction
The Settlement date shall be the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website.
The Settlement date be the date
be the dateThe Settlement date
The price is quoted in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base Currency').
The price quoted in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base Currency')
in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base Currency')quoted The price
quoted in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base Currency')The price
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars.
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted US Dollars
US DollarsThe unit of measure against which the price is quoted
Please let me know your approval before we make any changes.
me let
let me
I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance coverage through Enron.
need I
I need
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR?
find out you
you find out
Thanks,
Your mom just called and said your dad's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m.
called Your mom
Your mom called
Tuesday, March 20th.
They will be there by noon on the 20th, and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU.
by noon on the 20thbe They
They be by noon on the 20th
be They by noon on the 20th
They are hoping he'll only be in the hospital 48 hours.
hoping They
They hoping
Term sheet for draft contract, as requested.
I have a change in plans next week.
I have a change in plans next week
a change in plans have I next week
have I next weeka change in plans
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
My dad in Ft. Worthsurgery having
My dad surgery having in Ft. Worth
My dad having surgery in Ft. Worth
I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise.
planning I
I planning
I will manage client expectations accordingly.
client expectations I manage
I manage client expectations
client expectations manage I
I hope you don't change your mind about going to the wedding Sunday.
I hope
hope I
I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts.
I plan
plan I
They showed some kids on TV, and they were quite taken with it.
showed some kids on TVThey
on TVThey showed some kids
on TVsome kids They showed
++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++
The information in this email may be confidential and/or privileged.
be confidential The information in this email
The information in this email be confidential
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above.
intended This email
This email intended
If you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited.
you notified
notified you
If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system.
the sender by return email notify
notify the sender by return email
notify by return email the sender
Thank You
You Thank
Thank You
Kay Mann
03/15/2001 04:03 PM
I have a change in plans next week.
a change in plans next weekhave I
I have next weeka change in plans
next weekI have a change in plans
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
in Ft. WorthMy dad having surgery
having in Ft. Worthsurgery My dad
having My dad in Ft. Worthsurgery
I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise.
planning I
I planning
I will manage client expectations accordingly.
client expectations manage I
client expectations I manage
I client expectations manage
I'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal.
Iplanning
planning I
Is that ok with you?
Lorie Leigh @ ECT
03/15/2001 04:17 PM
Conference Plus will be hosting this call:
Conference Plus hosting this call
hosting Conference Plus this call
this callConference Plus hosting
the date: Thursday, March 22nd, 2001
the number: 1-800-991-9019
the passcode: 6871082#
the time: 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST
the place: EB 3143C
the subject: Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement
If you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696.
Thank you,
youThank
Thank you
Lorie Leigh
Yes, but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain.
carotid artery it this time
it carotid artery this time
this time it carotid artery
Big deal kinda stuff.
I hope your dad's surgery goes well!
I hope
hope I
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?)?
Kay Mann
03/15/2001 04:11 PM
Kay Mann
03/15/2001 04:03 PM
I have a change in plans next week.
next weekhave I a change in plans
next weekI have a change in plans
next weekhave a change in plans I
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday.
surgery My dad in Ft. Worthhaving
having My dad surgery in Ft. Worth
My dad having in Ft. Worthsurgery
I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise.
planning I
I planning
I will manage client expectations accordingly.
manage client expectations I
client expectations I manage
client expectations manage I
For better or worse, all the folks under the heading "Origination" and "Development" are ours, although Kathleen has a special role with Development.
are oursFor better or worseall the folks under the heading "Origination" and "Development"
For better or worseall the folks under the heading "Origination" and "Development" are ours
all the folks under the heading "Origination" and "Development" For better or worseare ours
FYI - See rows 49-53; columns E-J for our group.
for our groupSee rows 49-53; columns E-J
for our grouprows 49-53; columns E-J See
rows 49-53; columns E-J See for our group
Lorie Leigh @ ECT
03/15/2001 04:44 PM
I received a report from HR and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees.
I received a report from HR
a report from HR received I
received I a report from HR
Please verify that the titles are correct for everyone in your group.
The ones that I made changes to are in red.
in redThe ones that I made changes to
The ones that I made changes to in red
Thanks,
Paula.
I formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet.
I the file formatted
I formatted the file
formatted the file I
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier.
this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlieruse
use as opposed to the one I sent earlierthis new file
use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier
Please review the attached org chart for March and submit any changes by noon tomorrow.
the attached org chart for March review
review the attached org chart for March
It is imperative that all of the information on the attached file is accurate, including titles, as this information is being given directly to John Lavorato and Louise Kitchen.
is imperative It
It is imperative
Thanks,
Paula.
Here's the version showing revisions.
the version showing revisionsHere's
Here's the version showing revisions
Kay--
I finally got it to blackline correctly.
I it got
got it I
it got I
Here it is.
Also attached is a sample availability provision (actually 2 different versions).
a sample availability provision (actually 2 different versions)attached
attached a sample availability provision (actually 2 different versions)
- redvepco.doc
- SAMPLE.DOC
Lorie Leigh @ ECT
03/15/2001 04:17 PM
Conference Plus will be hosting this call:
Conference Plus hosting this call
hosting Conference Plus this call
this callhosting Conference Plus
the date: Thursday, March 22nd, 2001
the number: 1-800-991-9019
the passcode: 6871082#
the time: 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST
the place: EB 3143C
the subject: Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement
If you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696.
Thank you,
Thank you
youThank
Lorie Leigh 46093
Kay Mann
02/13/2001 04:13 PM
Good afternoon,
I'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet, showing revisions from your original version.
forwarding Ia revised development agreement term sheet, showing revisions from your original version
a revised development agreement term sheet, showing revisions from your original versionforwarding I
forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet, showing revisions from your original versionI
We look forward to seeing you soon.
look We
We look
Thanks,
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico.
ENA lawyer Peggy Banczak
Peggy Banczak ENA lawyer
John Schwartzenburg@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
03/16/2001 09:22 AM
I do not think the prior e-mail got through to Kay.
think I
I think
Are either of you familiar with this project?
We have had no contact with the ENA/Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I don't want to bust any structuring goals.
no contact with the ENA/Enron Mexico commercial or legal people had We
no contact with the ENA/Enron Mexico commercial or legal people We had
We no contact with the ENA/Enron Mexico commercial or legal people had
Our project manager (Scott Laidlaw) and engineer (Harry Okabayashi) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ENA work.
Our project manager (Scott Laidlaw) and engineer (Harry Okabayashi) want
want Our project manager (Scott Laidlaw) and engineer (Harry Okabayashi)
I now understand that someone at ENA/Enron Mexico/Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project.
understand I
I understand
I am not in the office today, so please include Renee Alfaro on your response.
I todayin the office
I in the office today
in the office todayI
Hello Janice:
I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad.
your recent e-mail I enjoyed
enjoyed I your recent e-mail
I enjoyed your recent e-mail
It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly.
sounds It
It sounds
These are always difficult times.
are always difficult timesThese
These are always difficult times
As I watched my mother and father's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die, it is a very defining time in our lives.
is a very defining time it
it is a very defining time
But we can be very thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to have been raised in such loving homes.
be very thankful we
we be very thankful
Sounds as though Eric has done very well as SMSU.
He is joining an excellent company.
He an excellent companyjoining
an excellent companyHe joining
joining an excellent companyHe
I am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an MBA.
am also delighted I
I am also delighted
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can.
As to our family, within the last ten days our youngest daughter Elizabeth was married to a young man from Buenos Aires, Argentina.
to a young man from Buenos Aires, Argentinawithin the last ten days As to our familymarried our youngest daughter Elizabeth
within the last ten days married our youngest daughter Elizabeth As to our familyto a young man from Buenos Aires, Argentina
within the last ten days married to a young man from Buenos Aires, ArgentinaAs to our familyour youngest daughter Elizabeth
They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires.
met They
They met
They're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami, Florida.
on their honeymoon They
Theyon their honeymoon
This past Thursday night our sixth grandchild was born.
bornour sixth grandchild This past Thursday night
our sixth grandchild bornThis past Thursday night
This past Thursday night our sixth grandchild born
It was born to our son David and his wife Courtney.
born to our son David and his wife CourtneyIt
born It to our son David and his wife Courtney
to our son David and his wife CourtneyIt born
It was a 7 lb., 10 oz., 20 inch little boy.
was a 7 lb., 10 oz., 20 inch little boyIt
It was a 7 lb., 10 oz., 20 inch little boy
So we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days.
have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few dayswe
we have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days
three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few dayshave we
They are a great deal of fun.
They are a great deal
are a great deal They
We are doing quite well.
doing We
We doing
I am looking forward to seeing Ginger "Rees" Copeland when she comes to Houston.
looking I
I looking
I would be delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should you ever have occasion to visit Houston.
I be delighted
be delighted I
I hope you have a great summer.
hope I
I hope
Thank you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference.
for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conferenceThank you
you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conferenceThank
you Thank for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference
Unfortunately, do to Mr. Lay's schedule he will not be able to participate.
be able do to Mr. Lay's schedule he
he be able do to Mr. Lay's schedule
be able he do to Mr. Lay's schedule
Thank you again,
you Thank
Thank you
Tori L. Wells Executive Secretary
Hi -
Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work.
you let
let you
I want to check with Mr. Lay before confirming.
I want
want I
Thanks.
Dear Ken,
As you know, our next meeting is on Wednesday, July 12 from 3:00-5:30 p.m.
our next meeting on Wednesday
on Wednesdayour next meeting
In the next week or so, we'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues, and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it.
weIn the next week or soa discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issuessending
In the next week or sowea discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issuessending
wea discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issuessending In the next week or so
Meanwhile, Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them.
agreed Arthur Levitt
Arthur Levitt agreed
There are three possible dates for the meeting, which I suggest be in two parts -- first, a meeting among the panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m., and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6:30-8:30 p.m.
three possible dates for the meeting, which I suggest be in two parts -- first, a meeting among the panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m., and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6:30-8:30 p.mare
are three possible dates for the meeting, which I suggest be in two parts -- first, a meeting among the panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m., and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6:30-8:30 p.m
Here are the dates:
Here are the dates
the datesHere are
Could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you:
you let us
us you let
you us let
___________ Thursday, September 14 5:00-8:30 pm
___________ Monday, September 25 5:00-8:30 pm
___________ Wednesday, September 27 5:00-8:30 pm
Many thanks,
Jeff Garten
Good morning, Kitty -
Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - "the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise".
like Ken Lay
Ken Lay like
Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have.
said Ken
Ken said
Please let me know when he can expect to receive it.
let me
me let
Thanks, Kitty.
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market, I will follow up with the consumer models.
I follow up with the consumer models
with the consumer modelsfollow up I
follow up I with the consumer models
The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are the all in one but much heavier.
are the lightest The M300 series
The M300 series are the lightest
<<Compaq.com - notebook.url>>
- Compaq.com - notebook.url
Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be in San Jose, CA participating in a conference, where he is a speaker, on June 14.
Mr. Lay San Jose
San JoseMr. Lay
Rosalee Fleming
RE:???
June 14 Reception
Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club.
Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Clubyou
Charles Miller and David Dewhurst you sent an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club
sent an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum ClubCharles Miller and David Dewhurst you
I hope that you will be able to attend that event.
I hope
hope I
Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others we have made real progress in Education in Texas over the past decade.?
made real progress in Education over the past decadeUnder the leadership of Governor Bush and others we in Texas
over the past decadewe real progress in Education Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others made in Texas
real progress in Education made Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others over the past decadewe in Texas
Now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system.
it is time
is time it
The Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business leaders, educators, and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in Texas.
of business leaders, educators, and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in TexasThe Texas Education Reform Caucus made up
made up of business leaders, educators, and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in TexasThe Texas Education Reform Caucus
made up The Texas Education Reform Caucus of business leaders, educators, and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in Texas
I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th.
I the opportunity to visit with you on the 14thappreciate
appreciate I the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th
the opportunity to visit with you on the 14thI appreciate
Kent Grusendorf
State Representative District 94
This is o.k. for Ken Lay, but we are changing to a more uniform address, so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com.
is o.k. for Ken LayThis
This is o.k. for Ken Lay
for Ken LayThis is o.k.
This is a "test email send" of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett.
email sendThis
This email send
By return email, please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use.
By return emailverify
verify By return email
Thank you.
youThank
Thank you
Joy Powell Executive Assistant to Richard Everett 713/871-5119
NOTE: The information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged.
If you are not the intended recipient, you must not read, use or disseminate the information.
you readthe information
the informationreadyou
readthe informationyou
Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
it is the responsibility
is the responsibility it
Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson.
Kenneth Lay the attached expense report for Cindy Olsonapproved
the attached expense report for Cindy OlsonKenneth Lay approved
Kenneth Lay approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson
Hi Mr. Katsof -
I believe someone called about this today, but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates don't work for him, either.
I believe
believe I
Sorry.
let me know if you have any interest in the Tco-Pool Leach swap for the winter.
me let
let me
I'll take TCO pool at Index and sale Leach or Pool at Index - $.04.
TCO pool Itake at Index
take at Index ITCO pool
ITCO pool take at Index
I can't remember if you guys could do it or not.
remember I
I remember
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing?
tell me you
you me tell
you tell me
Please check Tenn contract 36647 on the Demand speadsheet.
check Tenn contract 36647 on the Demand speadsheet
Tenn contract 36647 on the Demand speadsheetcheck
Sitara isn't matching the spreadsheet.
Sitara matching the spreadsheet
Sitara the spreadsheetmatching
the spreadsheetSitara matching
Thanks,
Pasquallie,
-5 for spelling,
W. Don Germany, Jr PO Box 27 Cedar Lane, Texas 77415-0027
Actually it is not a new truck.
it is not a new truck
is not a new truckit
Had 33,000 miles, Ram 2500 3/4 ton, 4 x 4, 360 Magnum Motor.
Had 33,000 miles
33,000 milesHad
Infinity stereo, bucket seats, nerf bars, tool box, bed liner, camper tow package, 5 speed manual.
Oh, it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters to accent the sound.
it through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters dueled out
through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters it dueled out
dueled out it through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters
Makes me want to race!!!
me Makes
Makes me
I believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well.
believe I
I believe
Now, Debbie wants it.
Debbie itwants
itDebbie wants
wants Debbie it
I gave $16,900 + tax.
$16,900 + taxgave I
I gave $16,900 + tax
gave $16,900 + taxI
It is very clean and is Sandalwood, Driftwood or something of that nature in color.
It is very clean
is very clean It
Almost silver.
I have to pick up old gray over at Jerry's.
have I
I have
Debbie said, it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck.
Debbie said
saidDebbie
I said Yep, had that truck longer than I have had most of my women.
said I
I said
I really need to engage brain before articulating!
I need
need I
I am doing dirt work and hope to plant ST Augustine Grass by Friday before rain.
doing dirt work I
dirt work I doing
dirt work doing I
One thing is for sure, the economy is not faltering on my account.
One thing for sure
for sureOne thing
Dow Stock is back up over $33.
is back up over $33Dow Stock
is back Dow Stock up over $33
Dow Stock is back up over $33
Hooray, hoorah!
Needs to go to $41 and then I will be happy.
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad's place.
I spoke with Gerald
I with Gerald spoke
spoke with Gerald I
We need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate.
We need
need We
I may want to put some steers or heifers up there.
I want
want I
I am going up soon and having the tractor fixed.
going I
I going
Reggie said he will pay us soon.
said Reggie
Reggie said
He also still wants the tractor if we can hold on to it.
the tractor wants He
He wants the tractor
wants He the tractor
First come, first serve.
When is the wedding?
When is the wedding
the weddingWhen is
We're set for 11/01/01.
set Wefor 11/01/01
Wefor 11/01/01set
for 11/01/01set We
Be sure to take your sweety out on the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon.
It was sure beautiful coming up last night.
was sure beautiful It
It was sure beautiful
We used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the space shuttle.
used We
We used
I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns.
on my neck had I a couple of hickies
had on my neck I a couple of hickies
on my neck I a couple of hickies had
Just jealous.
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period.
My kid making wonderful grades
making wonderful grades My kid
wonderful grades My kid making
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays.
She has some sort of scholarship
some sort of scholarship She has
has She some sort of scholarship
She is going to be a kinesiologist, sports injury therapist.
going She
She going
I think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs.
I think
think I
She will be 20 on 11/03.
She be 20 on 11/03
be 20 on 11/03She
be 20 She on 11/03
I am really proud of her.
am really proud of herI
of heram really proud I
am really proud I of her
Cindy said Jaime has grown up very much.
Cindy said
said Cindy
You should e mail her sometimes.
her You mail
You mail her
You her mail
I am sure she would like to hear from you.
I am sure
am sure I
Jgerma5@aol.com.
At any rate, be careful and be safe.
At any ratebe careful
be careful At any rate
You should have listened to Maw, as long as you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped, you will be alright.
You listened to Maw
listened You to Maw
listened to MawYou
Shucks, guess none of us three paid much attention to that.
Oh, Jeff Sherrar has a new book out.
a new book outhas Jeff Sherrar
a new book outJeff Sherrar has
Jeff Sherrar has a new book out
Rise to Rebellion.
to RebellionRise
Rise to Rebellion
There were some pretty cool dudes back around 1774/76.
some pretty cool dudes were
were some pretty cool dudes
There will be two volumes to this saga.
two volumes to this sagabe
to this sagabe two volumes
to this sagatwo volumes be
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through.
half way through the first I
I through the first half way
half way I through the first
I sure like his style of writing.
his style of writinglike I
I like his style of writing
like I his style of writing
His books are always hard to put down.
are always hard His books
His books are always hard
After the split Dow Stock there are 120 shares.
120 sharesare After the split Dow Stock
are 120 sharesAfter the split Dow Stock
After the split Dow Stock 120 sharesare
Keep Your Powder Dry!
Your Powder Keep
Keep Your Powder
Yo,
W. Don Germany, Jr. 2301 N Brazosport Blvd B 3611, Investment Recovery Freeport, Texas 77541 Pager 1 800 451 0491 (0448) Office 979 238 2102 Home 979 548 7034
What's happening?
Whathappening
happeningWhat
I understand you have a brand new truck.
understand I
I understand
Must be nice having money!!
I need 2 things from you.
need I 2 things from you
I need 2 things from you
need 2 things from youI
1. I found the title to the 4 wheeler and I was going to change it over to you name.
the title to the 4 wheeler found I
I found the title to the 4 wheeler
found I the title to the 4 wheeler
What do you think?
thinkWhat you
you What think
What you think
If that's ok, how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use?
want you
you want
2. I'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock.
Igetting
getting I
How many of Dad's shares do you have?
How many of Dad's shares you have
you How many of Dad's shares have
How many of Dad's shares haveyou
Last thing, send me a million dollars, I'm tired of working.
Last thingsend a million dollarsme
a million dollarssend me Last thing
send Last thingme a million dollars
I thought we only had cashout, at most 3 times, before this June.
thought I
I thought
I can't remember.
I remember
rememberI
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year.
know I
I know
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico.
say I
I say
Hey guys,
Would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - Dec 2000?
the Oglethorpe deal you ck from July 2000 - Dec 2000
from July 2000 - Dec 2000you ck the Oglethorpe deal
you ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - Dec 2000
Is there supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months?
to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these monthssupposed
supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months
Oglethorpe over paid their invoice every month.
Oglethorpe their invoice every monthpaid
paid Oglethorpe every monththeir invoice
Oglethorpe paid every monththeir invoice
I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced.
believe I
I believe
I can't get through on the phones.
on the phonesI get
get on the phonesI
on the phonesget I
Please call me 713-853-4743
me call
call me
Hey Ernie.
I'm checking my emails.
checking Imy emails
Ichecking my emails
my emailsIchecking
I assume you have your anwser and don't need me.
I assume
assume I
Hi Chris,
I sent this to Mary last week.
last weekthis I sent to Mary
this to Mary sent I last week
I to Mary last weeksent this
She may be out because in the past she always responds pretty quick.
be out She
She be out
I need the prices below.
the prices belowneed I
I need the prices below
I the prices belowneed
Can you help out?
you help out
help outyou
Thanks,
Ernie Simien
08/01/2001 09:14 AM
Sent by: Ernie Simien
Sent by: Ernie Simien
by: Ernie Simien Sent
Hi Mary,
I need your help again.
need your help I
I your help need
I need your help
I need prices for May, June, and July.
need I prices for May, June, and July
need prices for May, June, and JulyI
prices for May, June, and Julyneed I
Thanks,
Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 PM
on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 PM Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com
Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 PM
Please respond to Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com
respond to Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com
to Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com respond
cc:
Subject: Re: IF TGPL LA Z1
Jan 9.95 Feb 6.25 Mar 4.98 April 5.37
esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 PM
on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 PM esimien@nisource.com
esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 PM
Hi Mary,
Please do me a favour and give me the subject price for Jan, Feb, Mar and Apr 2001.
do a favour me
a favour do me
me do a favour
Thanks,
Gregg Penman
10/23/2000 12:12 PM
Kay -
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
this additional language to the risk management policy you review
you review this additional language to the risk management policy
review this additional language to the risk management policy you
In light of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information.
am slightly concerned In light of the CA regarding curvesI with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information
am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to informationI In light of the CA regarding curves
In light of the CA regarding curveswith a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to informationam slightly concerned I
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
I know
know I
Let me know what you think.
Let me
me Let
Thanks,
10/20/2000 11:32 AM
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
the latest enovate risk policyfind
find the latest enovate risk policy
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
Our attorneys and internal audit area made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights
one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit RightsOur attorneys and internal audit area made
Our attorneys and internal audit area one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rightsmade
Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc
I'm still at home.
'm Iat home
at homeI'm
at home'm I
I'll be in tomorrow.
tomorrowbe in I
be in Itomorrow
tomorrowIbe in
I have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.
a fax machine have I at home
at homehave I a fax machine
a fax machine at homehave I
Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.
see we
we see
Which do you prefer?
you Which prefer
Which you prefer
you preferWhich
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
todayyou in the office
in the office you today
you todayin the office
If not, is there someone else that will?
is someone else that will
someone else that willis
I know that Jeff is in Portland.
know I
I know
Kay Mann
10/26/2000 11:07 AM
If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.
'm happyI
I'm happy
Hello -
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights.
with Jeff Hodge spoke regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rightsyesterday I
I regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rightsspoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday
I regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rightswith Jeff Hodge spoke yesterday
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C.
His initial reaction was
was His initial reaction
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
a couple slight revisions he suggest
a couple slight revisions suggest he
he suggest a couple slight revisions
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement.
This language has been included in the attached draft.
in the attached draftThis language included
included in the attached draftThis language
This language included in the attached draft
My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of today.
My goal, however optimisticis
is My goal, however optimistic
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day.
picking up Activity
Activity picking up
Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written.
need I
I need
Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
sending by mid morningto Peoples it I as our final revision
it by mid morningto Peoples I as our final revision sending
sending I it by mid morningas our final revision to Peoples
Thanks for your prompt attention to this.
Thanks,
Gregg Penman
10/23/2000 12:12 PM
Kay -
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
you this additional language to the risk management policy review
this additional language to the risk management policy review you
you review this additional language to the risk management policy
In light of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information.
with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to informationIn light of the CA regarding curvesI am slightly concerned
In light of the CA regarding curvesI with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to informationam slightly concerned
with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to informationIn light of the CA regarding curvesam slightly concerned I
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
I know
know I
Let me know what you think.
Let me
me Let
Thanks,
10/20/2000 11:32 AM
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
find the latest enovate risk policy
the latest enovate risk policyfind
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit RightsOur attorneys and internal audit area
Our attorneys and internal audit area one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rightsmade
one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit RightsOur attorneys and internal audit area made
<<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it.
I can print it here, initial it, and fax it to whomever you want.
I it print
print I it
print it I
Plus, I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it.
a lot work I with Janet
with Janet a lot I work
a lot with Janet I work
She is very conscientious about what she signs, and who initials what.
is very conscientious She
She is very conscientious
Is the attached form the final final form?
Where and to whom do you want it faxed?
you it want
you want it
it want you
Thanks,
Since it will be Janet signing, it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first.
Either fax or someone else works fine.
Either fax or someone else works
works Either fax or someone else
Let me know which is easier and we can coordinate.
Let me
me Let
Kay Mann
10/26/2000 11:26 AM
I'm still at home.
Iat home
at homeI
I'll be in tomorrow.
be in tomorrowI
tomorrowIbe in
Ibe in tomorrow
I have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.
a fax machine I have at home
at homehave I a fax machine
a fax machine I at homehave
Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.
we see
see we
Which do you prefer?
preferyou Which
Which preferyou
preferWhich you
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
in the office todayyou
you todayin the office
todayyou in the office
If not, is there someone else that will?
someone else that willis
is someone else that will
I know that Jeff is in Portland.
I know
know I
Kay Mann
10/26/2000 11:07 AM
If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.
I'm happy
'm happyI
Hello -
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights.
with Jeff Hodge yesterday I spoke regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights
spoke regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rightsyesterday with Jeff Hodge I
yesterday I regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rightswith Jeff Hodge spoke
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C.
was His initial reaction
His initial reaction was
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
he suggest a couple slight revisions
a couple slight revisions he suggest
suggest a couple slight revisions he
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement.
This language has been included in the attached draft.
in the attached draftincluded This language
included in the attached draftThis language
included This language in the attached draft
My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of today.
My goal, however optimisticis
is My goal, however optimistic
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day.
Activity picking up
picking up Activity
Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written.
need I
I need
Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
as our final revision I it to Peoples by mid morningsending
by mid morningto Peoples it as our final revision sending I
by mid morningI as our final revision it sending to Peoples
Thanks for your prompt attention to this.
Thanks,
Gregg Penman
10/23/2000 12:12 PM
Kay -
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
review this additional language to the risk management policy you
you review this additional language to the risk management policy
this additional language to the risk management policy review you
In light of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information.
In light of the CA regarding curvesI am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information
In light of the CA regarding curvesI with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to informationam slightly concerned
am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to informationIn light of the CA regarding curvesI
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
I know
know I
Let me know what you think.
me Let
Let me
Thanks,
10/20/2000 11:32 AM
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
the latest enovate risk policyfind
find the latest enovate risk policy
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights.
one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rightsmade Our attorneys and internal audit area
Our attorneys and internal audit area one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rightsmade
one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit RightsOur attorneys and internal audit area made
<<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc
I'm working on it now.
working on it I
Ion it working
on it working I
Maybe we (Enron) could review it tomorrow morning, then send it to FCE.
tomorrow morningwe (Enron) review it
it review tomorrow morningwe (Enron)
review it we (Enron) tomorrow morning
I can meet around 10:00.
around 10:00I meet
around 10:00meet I
I meet around 10:00
That way, we can get it to them in time for weekend review.
in time for weekend reviewto them it That waywe get
get it in time for weekend reviewto them we That way
That waywe get it in time for weekend reviewto them
Does that work?
workthat
that work
It was good to hear from you!
We had a nice Thanksgiving here too.
had a nice Thanksgiving We
a nice Thanksgiving had We
a nice Thanksgiving We had
It's funny, because usually it's just me, Mom, Craig and Danelia, and Danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast beef (not that she would say it to me!), so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise.
It's funny
's funnyIt
It was good having the girls down.
We played a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times, physically challenging.
played a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times, physically challengingWe
We a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times, physically challengingplayed
a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was complex, fast and at times, physically challengingWe played
It's not for the meek.
Itfor the meek
for the meekIt
It was incredible what a good player Alena was.
She had her cards memorized as well as everyone elses (when you play you'll see why you can know everyone elses hands!).
had She
She had
I expect Craig didn't want Mom to see his place because it was messy.
I expect
expect I
I think compared to my house, he's embarrased about his apartment.
I think
think I
Then, also, he's got so much stuff in there right now, that I don't know how he's going to fit baby stuff.
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they don't want 3 people in that small apartment.
give They a 6 month lease him
a 6 month lease They him give
him They give a 6 month lease
So he's going to have to start looking for another place.
going he
hegoing
And his apartment is so run down down I'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby.
run down his apartment
his apartment run down
I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby.
I guess
guess I
You'll have to come visit to check out my new house.
have You
Youhave
The upstairs "guest suite" is pretty neat.
The upstairs "guest suite" is pretty neat
is pretty neatThe upstairs "guest suite"
It's got its own bathroom and tv, and is pretty cozy.
got its own bathroom and tvIt
its own bathroom and tvgot It
got Itits own bathroom and tv
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes, if he was thrilled to hear from me I couldn't tell by his voice.
I tell by his voice
by his voicetell I
tell I by his voice
It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us.
for both of usIt was a pretty stilted conversation
for both of uswas a pretty stilted conversation It
It for both of uswas a pretty stilted conversation
But, I guess, it's a start...
I guess
guessI
I've already made my XMAS plans.
my XMAS plansmade I
my XMAS plansImade
made Imy XMAS plans
I leave the evening of the 21st, my flight comes in about 10 pm, and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am.
leave I the evening of the 21st
I the evening of the 21stleave
the evening of the 21stleave I
It's good chatting with you.
Keep in touch!
Keep in touch
in touchKeep
11/29/2000 05:07 PM
Tana,
I don't understand, what do you mean by "log in an email"?
understandI
I understand
Anyway, I got you message, and I got the World Series thing (although I had already received
got you messageI
I got you message
got I you message
Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving, I can testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had (I not gonna tell them that, I don't want them getting swell heads).
did for ThanksgivingChris and Ben a marvelous job
did for Thanksgivinga marvelous job Chris and Ben
a marvelous job for ThanksgivingChris and Ben did
Ma said she had a great time in Houston, She was happy to see yourself, as well as C & D.
said Ma
Ma said
I think she likes her special room in your house.
think I
I think
Your gonna be the first to see the new baby (woudn't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th?)
Yougon
gonYou
Why didn't Craig show Ma his appartment?
his appartmentshow Craig Ma
show Ma Craig his appartment
Ma Craig his appartmentshow
What do you think about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben (he was almost shocked)?
What think you about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben
about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben think you What
you What about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben think
Are you coming for Xmas?
for Xmascoming you
coming you for Xmas
you for Xmascoming
Gotta go for now.
Love ya.
yaLove
Love ya
(Harrison) Kyle Jones Technical Solutions Engineer
Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York, NY 10016 USA Phone: +1 (212) 899-4425 Fax: +1 (212) 899-4310 Cell: +1 (917) 859-7187 Email: kyle.jones@radianz.com
See our web page at" http://www.radianz.com
our web page See at" http://www.radianz.com
at" http://www.radianz.com our web page See
See our web page at" http://www.radianz.com
|--------+-----------------------> | | Tana.Jones@en| | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 PM | | | | |--------+----------------------->
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
Hey, Mr. Computer, you can't log an email in to your sister?!
Return Receipt
Your World Series in Question document: was received Kyle Jones/US/AMERICAS/Equant by: at: 01:00:51 PM Today
byat: 01:00:51 PM Today received Your World Series in Question document
received byat: 01:00:51 PM Today Your World Series in Question document
byreceived Your World Series in Question documentat: 01:00:51 PM Today
You can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again.
take You off these emails my assistant Taffy Milligan
take off these emails my assistant Taffy Milligan You
my assistant Taffy Milligan You off these emails take
Thanks!
Adnan Patel@ENRON
11/29/2000 04:49 PM
Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red.
the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in RedAttached
Attached the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red
Adnan Patel
Bradley Diebner@ECT
11/29/2000 04:31 PM
Regards,
Attached is the referenced agreement.
Attached the referenced agreement
the referenced agreementAttached
Let me know if the notice information is OK with you.
Let me
me Let
If so, I'll get it signed by Craig Breslau today, then bring it to you for countersignature.
get todayIit
Iit get today
get todayit I
Thinking about that, what's your title?
your titlewhat's
what's your title
I'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority...
I'm not sure
'm not sure I
No, it does not mean that.
mean thatit
mean it that
thatit mean
Adding all the Enron "Specified Entities" would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities a default under this agreement.
a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities make
make a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities
Our concern is that we don't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component.
is Our concern
Our concern is
Richard Sage
11/30/2000 10:52 AM
If you do add all the entities, does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL?
that mean
mean that
With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB"), we have one credit issue remaining, DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement.
With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB")have we
we With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB")have
have With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB")we
Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about this remaining issue.
supposed Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit
Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit supposed
With respect to First Union National Bank, the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review.
was so old With respect to First Union National Bankthe draft we were working from
With respect to First Union National Bankthe draft we were working from was so old
was so old the draft we were working from With respect to First Union National Bank
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey, another paralegal in our Group.
with Susan Bailey, another paralegal in our Groupon that working Sara
working on that Sara with Susan Bailey, another paralegal in our Group
with Susan Bailey, another paralegal in our GroupSara working on that
Denis O'Connell
11/22/2000 06:05 AM
Tana -
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of.
an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties me give you
me give an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties you
you give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties
Tks,
First Union National Bank
Deutsched Bank AG
I spoke to Mark Taylor about your signing authority, and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own, but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we're OK.
to Mark Taylor about your signing authorityI spoke
about your signing authorityI spoke to Mark Taylor
to Mark Taylor spoke about your signing authorityI
Susan, Joe,
The referenced TAGG # was entered as a 'New Counterparty', can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure.
entered as a 'New Counterparty'The referenced TAGG #
entered The referenced TAGG # as a 'New Counterparty'
The referenced TAGG # entered as a 'New Counterparty'
Thank you,
youThank
Thank you
Hey there yourself,
Sorry I haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated.
I am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents.
on flights to Seoul I checking
checking on flights to Seoul I
I checking on flights to Seoul
As much fun as they are, I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them.
figured I
I figured
As for Ted, things are still going well although I haven't see him at all this week (we are two very busy people).
going As for Tedthings
going things As for Ted
things As for Tedgoing
But, we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage...you know, not quite so formal about dates etc.
we last Saturday a great laid back day had
we last Saturday had a great laid back day
had a great laid back day we last Saturday
In one sense it's great, but it also makes things a lot harder to read.
In one sense it's great
it's greatIn one sense
's greatitIn one sense
Anyway, I'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well.
'm sure I
I'm sure
Hopefully, if we're still dating come December, you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit.
meet him you and Chuck
meet you and Chuck him
you and Chuck him meet
I'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T. games, I just have to find out when he wants to go (as well as properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day affair that is a U.T. game).
planning I
Iplanning
Things in Houston are good and definitely warm.
are good Things in Houston
Things in Houston are good
I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical "Rent" and it was wonderful.
with Emily and her Mom I went last night
I with Emily and her Mom went last night
went last night I with Emily and her Mom
Also, I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot's daughter Julie.
Igoing for the Labor Day weekend
for the Labor Day weekend Igoing
for the Labor Day weekend going I
Needless to say I am very excited.
am very excitedI
I am very excited
Talk to you guys soon,
Talk to you guys
to you guys Talk
Hey girlie,
How are you doing?
you doing
doingyou
Haven't heard from you in a while.
from you heard in a while
in a whilefrom you heard
heard in a whilefrom you
A little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for Seoul.
A little birdie told me
me A little birdie told
A little birdie me told
Are you really?
Would you come with your parents or separately?
you with your parents or separatelycome
you come with your parents or separately
with your parents or separatelycome you
In any case, we have had some more time to do some exploring (and shopping), so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come.
In any casewe some more time to do some exploring (and shopping)had
we some more time to do some exploring (and shopping)had In any case
had In any casewe some more time to do some exploring (and shopping)
I think that we will stay in Korea when your parents come and do the whole base thing (which will take only a few minutes, actually), but are considering going to China or somewhere during part of Thanksgiving.
I think
think I
We'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming!
whatever you want Wedo
whatever you want do We
Wewhatever you want do
Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what's going on in Houston.
us Let
Let us
Take care,
Take care
careTake
Do You Yahoo!?
Yahoo!You
You Yahoo!
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger.
instant messages Send
Send instant messages
Hey Tonto (a.k.a - the trusty, but silent, side-kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D)
The play was very good and I think well received.
good The play
The play good
I'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY.
Iforgotten
forgotten I
The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling).
The cast members have
have The cast members
I caught the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run last night here at the office (yes, I had to come back after the play...I love my job!).
last night caught the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run I
the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run caught last night I
I the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run caught last night
Anyway, I'm sure I'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl.
'm sure I
I'm sure
As a result of that, she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing Trivial Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me (The girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia).
managed As a result of thatover the years on several occasions she
over the years on several occasions she As a result of thatmanaged
managed As a result of thaton several occasions over the years she
Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went.
Kori me told
told me Kori
me Kori told
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you didn't spell her name right in the email - I mean it's such a common spelling.
let I you
I let you
I you let
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match?
She's a very fun girl.
's a very fun girlShe
She's a very fun girl
Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch.
Good luck with all of the "fun" meetings.
-- Due to the lack of response yesterday, I'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test...
Ibeginning Due to the lack of response yesterday
beginning IDue to the lack of response yesterday
beginning Due to the lack of response yesterdayI
I'm going to assume that you didn't get around to it.
going I
Igoing
Ted Noble
08/17/2000 10:05 AM
How was the play?
How was the play
the playHow was
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30.
forgot I
I forgot
Smart girl.
I ran into Corey last night at LWs and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren.
into Corey last night at LWs ran I
I at LWs into Corey ran last night
last night at LWs into Corey I ran
Anyway, lots of fun meetings today.
I'll talk to you later.
Ito you talk
Italk to you
talk Ito you
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier...
you ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier
the sentiment of the quote I sent earlierignore you
the sentiment of the quote I sent earlieryou ignore
I think you may be adhering to it too faithfully.
I think
think I
At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things.
we have At this rate
have we At this rate
At this rate we have
However, having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors.
feel I
I feel
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it (and, as we have established, I have the memory of an elephant).
in mind Keep
Keep in mind
I'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32.
to a minimum Ikeep discussion of me
keep discussion of me Ito a minimum
to a minimum discussion of me keep I
Now back to what's really important...you.
to what's really important...youback
back to what's really important...you
Thought you'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center...it's all about you and your needs.
Ted Noble
08/16/2000 10:56 AM
AAAAAGGGHHHHHH...
I just found out that I need to take the TX drivers exam both written and on the rode.
found out I
I found out
This is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire.
I know I need some of your organizational skills.
know I
I know
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 (I better not fail it).
I try
try I
How's life on 32 today -- well that's enough about you let's talk more about me.
's enough thatabout you
about you 's enough that
that's enough about you
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.
is no pleasure in having nothing to do
no pleasure in having nothing to dois
-Mary Little
Bob Bowen
07/14/2000 03:58 PM
Note that the No "Out" version requires us to pay the premium on Tuesday!
07/14/2000 02:18 PM
As we discussed, the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue:
is revised disclosure the following
the following is revised disclosure
EnronOnline will assist users, upon request, in arranging for the connection of "T1" lines or other means of direct access to EnronOnline, as an alternative to internet access.
assist usersEnronOnline upon request
usersEnronOnline assist upon request
assist EnronOnline usersupon request
Direct access connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access.
enable Direct access connections users
Direct access connections users enable
users enable Direct access connections
Please call if you want to discuss.
Have a good weekend.
a good weekendHave
Have a good weekend
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.
sent This e-mail by a law firm
sent by a law firm This e-mail
by a law firm sent This e-mail
If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
delete the e-mail
the e-mail delete
The least we can do is pass this news along.
is The least we can do
The least we can do is
Is there anyone else we should tell?
anyone else we should tellIs
Is anyone else we should tell
Ted Bockius <Ted.Bockius@ivita.com>
07/17/2000 02:21 PM
fyi... it sound like Bobby is in serious condition.
sound it
it sound
Thanks,
I think they'll send us another update once he's out of emergency and into a room.?
I think
think I
Then it's real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number.? The address is below.?
It doesn't sound like he can receive visitors yet.
It sound
sound It
A.
Thanks for the heads up.?
Do you know the address to send cards??
the address to send cardsyou know
know the address to send cardsyou
the address to send cardsknow you
Do you know if Bobby can see visitors??
you know
know you
Some of the folks here would like to know.
Some of the folks here like
like Some of the folks here
Thanks,
Thought you might like to know.
Amy Cornell Compaq CPCG Marketing P: 281-518-9526 F: 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com <mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com> >
Jann, phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group, concerning Bobby Riggins.
phoned Jannthis morning
Jannphoned this morning
phoned this morning Jann
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team, while cycling this weekend, he and other members of his team were injured by a truck.?
is a member Bobby
Bobby is a member
There was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries.?
one death was in the injured group
was one death in the injured group
one death in the injured group was
Bobby is one of those with major injuries.?
Bobby is one
is one Bobby
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital.?
He emergency room
emergency room He
Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, Texas, phone number: 713-793-2000.?
at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, TexasBen Taub hospital located
located Ben Taub hospital at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, Texas
Ben Taub hospital located at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, Texas
He cannot accept calls, visits or flowers at this time, since he is in the emergency room.?
He accept at this timecalls, visits or flowers
at this timeaccept He calls, visits or flowers
He accept calls, visits or flowers at this time
An update will be e-mailed, as soon as one is available.
e-mailedAn update
An update e-mailed
Keep Bobby, his team members and their families in your prayers.
Keep Bobby, his team members and their families in your prayers
in your prayersBobby, his team members and their families Keep
in your prayersKeep Bobby, his team members and their families
Rosario Gonzales Administrative Assistant ESSG CCA-15, 150301, 153B09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com <mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com> >
I think it's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel (I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size).
think I
I think
David Forster@ENRON
07/17/2000 06:15 PM
Mark,
We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages (like the homepage).
thinking We
We thinking
Can you offer comments/concerns/guidelines?
comments/concerns/guidelinesoffer you
comments/concerns/guidelinesyou offer
offer you comments/concerns/guidelines
Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires?
make sense
sense make
I'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually, I'm sure I don't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me.
I'm not sure
'm not sure I
Patrick Hansen@ENRON
07/17/2000 04:28 PM
Michael and myself are planing to be in Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this week.
planing Michael and myself
Michael and myself planing
We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL implementation.
We intend
intend We
We will meet Dave Forster and his team among others.
meet We Dave Forster and his team among others
meet Dave Forster and his team among othersWe
Dave Forster and his team among othersWe meet
We would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or individually.
We like
like We
Please let me know about your availability and if it is possible to meet with more than one of you in one place.
me let
let me
Thank you
you Thank
Thank you
David Forster@ENRON
07/17/2000 02:34 PM
Further background:
Argentina intend to press ahead even given the concern about taxes, etc.
Argentina intend
intend Argentina
They wish to launch on Sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-August.
wish They
They wish
Leonardo Pacheco
07/17/2000 08:50 AM
Mark,
Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina?
Thanks for your help!
Leonardo Pacheco ext. 39938
If you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets.
is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets
a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy marketsis
I don't know where this stands officially (I haven't heard any developments since Amsterdam) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want.
I know
know I
Mark E Haedicke
07/18/2000 08:58 AM
We should include ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America.
ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North Americainclude We
ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North AmericaWe include
We ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North Americainclude
I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form.
a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading formI add
a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading formadd I
add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading formI
I am thinking 4 slides at the most.
I 4 slides at the mostthinking
thinking I 4 slides at the most
4 slides at the mostI thinking
Is that what you want?
that Is
Is that
Current Plan:
Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return)
9 work days
Wed. Sept. 20 - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm
Thur. Sept. 21 - Arrv. London early a.m., transfer to flight to Nice
- Arrv. Nice around noon?
Nice Arrv. around noon
around noonArrv. Nice
Arrv. Nice around noon
rent car & drive to first hotel (less than 1 hour away); collapse
rent car
car rent
Fri. Sept. 22 - Stay in same hotel, visit Monaco, Nice?
Sat. Sept. 23 - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other coastal towns, check-in mid afternoon
Sun. Sept. 24 - St. Tropez
Mon. Sept. 25 - St. Tropez
Tue. Sept. 26 - Drive to Nice, return car, fly to Paris
Wed. Sept. 27 - Paris
Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris (Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip)
Fri. Sept. 29 - Paris (Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day side trip)
Sat. Sept. 30 - Paris
Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - (arrv. London late afternoon)
Mon. Oct. 2 - London (meetings for CLH)
Tues. Oct. 3 - Fly London to Houston (lv. around noon, arrv. around 4:30pm)
Fly to Houston London Tues. Oct. 3
Fly Tues. Oct. 3 London to Houston
Tues. Oct. 3 London to Houston Fly
To make matters even more confusing, there are two Mark Taylors.
are two Mark Taylors
two Mark Taylorsare
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London).
I believe
believe I
Unfortunately, I can't forward your message to him directly (there seems to be a problem with the attachment).
your message to him I forward
to him I forward your message
I to him forward your message
If you still have it, can you send it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"?
it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"send you
it to him at "Mark EI.London Taylor"you send
you to him send it at "Mark EI.London Taylor"
I will take care of it.
of itI care take
I take of itcare
I care of ittake
Thanks for the reminder.
Ladies,
Enclosed is a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics.
Enclosed a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics
a worksheet for Ineos AcrylicsEnclosed
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US.
Ineos is an English company
is an English company Ineos
Note that the credit thresholds are in US$, but the MACS are designated in British Pounds.
Please send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the CP.
the draft to Troy Black send
send the draft to Troy Black
the draft send to Troy Black
Please deliver a copy to me as well.
deliver to me a copy
a copy deliver to me
a copy to me deliver
Have a great weekend.
Have a great weekend
a great weekendHave
<< File: Ineos.xls >>
Robbi:
I left you a voice mail on Friday.
you I on Fridaya voice mail left
left a voice mail you on FridayI
I a voice mail left on Fridayyou
I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had.
at the UEComm Master looked I
looked I at the UEComm Master
at the UEComm Master I looked
Hi,
Attached are Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement.
Uecomm's final comments to the Master AgreementAttached
Attached Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement
John Suttle has OK'd Anthony's latest request w/r.t. the CSA.
OK'd w/r.t. the CSAAnthony's latest request John Suttle
John Suttle OK'd w/r.t. the CSAAnthony's latest request
OK'd John Suttle w/r.t. the CSAAnthony's latest request
Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred, David, John and me tomorrow?
an executable version of the contract you send tomorrowto Fred, David, John and me
to Fred, David, John and me you tomorrowsend an executable version of the contract
tomorrowyou to Fred, David, John and me send an executable version of the contract
If they're OK with it, we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections.
welike
like we
Pat,
Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement.
the Enron Master Agreementfind
find the Enron Master Agreement
I have inserted the company details of Uecomm as requested.
I inserted the company details of Uecomm
the company details of Uecomm inserted I
inserted I the company details of Uecomm
I have also amended the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days.
instead of 2 daysto 10 days amended I the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex
amended the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex instead of 2 daysto 10 days I
amended I the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days
(Clauses 2 & 3).
I have tracked all changes for ease of reference.
all changes I for ease of referencetracked
tracked all changes I for ease of reference
for ease of referenceall changes I tracked
If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution.
print you
you print
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call.
Regards,
Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford, VIC 3067. Ph. (03) 9221 4101 Fax.(03) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920
<<Enron - UC Master Agreement - 0308.doc>>
Turn up your sound a bit.
Turn up a bityour sound
your sound Turn up a bit
a bitTurn up your sound
Reminder:
Conference Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A.
Nick:
Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V.
Attached for your further handling the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V
the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.Vfor your further handling Attached
for your further handling the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.VAttached
Please note that the economic provisions have been omitted.
Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
me let
let me
Marie x33907
Tana:
Here's info on the Elliotts.
Here's info on the Elliotts
info on the ElliottsHere's
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!
We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "Babies Elliott" had arrived.
asking Weeveryday
everyday asking We
everyday Weasking
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that Mom is doing well.
Look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones.
I know you all are going to have so much fun with them.
know I
I know
Hope you've been storing up sleep, cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while.
Again, congratulations.
These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad, but I'm sure they'll find out soon.
realize These three little ones
These three little ones realize
Take care
Take care
care Take
Ladies and gentlemen,
This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday, 6th July, to our triplets:
is This
This is
Benjamin James - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs
Toby William - 12.46 pm - 4 lbs
Hannah May - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs.
Although small, they are all "fully functioning" and very well - they are in the lowest level of special care (and they will probably be in there for another two to four weeks) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights.
are all "fully functioningthey
they are all "fully functioning
Emma is fine, too - very well!!
is fineEmma
Emma is fine
All the best and kind regards
OOPS!
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you.
Attached the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you
the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent youAttached
Rebecca:
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts.
attaching I a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts
a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accountsattaching I
I a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accountsattaching
I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer.
attempted I
I attempted
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are.
Jim Armogida assist
assist Jim Armogida
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
me Let
Let me
Marie x33907
Turn up your sound a bit.
Turn up a bityour sound
your sound a bitTurn up
a bityour sound Turn up
Hi, Liz:
Thanks!
Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
Ms. Marquez:
I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz.
I regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortizfollowing up
regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy OrtizI following up
following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy OrtizI
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments.
We look forward to hearing your comments.
look We
We look
Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
Ms. Marquez:
Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments.
Attached an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments
an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our commentsAttached
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite, Senior Counsel (713/345-7942; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com) or me with any questions or comments.
Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for your assistance
Thank for your assistanceyou
for your assistanceThank you
Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
Tanya:
I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. for our review.
for our reviewI this draft received from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc.
I from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. received for our reviewthis draft
received for our reviewthis draft I from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc.
Will you pass along to the appropriate person?
to the appropriate personyou pass
you to the appropriate personpass
pass to the appropriate personyou
Thanks!
Marie -
per our conversation yesterday afternoon, attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above.
proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the aboveper our conversation yesterday afternoonattached
attached per our conversation yesterday afternoonproposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above
attached proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the aboveper our conversation yesterday afternoon
Having spoken with Dennis Goldmann, I am advised that there are currently 2 Guaranties in place in the sum of $8M each: one by Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc f/b/o Enron, and one by Enron Inc. f/b/o Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing.
advised I
I advised
I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $10M for each party, but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly.
told I
I told
Let me know if this is your understanding, as well.
Let me
me Let
After you have had the chance to review the attached, please send me a marked-up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there.
a marked-up draft me send
me a marked-up draft send
send a marked-up draft me
Should you have any questions, feel free to call me.
I can be reached at 315-460-3344.
at 315-460-3344reached I
reached I at 315-460-3344
I at 315-460-3344reached
Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349.
Any credit concerns discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349
Any credit concerns with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349discussed
discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who can be reached at 315-460-3349Any credit concerns
I look forward to hearing from you.
look I
I look
Patty Snyder
(See attached file: ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)(See attached file: ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)
attached file: ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).docSee
See attached file: ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc
- ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc
- ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc
Hi Marie
Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way?
a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this wayyou get
you a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this wayget
a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this wayget you
Thanks, I know you are busy.
know I
I know
Jeff:
Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.
the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex. Attached
Attached the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex.
I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message.
on the fax machine putting the credit worksheet I to you
the credit worksheet I on the fax machine putting to you
putting I the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
Let me
me Let
Marie x33907
Hi everyone,
I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
I got with Hai of the phone
I with Hai got of the phone
of the phone got I with Hai
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
mean this
this mean
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.
someone like I
like someone I
I like someone
Let me know if one of you could help me do this.
Let me
me Let
Karim.
Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now.
this problem
problem this
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.
was a change made in the coding for the delta position
a change made in the coding for the delta position was
John, Karim,
I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
looking at the option liquidation problemsI
Iat the option liquidation problemslooking
looking Iat the option liquidation problems
I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue.
believe I
I believe
I'll keep you posted.
keep you I
Ikeep you
you keep I
Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question...
this's likely the explanation
's likely the explanation this
I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today)
get I
Iget
Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608.
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608
is 11608The post id I am looking at for Calgary
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money.
looking at the option liquidation report I
at the option liquidation report looking I
at the option liquidation report I looking
Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative
be a negative all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month
The liq value for the call is CORRECT.
The liq value for the call is CORRECT
is CORRECTThe liq value for the call
Karim,
I don't want to wait till month end, let's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order, lets take that value into June since it relates to July puts.
I want
want I
Hi everyone,
I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
got I of the phone with Hai
I with Hai got of the phone
I with Hai of the phone got
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
mean this
this mean
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.
like someone I
someone I like
someone like I
Let me know if one of you could help me do this.
me Let
Let me
Karim.
Evidently, this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now.
this problem
problem this
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.
was a change made in the coding for the delta position
a change made in the coding for the delta position was
John, Karim,
I'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
at the option liquidation problemsIlooking
looking Iat the option liquidation problems
at the option liquidation problemslooking I
I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue.
I believe
believe I
I'll keep you posted.
keep you I
you keep I
keep Iyou
Karim - this's likely the explanation to your other question...
's likely the explanation this
this's likely the explanation
I'll get back to you as soon as I have more info (hopefully later today)
get I
Iget
Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608.
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608
is 11608The post id I am looking at for Calgary
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money.
I at the option liquidation report looking
at the option liquidation report looking I
looking I at the option liquidation report
Shouldn't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing positive liquidation) for the puts?
be a negative all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month
all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative
The liq value for the call is CORRECT.
is CORRECTThe liq value for the call
The liq value for the call is CORRECT
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment, I can meet with you individually later some time
due to a prior appointmentunable
unable due to a prior appointment
OK, now that I've got your attention - I really am offering free lunch!
offering I free lunch
free lunchI offering
offering free lunchI
I would like to informally get together with you on Wednesday, July 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm (max) to talk about your recruiting experience with Enron Canada.
like I
I like
We're gearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process.
Wegearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting campaign
for our 2001/02 recruiting campaign gearing up We
gearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting campaign We
For those of you in Toronto, I apologize for not being able to schedule this over your lunch time!
apologize I For those of you in Toronto
I For those of you in Torontoapologize
For those of you in TorontoI apologize
However, if you can wait til 2:00pm to eat, go ahead and grab something and expense it!
We'll hook you guys in by videoconference.
I've booked Videoconference Room # 1.
Ibooked Videoconference Room # 1
booked IVideoconference Room # 1
Videoconference Room # 1booked I
Please let me know whether or not you can attend so I can order enough food.
me let
let me
Thanks!!
should be ok
Kindly confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday, July 26th at 2:00 p.m. (4:00 p.m. Toronto time).
confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday, July 26th at 2:00 p.m. (4:00 p.m. Toronto time)
your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday, July 26th at 2:00 p.m. (4:00 p.m. Toronto time)confirm
This meeting should not take more than one hour.
take This meeting more than one hour
more than one hourtake This meeting
This meeting more than one hourtake
The Toronto office will be video conferenced in.
The Toronto office conferenced video
The Toronto office video conferenced
video The Toronto office conferenced
Regards,
Lets try before Fri, as I am planning to take that day off
s Let
Lets
Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week.
the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this weekAttached
Attached the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern/confusion you may have.
propose I
I propose
Also, would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this.
on thisthose of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work
those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA on thiswork
work on thisthose of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA
Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard.
the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regardAttached
Attached the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard
<< File: Tabors Conflict Letter Alberta Export 050901.doc >>
Regards,
Rob,
This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day.
reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other dayThis draft
the changes we discussed during our call the other dayreflects This draft
reflects This draft the changes we discussed during our call the other day
I've also included a redlined draft showing changes.
included Ia redlined draft showing changes
Iincluded a redlined draft showing changes
Ia redlined draft showing changesincluded
Regards,
<<Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc>>
<<Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc>>
- Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc << File: Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc >>
- Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc << File: Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>
Hi John,
With reference to Article 5, section 5.1 (b), are we going to propose an alternative planned outage to TAU for next year?
we With reference to Article 5, section 5.1 (b)going
going With reference to Article 5, section 5.1 (b)we
we going With reference to Article 5, section 5.1 (b)
Thanks,
"Katie Kaplan" <kaplan@iepa.com>
10/27/2000 06:20 PM
Please respond to kaplan
respond to kaplan
to kaplan respond
Greetings:
IEP will be hosting a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on Thursday, December 7, 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento.
at the historic Julia Morgan House in SacramentoIEP on Thursday, December 7, 2000 a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis hosting
a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis IEP hosting on Thursday, December 7, 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento
at the historic Julia Morgan House in SacramentoIEP hosting on Thursday, December 7, 2000 a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis
We will be targeting to raise at least $100,000 so company contributions will range from $10,000-$20,000 per person ($10k minimum per person) depending on the number of respondents.
We targeting
targeting We
We have already received firm commitments from 3 companies.
firm commitments received We from 3 companies
from 3 companiesfirm commitments We received
firm commitments from 3 companiesWe received
If you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible.
me e-mail
e-mail me
A formal invitation will follow to those who respond.
to those who respondfollow A formal invitation
to those who respondA formal invitation follow
follow A formal invitation to those who respond
We need responses or direction by no later than COB on Monday, October 30, 2000.
need by no later than COB on Monday, October 30, 2000responses or direction We
by no later than COB on Monday, October 30, 2000need responses or direction We
We responses or direction by no later than COB on Monday, October 30, 2000need
Please contact me with any questions.
me contact with any questions
with any questionsme contact
contact with any questionsme
Thank you,
Thank you
youThank
Katie Kaplan Manager of Policy IEP (916) 448-9499
Congratulations.
Everyone is extremely pleased that you're joining.
Everyone is extremely pleased
is extremely pleased Everyone
Best of luck and very much looking forward to working together.
of luck Best
Best of luck
Best,
I'll believe it when I see it.
Iit believe
believe Iit
it Ibelieve
Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker & Co.right up until Nov. 1.
Thanks.
I'm glad they want to follow-up with Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call.
I'm glad
'm glad I
Let's regroup on Monday.
's Let
Let's
I'll be in Portland but can call you.
in Portland I
Iin Portland
Best,
Jeremy Meier <jermeier@earthlink.net>
10/29/2000 11:48 AM
Jeff:
FYI, we had an instructive rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and Robbie et al.
had an instructive rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and Robbie et alwe
we on Friday with Sue and Robbie et alan instructive rest of the conference call had
we had with Sue and Robbie et alon Friday an instructive rest of the conference call
They indicated they could use Steve's help face to face at some point.
They indicated
indicated They
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues, case law and MSA self-certification language, and let me know if you have additional items.
We with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues, case law and MSA self-certification language, following up
following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues, case law and MSA self-certification language, We
with Sue and Robbie We on a couple legal issues, case law and MSA self-certification language, following up
We await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the CPUC.
await We approval on the final tariff language
We approval on the final tariff language await
approval on the final tariff language We await
Let me know what schedule works for you.
Let me
me Let
Also, can you confirm the correct names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on Friday's call: Robbie Rossi, Michelle, Melissa Lloyd?
confirm the correct names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on Friday's call: Robbie Rossi, Michelle, Melissa Lloydyou
the correct names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on Friday's call: Robbie Rossi, Michelle, Melissa Lloydyou confirm
you confirm the correct names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on Friday's call: Robbie Rossi, Michelle, Melissa Lloyd
Thanks.
Jeremy Meier Blumenfeld & Cohen
Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF.
Attached for your review draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SF
Attached draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SFfor your review
draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday in SFfor your review Attached
All comments, suggestions, etc. are appreciated.
All comments, suggestions, etc. are appreciated
are appreciatedAll comments, suggestions, etc.
Thanks.
Yes, I would like to participate.
I like
like I
Thanks.
thanks a million.
talk to you then.
to you talk
talk to you
Lara Leibman@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
10/31/2000 03:48 PM
Here's the info for calling in -- thanks!
Angie Buis
10/31/00 02:17 PM
The call-in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows:
The call-in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are
are The call-in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting
Everyone will dial the toll free number 1-877-331-6867.
dial Everyone the toll free number 1-877-331-6867
the toll free number 1-877-331-6867dial Everyone
dial the toll free number 1-877-331-6867Everyone
All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code, which is 600-480.
prompted All the outside participants
All the outside participants prompted
Wayne, your access code (room 4434) after dialing the toll free number will be 857-771.
be 857-771your access code (room 4434) after dialing the toll free number
your access code (room 4434) after dialing the toll free number be 857-771
I have asked for 4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in, they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance.
asked for 4 outside ports I
I asked for 4 outside ports
for 4 outside ports asked I
The duration of the call is 3.5 hours.
is 3.5 hoursThe duration of the call
The duration of the call is 3.5 hours
The call will terminate once everyone has hung up.
terminate The call
The call terminate
Please let me know if any of you need additional information.
let me
me let
Thanks.
Angie Buis EBS-Tax x-37097
Attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself, and the various appendices to the settlement.?
for your review Attached copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself, and the various appendices to the settlement
for your review copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself, and the various appendices to the settlementAttached
Attached for your review copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself, and the various appendices to the settlement
Because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically, they have not been included with this note.?
they with this noteincluded
with this notethey included
included they with this note
Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement, including all declarations and signature pages, are being shipped tonight via US mail to all parties on the service list.?
via US mail tonight to all parties on the service listHard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement, including all declarations and signature pagesshipped
tonight to all parties on the service listHard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement, including all declarations and signature pagesshipped via US mail
shipped to all parties on the service listtonight Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement, including all declarations and signature pagesvia US mail
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need.
be available Additional printed copies within the next day or so
be available within the next day or so Additional printed copies
Additional printed copies within the next day or so be available
I would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process.?
like I
I like
You have all devoted considerable time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it shows.?
You devoted considerable time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document
devoted considerable time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document You
considerable time, resources and spirit You in the preparation of this document devoted
We now have a settlement before the Commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among others.?
a settlement We before the Commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among othershave
a settlement before the Commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among othershave We
before the Commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among othershave a settlement We
While we should be proud of our accomplishment, we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline.?
turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadlinewe
we to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadlineturn
turn we to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline
Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details.?
made Assignments
Assignments made
So much for resting on our laurels.?
Once again, thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment.
for an outstanding accomplishmentthank you all
thank for an outstanding accomplishmentyou all
you all for an outstanding accomplishmentthank
<<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>> ? <<ld2d-#69397-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69396-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69377-1.XLS>> <<ld2d-#69381-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69336-1.XLS>> <<Primary Rights 4-12 .doc>> <<ld2d-#69334-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>>
- ld2d-#69366-1.DOC
- ld2d-#69345-1.DOC
- ld2d-#69397-1.DOC
- ld2d-#69396-1.DOC
- ld2d-#69377-1.XLS
- ld2d-#69381-1.DOC
- ld2d-#69366-1.DOC
- ld2d-#69336-1.XLS
- Primary Rights 4-12 .doc
- ld2d-#69334-1.DOC
- ld2d-#69345-1.DOC
Severin Borenstein
E.T. Grether Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy Director Haas School of Business U.C. Energy Institute University of California 2539 Channing Way Berkeley, CA 94720-1900 Berkeley, CA 94720-5180 (p) 510-642-3689 (p) 510-642-5145 (f) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei Email: borenste@haas.berkeley.edu WWW: http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon.
a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoonAttached
Attached a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon
Have distributed to Western GA team (plus Steffes) for comment and thought you may have some, too.
to Western GA team (plus Steffes) for comment distributed
distributed to Western GA team (plus Steffes) for comment
distributed for comment to Western GA team (plus Steffes)
Topic for panel, "PUC Priorities."
Goal is to (politely?) refute Loretta Lynch's and Carl Woods' continued assertions that 1) California's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2) the solution is to turn back the clock to command-and-control regulation.
Goal is
is Goal
The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat.
The FERC order tomorrow is likely
is likely The FERC order tomorrow
Comments are much appreciated.
Comments appreciated
appreciatedComments
Best,
Chris:
As we discussed yesterday, Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday.
spoke Laird and I
Laird and I spoke
We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week.
need We
Weneed
You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product.
mentioned You
You mentioned
You still considering it?
itYou considering
considering You it
You itconsidering
Let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end.
us Let
Let us
My flight gets into S.D. at at 8:35 on southwest.
My flight into S.D. gets at 8:35 on southwestat
at gets at 8:35 on southwestinto S.D. My flight
at 8:35 on southwestMy flight at into S.D. gets
Best,
Sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 AM and it's renewable-focused.
sez Sandi
Sandi sez
David Forster
03/08/2000 09:45 AM
Dear Justin
Marly asked me to respond to you.
me asked Marly
Marly asked me
me Marly asked
As you know, the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many companies.
the suffix ONLINE descriptive
descriptive the suffix ONLINE
Therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE.
enable any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it its owner
any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it enable its owner
its owner enable any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it
Given the above, if you have adequate protection for the word ENRON (which covers the services that you offer on-line as well as your core activities), I'd say that another application for the words ENRON ONLINE is probably unnecessary.
Isay
say I
However, if you use a particular logo for the on-line service, that should be registered.
registeredthat
that registered
I hope the above is clear.
hope I
I hope
Jonathan Day
Marly,
If you could respond to me on this request, thanks
Paul Goddard
08/03/2000 11:35
Can one of you give me a quick call to discuss .
give one of you me a quick call
one of you me give a quick call
one of you give me a quick call
I'm @ X37047.
@ X37047I
I@ X37047
Thanks.
I believe we are to some extent already protected with "Enron" proceeded with anything, but EnronOnline(TM) , etc. just affords us more protection.
believe I
I believe
I assume this is akin to why McDonald's trademarks "Mc"Everything?
I assume
assume I
David Forster
08/03/2000 01:50
Paul,
Can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking?
you a call me give
me give a call you
me a call you give
i.e. Are we covered if we proceed a word with "Enron"?
covered we
we covered
e.g.: EnronEAuction.
If we are covered, then was it necessary to register EnronOnline?
Thanks,
This message is confidential.
This message is confidential
is confidentialThis message
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules.
It privileged
privileged It
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
let us by reply
let by reply us
us by reply let
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning, we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list: Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, and Slovenia.
Below is the list, now updated to reflect this change.
Below is the list, now updated to reflect this change
the list, now updated to reflect this changeBelow is
Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives: Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K, and the U.S..
Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include: Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The Netherlands.
Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The NetherlandsJurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include
includeJurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The Netherlands
includeAustria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain, and The NetherlandsJurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives
For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches).
be possible For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction
For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdictionbe possible
This would have to be determined on a case by case basis.
have This
This have
Please let me know if there are any changes to this list.
let me
me let
Sent by: Nella Cappelletto
Sent by: Nella Cappelletto
by: Nella Cappelletto Sent
Yes, we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives and/or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act (Alberta), Securities Act (British Columbia) and Securities Act (Ontario).
add we compliance with OTC Derivatives and/or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act (Alberta), Securities Act (British Columbia) and Securities Act (Ontario)
we add compliance with OTC Derivatives and/or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act (Alberta), Securities Act (British Columbia) and Securities Act (Ontario)
add compliance with OTC Derivatives and/or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act (Alberta), Securities Act (British Columbia) and Securities Act (Ontario)we
Thanks,
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules?
we With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply withwant
want With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply withwe
we want With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with
Molly Harris
03/08/2000 05:37 PM
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00.
find Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00
Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00find
You are the best!
are the bestYou
You are the best
Why does it always have to be my deals...?!!!
it have
have it
We've received a personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan.
a personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 FeaganWereceived
Wea personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feaganreceived
received a personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 FeaganWe
The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract.
The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary
is the 10th anniversary The cause of this celebration
It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend.
be nice It
It be nice
Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation...
a personal invitationgive them you
give you a personal invitationthem
a personal invitationgive you them
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm.
the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirmreceived We
We the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirmreceived
We received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm
BC Gas won't sign the confirms with the rep in, and this has caused much difficulties.
BC Gas sign the confirms
BC Gas the confirms sign
the confirms sign BC Gas
I am going to count it as signed, since BC Gas has signed, but we still need it to be signed by ECC.
I going
going I
Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me.
get it you
get you it
it get you
Much thanks.
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000.
the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000received We
received We the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000
We received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000
This Amendment amends the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement.
the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription AgreementThis Amendment amends
amends This Amendment the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement
the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreementamends This Amendment
Copies will be distributed.
distributedCopies
Copies distributed
Updating another blue file because Susan B., this time, has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes!
another blue file Updating
Updating another blue file
It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on, and you probably didn't see them at first.
I didn't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up.
either I
I either
When you have a minute, I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel.
give me a call I
a call give Ime
me Igive a call
I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for Credit Derivatives, and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of London.
spoke to Edmund I
to Edmund spoke I
to Edmund I spoke
I communicated that to Bob Bowen.
to Bob Bowencommunicated that I
I communicated to Bob Bowenthat
to Bob Bowenthat communicated I
He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business.
said He
He said
Wow!
Carol, will you handle this or Mark?
Tori Kuykendall
03/09/2000 03:51 PM
hi mark -
i'm a gas trader on the west desk and one of my customers had some issues with our electronic trading agreement.
igas trader
gas trader i
the company is Arco Products, adn their comments are on the attached file.
Arco Productsthe company
the company Arco Products
could you take a look at this and give me an update.
at this take you a look
a look at this you take
take at this a look you
thanks.
Torrey, as promised I have attached ARCO's suggested revisions to the Enron online trading agreement.
ARCO's suggested revisions to the Enron online trading agreementI attached
ARCO's suggested revisions to the Enron online trading agreementattached I
attached ARCO's suggested revisions to the Enron online trading agreementI
I look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting.
look I
I look
(See attached file: ETA_revision0307.doc)
See attached file: ETA_revision0307.doc
attached file: ETA_revision0307.docSee
- ETA_revision0307.doc
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999.
received We the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999
We received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999
We the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1, 1999received
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master.
adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the masterThis amendment
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master
the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the masterThis amendment adds
Copies will be distributed.
distributedCopies
Copies distributed
Confirmation Desk: you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now.
stop you
you stop
Molly Harris
03/09/2000 05:39 PM
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/9/00.
Credit's EOL responses for 3/9/00find
find Credit's EOL responses for 3/9/00
Regards,
Here's the list with the missing counterparties.
Here's the list with the missing counterparties
the list with the missing counterpartiesHere's
Molly Harris
03/08/2000 05:37 PM
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00.
find Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00
Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00find
Yeah!
Probably...
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power.
a call from Dave and Frank got I
a call from Dave and Frank I got
got I a call from Dave and Frank
I'll need to talk to you about his Monday.
Ineed
need I
Hey guys, take Monday off!
Monday take
take Monday
Molly Harris
03/10/2000 04:28 PM
Please note Credit has no EOL responses for 3/10/00.
Mike Jordan
04/04/2001 09:27 AM
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals.
find the most recent update for Merchanting Metals
the most recent update for Merchanting Metalsfind
In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule.
the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts behind scheduleIn summary
In summary behind schedulethe planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts
behind schedulethe planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts In summary
Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ).
allocated Additional resources
Additional resources allocated
Please contact me if you require any additional information
me contact
contact me
Mike Jordan
03/04/2001 16:29
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage, spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
was The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email )
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was
Despite the best efforts of IT, continuing problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values.
continuing problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such Despite the best efforts of IT
continuing problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry Despite the best efforts of ITare such
Despite the best efforts of ITcontinuing problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such
Consequently I need to inform you of, and/or require your approval for, the following :
need I
I need
I will discuss with AA the following
discuss with AA the following I
I discuss with AA the following
I the following discuss with AA
that OBSF values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model simplifications)
due to data issues above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model simplificationsmisstated OBSF values within the extended trial balance
due to data issues OBSF values within the extended trial balance above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model simplificationsmisstated
misstated due to data issues OBSF values within the extended trial balance above and beyond existing conversations with AA on model simplifications
that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses, AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to AA within the audit timetable)
are reconciling differences between trader position analyses, AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to AA within the audit timetable)
reconciling differences between trader position analyses, AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to AA within the audit timetable) are
an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work )
The creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives
The signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who will 'duplicate' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing Traffic staff
A reconciling difference of $15mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400.
A reconciling difference of $15mm between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400exists
exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400A reconciling difference of $15mm
between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400A reconciling difference of $15mm exists
We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l, as a result of data or system valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe.
We continue
continue We
However, this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p&l values with traders.
need this difference
this difference need
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated.
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows
Middle Office work being prioritised is
is Middle Office work being prioritised
the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic/co-ordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues ), requiring full download of contract detail for later reference
reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd and 30th sample tests of vanilla forward transactions
detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must be reconciled to Barclays documentation
spreadsheet recalculation of OBSF option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis
the debtors/creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd
I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval
in touch I re the items needing approval
I re the items needing approval in touch
re the items needing approval I in touch
Mike Jordan
21/03/2001 18:20
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business.
resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals businessSeveral related issues
Several related issues resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business
in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals businessresulted Several related issues
Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility ("OBSF") which commenced two weeks before the year end.
The uncertainty generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility late in the year end audit.
The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400 Merchanting code, arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality, which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF.
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ).
The senior IT developer for Merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave.
The senior IT developer for Merchanting resigned
resigned The senior IT developer for Merchanting
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues.
Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus, gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet.
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers.
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business delayed
delayed The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business
The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1.
The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses continuing
continuing The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both businesses
Middle Office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all Metals businesses.
a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all Metals businessesMiddle Office instigated
instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all Metals businessesMiddle Office
Middle Office instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all Metals businesses
An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage, spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations.
An enhanced position signoff process prior to end Q1 implemented
implemented prior to end Q1 An enhanced position signoff process
An enhanced position signoff process implemented prior to end Q1
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400, however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA/excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads.
be available within the AS400The necessary report functionality
within the AS400be available The necessary report functionality
be available The necessary report functionality within the AS400
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF.
prioritised User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports prioritised
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close
completed A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR by the Risk control staff
completed by the Risk control staff A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR by the Risk control staff completed
A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates
within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates A full internal balance sheet review completed
A full internal balance sheet review within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates completed
A full internal balance sheet review completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates
A full circularisation of inventory balances, and matching to source documentation within Enron
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances, by third party inspectors, where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )
Full reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account
A risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation, where applicable, and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements
A full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices/request for payment )
A full reconciliation of intercompany accounts
A full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding accounts
I intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during April
I intend
intend I
If you have any questions please call me on x34703
me on x34703 call
me call on x34703
on x34703 call me
Dr. Harris:
I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application.
I like
like I
Though I am disappointed with the results I am still determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year.
I am still determined
am still determined I
I understand how competitive the process has become, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, personality, extracurricular activities, etc. that this would compensate for my disability.
I understand
understand I
After talking with Professors Titman, Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for.
was sure I
I was sure
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.
am still certain I
I am still certain
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level.
I plan
plan I
I also plan on retaking the GMAT test.
plan I
I plan
Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business.
Due to my disabilitythis be a monumental task
this be a monumental taskDue to my disability
be a monumental taskDue to my disabilitythis
I would like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you.
like I
I like
If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
me let
let me
Take care and hope to hear from you soon.
care Take
Take care
Sincerely,
Ben Rogers
Professor Ronn:
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program.
I like
like I
In the end, the results were not favorable.
In the endwere not favorablethe results
were not favorablethe results In the end
were not favorableIn the endthe results
I understand that it is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extracurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability.
I understand
understand I
After talking with you and Professors Titman, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance.
was sure I
I was sure
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.
I am still sure
am still sure I
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level.
I plan
plan I
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.
plan I
I plan
Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business.
Due to my disabilitythis be a monumental task
be a monumental taskDue to my disabilitythis
this Due to my disabilitybe a monumental task
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.
It has been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
me let
let me
Take care and hope to hear from you soon.
Take care
care Take
Sincerely,
Ben Rogers
Professor Titman:
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program.
I like
like I
In the end, the results were not favorable.
In the endwere not favorablethe results
were not favorableIn the endthe results
were not favorablethe results In the end
I understand that it is a competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extrcurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability.
understand I
I understand
After talking with you and Professors Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance.
I was sure
was sure I
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year.
I am still sure
am still sure I
I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level.
I plan
plan I
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test.
I plan
plan I
Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business.
this be a monumental taskDue to my disability
this Due to my disabilitybe a monumental task
be a monumental taskDue to my disabilitythis
Also, I would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an Energy-Finance Private Equity Fund at UT.
like I
I like
I know that with my industry-wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund.
know I
I know
I am very interested in energy-finance and think that your idea is a very good.
am very interested in energy-finance I
in energy-finance I am very interested
I in energy-finance am very interested
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.
It has been a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
Also, if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
me let
let me
Take care and hope to hear from you soon.
Take care
care Take
Sincerely,
Ben Rogers
Let me know if you have any questions.
me Let
Let me
Sorry about that, I was working on the Teco O&M costs.
Sorry about that
about thatSorry
Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option.
send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option
an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread optionme send
send an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread optionme
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked.
want I
I want
As such, please provide the following detail:
As suchthe following detailprovide
As suchprovide the following detail
provide the following detailAs such
Will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options?
we valuinga series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options
we a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call optionsvaluing
a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call optionsvaluingwe
What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or West Hub?
Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh to value the deal?
the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh to value the dealsend me
send the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh to value the dealme
me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh to value the dealsend
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two (if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols)?
What expiration date are you using, i.e.: for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month, and for daily options?
you usingWhat expiration date
What expiration date you using
you What expiration date using
What correlation are you assuming, 15% flat for twenty years?
assumingyou What correlation
What correlation assumingyou
What correlation you assuming
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option?
you from the value of the optiondeducting all operating expenses
you all operating expenses deducting from the value of the option
deducting all operating expenses from the value of the optionyou
Are you using the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function to value the option?
you the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function using
you using the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function
the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function you using
Are you using the $/MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike?
using you the $/MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike
you using as your strikethe $/MWh VOM dollar amount
you as your strikeusing the $/MWh VOM dollar amount
Has Don provided the fixed payment stream?
Don the fixed payment streamprovided
provided the fixed payment streamDon
the fixed payment streamprovided Don
This stream should be covering both P&I and not just principal.
covering This stream both P&I and not just principal
This stream covering both P&I and not just principal
both P&I and not just principalcovering This stream
Yvan, and Ben, please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding.
via written correspondence answers to these question provide
answers to these question via written correspondence provide
answers to these question provide via written correspondence
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far.
for your time and help thus faryou both Thank
Thank for your time and help thus faryou both
you both Thank for your time and help thus far
Furthermore, I would like to reiterate that RAC's goal, prior to quoting any credit reserve, is to be 100% confident that: (i) the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups; and (ii) the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches.
like I
I like
This enables RAC to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately.
RAC This enables
RAC enables This
This enables RAC
Regards,
Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on.
this is the issue
is the issue this
Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's system.
obligates ECS Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS
ECS obligates Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS
obligates Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS ECS
We had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ECS is obligated to "assist [Transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [Transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual system.
a pretty good idea had We
had a pretty good idea We
We had a pretty good idea
We will fight with them about who owes the $200k that James mentions below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost.
with them fight We
We fight with them
with them We fight
In the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs.
need In the mean timewe
In the mean timewe need
need we In the mean time
Do we have someone who is watching this out there?
we someone who is watching this out therehave
someone who is watching this out therehave we
have we someone who is watching this out there
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.
on TW running We
on TW We running
running We on TW
James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--I guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC.
James heard
heard James
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution.
sounds like a BS excuse from ECSThat
like a BS excuse from ECSsounds That
That like a BS excuse from ECSsounds
Thanks.
James Centilli
12/14/2000 02:49 PM
Would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression Service Contract in respect to the Load Control Management.
you contact Gerald Nemec
Gerald Nemec you contact
Gerald Nemec contact you
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC's peak load periods.
was My understanding
My understanding was
We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of July through September.
received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of July through SeptemberWe
We received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of July through September
We access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of July through Septemberreceived
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year, that I have not been able to review yet.
Additional cost for the remainder of this yearincurred
incurred Additional cost for the remainder of this year
for the remainder of this yearincurred Additional cost
This cost is averaging $79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September.
This cost averaging $79,000 per month
averaging $79,000 per month This cost
$79,000 per month This cost averaging
Good point, but I'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points.
They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights (its in the tariff) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates, they could have done so.
They deemed
deemed They
None of them did, and most importantly, the winning bidders did not.
didNone of them
None of them did
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates.
Our letter agreement memorializes
memorializes Our letter agreement
I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down?
I from your message assume
from your message assume I
assume from your message I
I just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to.
done I
I done
My concern with adding the language below is, could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point, since we just stated Topack and Needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate??
isMy concern with adding the language below
My concern with adding the language below is
Susan Scott
01/11/2001 02:42 PM
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we've done.
After discussions with the commercial group propose I
I After discussions with the commercial group propose
After discussions with the commercial group I propose
If there are any objections you need to get back to me ASAP.
you need
need you
pls print.
In discussion with Dave, we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers.
In discussion with Davewe thought
thought In discussion with Davewe
thought we In discussion with Dave
However, as you will see, the questions I thought of got kinda long- but I think we need answers for all of them.
got the questions I thought of
the questions I thought of got
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I've listed.
One thought is
is One thought
Please provide me your thoughts asap.
provide your thoughts me
me your thoughts provide
me provide your thoughts
whasssup?
Here it is.
Thanks.
Here is the attachment...
the attachmentHere is
Here is the attachment
Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing.
Attached my draft of a request for rehearing
my draft of a request for rehearingAttached
It incorporates Mr. Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial comments.
Mr. Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial commentsincorporates It
Mr. Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial commentsIt incorporates
It Mr. Stojic's and Mr. Kelly's initial commentsincorporates
Please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon (I will be out of the office Monday).
it review
review it
Thank you!
Thank you
youThank
OK.
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 10:34 AM
Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc: to me.
approve Susan's attached expense report
Susan's attached expense report approve
Thanks!
Forgot to cc you.
Drew Fossum
01/12/2001 04:37 PM
OK.
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 10:34 AM
Please approve Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc: to me.
Susan's attached expense report approve
approve Susan's attached expense report
Thanks!
Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?
have any sort of policy on requests like thiswe
any sort of policy on requests like thishave we
we any sort of policy on requests like thishave
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).
last year the same request made Lee Huber
last year made the same request Lee Huber
Lee Huber made last year the same request
Norma, any thoughts?
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 01:14 PM
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.
Susan Scott like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41
authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41Susan Scott like
like Susan Scott authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
designed This particular chair
This particular chair designed
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.
this type of chairMany people at Enron have
this type of chairhave Many people at Enron
Many people at Enron have this type of chair
The cost is $567.77 per chair plus tax.
is $The cost
The cost is $
Please approve the purchase of two.
the purchase of twoapprove
approve the purchase of two
Thanks!
sorry, i left lou off of the message.
left i lou off of the message
left lou off of the messagei
i left lou off of the message
Drew Fossum
01/13/2001 09:45 AM
Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?
any sort of policy on requests like thishave we
we have any sort of policy on requests like this
have we any sort of policy on requests like this
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however).
Lee Huber last year made the same request
made the same request Lee Huber last year
last year made Lee Huber the same request
Norma, any thoughts?
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 01:14 PM
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41.
authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41like Susan Scott
like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41Susan Scott
authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41Susan Scott like
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
This particular chair designed
designed This particular chair
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.
this type of chairMany people at Enron have
Many people at Enron have this type of chair
have Many people at Enron this type of chair
The cost is $567.77 per chair plus tax.
is $The cost
The cost is $
Please approve the purchase of two.
approve the purchase of two
the purchase of twoapprove
Thanks!
I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM's spies intercepted.
believe I
I believe
She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him.
forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan She
forwarded to Stan the Sommer letter She
to Stan the Sommer letter forwarded She
Dari and I vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to Gibson and Kyle complaining of Sommer's duplicity, but after tempers cooled, MKM and I decided not to send it to Stan or urge him to send a written response.
vented Dari and I our aggravation
our aggravation vented Dari and I
vented our aggravation Dari and I
As it stands, MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers.
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation.
Yea--it was outstanding news!
it was outstanding news
was outstanding newsit
What a hoss.
Can't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip.
catch this time you
you this time catch
this time you catch
Evan --
Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market?
Who is responsible
is responsible Who
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC?
There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point.
been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point.
some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point. been
Am I scheduled to attend?
scheduled I
I scheduled
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday, September 12, at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DC.
on Wednesday, September 12The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors held at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DC
on Wednesday, September 12at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DCThe next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors held
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors held at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DCon Wednesday, September 12
The meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum.
The meeting in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forumheld
in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future ForumThe meeting held
held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future ForumThe meeting
(Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum.)
visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum
our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forumvisit
for more information on the DISCO Forumour newly updated website www.caem.org visit
Following the Board meeting on Wednesday, you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner, including a guest speaker.
you Following the Board meeting on Wednesdayinvited
invited Following the Board meeting on Wednesdayyou
Following the Board meeting on Wednesdayinvited you
Board members are also invited to join in the substantive session of the DISCO Forum on Thursday, September 13.
invited Board members
Board members invited
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings, the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked.
the Grand Hyatt Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetingsbooked
bookedBecause of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetingsthe Grand Hyatt
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetingsthe Grand Hyatt booked
However, we have reserved a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotel.
we a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotelreserved
a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotelreserved we
reserved a block of rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotelwe
To reserve one of these rooms, you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group.
the Wyndham staff you inform
you the Wyndham staff inform
inform the Wyndham staff you
If you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel, please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels.
We will be making the Wyndham rooms available to members of the DISCO Forum on July 20.
the Wyndham rooms making We on July 20
on July 20making the Wyndham rooms We
making the Wyndham rooms on July 20We
If you have any questions or require any assistance at all, please contact Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710.
contact Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710
Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710contact
We are looking forward to seeing you on September 12.
looking We
We looking
Hotel Information:
Grand Hyatt Hotel 1000 H Street NW Washington DC 20001 Phone: 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 Fax: 202.637.4781 Website: http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
Wyndham Washington DC 1400 M Street NW Washington, DC 20005 Phone: 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 Fax: 202.785.0786 Website: http://www.wyndham.com/Washington_DC/default.cfm
correct.
Is this correct?
If so, I will handle it.
I handle it
handle itI
ithandle I
Thanks Jim.
Lora Sullivan@ENRON
07/19/2001 03:31 PM
Dear Linda,
We are receiving invoices from Ace Federal Reporters for transcripts of the recent FERC settlement conferences.
Linda Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes' cost center, etc.
Linda Robertson says
says Linda Robertson
Do you want me to send the invoices to you?
you me want
me you want
want me you
Let me know.
Let me
me Let
Many thanks.
Lora Sullivan Federal Government Affairs Representative Enron 1775 Eye Street, NW Suite 800 Washington, DC 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 (fax) email: lora.sullivan@enron.com
<Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
I'm in all week.
Iall week'm in
all week'm in I
I'm in all week
Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up?
visit we
we visit
BRADLEY JR, ROBERT L,
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below.
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts attached
attached A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts
Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date.
disregard the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date
the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that datedisregard
Please use the attached for Associate and Analyst evaluations.
for Associate and Analyst evaluationsuse the attached
the attached use for Associate and Analyst evaluations
use the attached for Associate and Analyst evaluations
All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using this form.
completed All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts
All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts completed
- BRENNER, URSULA J.doc << File: BRENNER, URSULA J.doc >>
Jean & Thane --
Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?
have we a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss this
we a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss thishave
have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss thiswe
We do need a formal plan.
a formal planWe need
need a formal planWe
a formal planneed We
We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions.
working We
We working
Doug has been providing us with the necessary specific market information.
us Doug with the necessary specific market informationproviding
with the necessary specific market informationproviding us Doug
providing us with the necessary specific market informationDoug
We have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot and seeking resolution.
been successful We
We been successful
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the solution.
to market participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the solutionThe commission is definitely more responsive
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the solution
is definitely more responsive The commission to market participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the solution
Grand-standing is ignored.
Grand-standing ignored
ignoredGrand-standing
Those who show up with complaints but cannot point to specifics are virtually ignored.
ignoredThose who show up with complaints but cannot point to specifics
Those who show up with complaints but cannot point to specifics ignored
Those who show up and complain, but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls, board meetings, etc. are ignored.
ignoredThose who show up and complain, but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls, board meetings, etc.
Those who show up and complain, but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls, board meetings, etc. ignored
Doug and I met with the Chairman of PUCT and have had subsequent conversations.
Doug and I with the Chairman of PUCT met
with the Chairman of PUCT Doug and I met
Doug and I met with the Chairman of PUCT
Thane and I also visited with him.
visited Thane and I with him
Thane and I with himvisited
with himvisited Thane and I
Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed.
made Pat Wood a phone call to Tom Noel
a phone call to Tom Noel Pat Wood made
a phone call to Tom Noel made Pat Wood
(Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C., this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas, the repercussions could be global.)
this is his legacy
is his legacy this
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the Texas legislature) are also engaged in market developments.
in market developmentsChairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the Texas legislature) engaged
engaged Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the Texas legislature) in market developments
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the Texas legislature) in market developmentsengaged
We have been working with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised.
We with the State Affairs legislative committee working
with the State Affairs legislative committee working We
We working with the State Affairs legislative committee
There is an Electric Restructuring Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7th.
is an Electric Restructuring Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7th
an Electric Restructuring Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7this
The forum is expected to be invited testimony only.
expected The forum
The forum expected
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot's Sam Jones and Tom Noel.
Sam Jones Those currently listed as invitees
Those currently listed as invitees Sam Jones
The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom.
focused The hearing on the pilot
The hearing focused on the pilot
focused on the pilot The hearing
Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor, there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions.
more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questionsis
is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions
Thane is in Austin on Friday, but is available by phone.
in Austin Thane on Friday
on FridayThane in Austin
Thane on Fridayin Austin
I will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m.
at 8:00 a.mon a plane I
on a plane at 8:00 a.mI
at 8:00 a.mI on a plane
Can we find another time that works for us to meet?
find another time that works for us to meetwe
find we another time that works for us to meet
we find another time that works for us to meet
Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00.
I am available after Rick's Friday budget meeting...are you available then?
I am available after Rick's Friday budget meeting
after Rick's Friday budget meetingI am available
am available after Rick's Friday budget meetingI
You are right, we do need a formal plan, Thane has started an initial draft.
You are right
are rightYou
Thanks, Jean
Jean & Thane --
Walking out last night, Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets.
indicated Kevin Presto
Kevin Presto indicated
Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes.
needs Enron
Enron needs
If ERCOT goes the way of California - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood.
be a bad day it
it be a bad day
As important, the new PUCT Commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market.
some help need the new PUCT Commissioners
some help the new PUCT Commissioners need
the new PUCT Commissioners some help need
Let's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference.
's Let
Let's
Jean and Thane, I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation.
I think
think I
I would like to discuss this with you on Friday am.
like I
I like
I am free at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting.
I at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meetingam free
am free I at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting
I am free at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting
FYI.
You may want to discuss with Becky.
want You
You want
As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders.
As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks agowe begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders
work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traderswe begun As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago
As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks agowe work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the Fundamentals intranet site used by the tradersbegun
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information.
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information
a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed informationWe envision
We a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed informationenvision
This would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting.
replace This the paper copies you and your people are currently getting
the paper copies you and your people are currently gettingThis replace
This replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting
Many details remain to be worked out, but we will keep you advised.
Many details remain
remain Many details
In the meantime, could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues?
In the meantimeprovide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issuesyou
a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issuesIn the meantimeprovide you
In the meantimeyou provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues
What do I need to do?
I need
need I
Vince J Kaminski@ECT
04/30/2001 02:28 PM
I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems.
the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systemsforwarding for your attention I
forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systemsI
forwarding for your attention I the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems
Peter is looking currently for a job.
for a jobPeter looking
for a joblooking Peter
Peter for a joblooking
I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston.
at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houstonlast week him I met
I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston
I him last week met at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel.
Enron The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods help
help The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods Enron
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods help Enron
Please, let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization.
let me
me let
I shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview.
I be glad
be glad I
Vince Kaminski
Peter Percell <percell@swbell.net> on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 AM
I enjoyed your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the SIAM Workshop last Friday.
your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the SIAM Workshop last Fridayenjoyed I
I your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the SIAM Workshop last Fridayenjoyed
your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the SIAM Workshop last FridayI enjoyed
I have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products, mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry.
have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products, mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industryI
have I extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products, mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry
I have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products, mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry
I am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills.
for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skillslooking I
I for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skillslooking
looking I for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills
Getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus.
Please consider whether I might fit in your group.
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for.
indicated Your answer to a question
Your answer to a question indicated
Also, please let me know, by email, the names and contact information of other managers within Enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group.
me let
let me
Attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience.
Attached my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience
my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experienceAttached
Publications are available on request.
Publications on requestare available
on requestPublications are available
on requestare available Publications
I will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email.
you in a couple of days I call
in a couple of days you I call
I you call in a couple of days
Thank you for your time.
Thank for your timeyou
for your timeThank you
you Thank for your time
Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive percell@swbell.net Houston, TX 77042-2016 (713) 532-3836 voice & fax
- Percell, Peter Resume Only.doc
- Percell, Peter A&C Exp.doc
Sorry I guess I didn't read it very well.
It's ok with me.
Itwith me's ok
with me's ok It
It's ok with me
Ok.
Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment.
Contact Cindy Stark
Cindy Stark Contact
Nasim H Khan@TRANSREDES
04/30/2001 12:42 PM
Stan:
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year.
in September of this yearI completing my tour of duty in Bolivia
in September of this yearI my tour of duty in Bolivia completing
I completing in September of this yearmy tour of duty in Bolivia
I am talking to a number of people regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston office.
regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston officeI talking to a number of people
regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston officeI to a number of people talking
I to a number of people regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston officetalking
Thought since I will be in Houston, stop by your office for few minutes.
Stanley Horton@ENRON
04/30/2001 12:35 PM
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about?
What is the subject matter you wish to visit about
the subject matter you wish to visit aboutWhat is
Nasim H Khan@TRANSREDES
04/30/2001 09:24 AM
Stan:
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible.
in Houston on May 11th I
I on May 11th in Houston
I in Houston on May 11th
Please let me know what time would work for you.
me let
let me
Regards,
Nasim Khan
I figured this posting belonged to one of you.
figured I
I figured
Please see the message from Danny Jones.
the message from Danny Jonessee
see the message from Danny Jones
Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM
Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM
on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com
Dear Mr. Horton,
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department.
made I
I made
I am currently employed with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild.
employed with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron I
employed I with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron
I employed with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department.
asking I
I asking
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
appreciatedAnything you could do to help further my goals
Anything you could do to help further my goals appreciated
Respectfully,
Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job.
I contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job
of your interest in the jobI contacted the relevant people
the relevant people I of your interest in the jobcontacted
Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM
on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com
Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM
Dear Mr. Horton,
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department.
I made
made I
I am currently employed with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild.
employed with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron I
with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron employed I
employed I with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department.
I asking
asking I
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
appreciatedAnything you could do to help further my goals
Anything you could do to help further my goals appreciated
Respectfully,
Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
This is ok by me.
is ok by meThis
by meThis is ok
This by meis ok
Rick looks like a good candidate.
Rick looks like a good candidate
like a good candidateRick looks
looks like a good candidateRick
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS
05/01/2001 03:48 PM
Executive Committee:
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive Committee meeting on May 7, 2001.
We like
like We
Please forward your comments or questions as soon as possible.
forward your comments or questions
your comments or questions forward
You will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
You find the recommendation letter and his resume
find the recommendation letter and his resumeYou
the recommendation letter and his resumefind You
Regards,
Ken Rice & Kevin Hannon
This is to advise you that we have available, for your business or personal use, Stan's four (4) WNBA Comets tickets.
is This
This is
These seats are in Section 104, Row D, Seats 1-4.
These seats in Section
in Section These seats
Their schedule is listed below.
listed Their schedule
Their schedule listed
Please let me know if you are interested in any of these games.
me let
let me
They will be distributed on a business basis first, then personal use.
distributed on a business basis They
on a business basis They distributed
They distributed on a business basis
Preseason Game A: Saturday, May 12 @ 7:30PM vs. Miami SOL
Preseason Game B: Thursday, May 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Detroit SHOCK
Game 1: Monday, May 28 @ 2:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS
Game 3: Monday, June 11 @ 7:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS
Game 4: Thursday, June 14 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE
Game 5: Sunday, June 17 @ 1:00PM vs. Utah STARZZ
Game 6: Tuesday, June 19 @ 7:30PM vs. Washington MYSTICS
Game 7: Saturday, June 23 @ 3:00PM vs. Sacramento MONARCHS
Game 8: Monday, July 2 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE
Game 9: Friday, July 6 @ 7:30PM vs. Indiana FEVER
Game 10: Sunday, July 8 @ 1:00PM vs. Cleveland ROCKERS
Game 11: Tuesday, July 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Utah STARZZ
Game 12: Saturday, July 28 @ 12:30PM vs. New York LIBERTY
Game 13: Monday, July 30 @ 7:30PM vs. Seattle STORM
Game 14: Friday, August 3 @ 7:30PM vs. Orlando MIRACLE
Game 15: Monday, August 6 @ 7:00PM vs. Phoenix MERCURY
Game 16: Monday, August 13 @ 7:30PM vs. Minnesota LYNX
Please note that date and time are subject to change; please check local listings.
Thanks,
Cindy 713/853-6197
Mailing them to the house iis fine.
It will give us some weekend reading!
some weekend readingIt give us
give some weekend readingIt us
some weekend readinggive us It
Thanks.
Stephen.Dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 PM
on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 PM Stephen.Dyer@bakerbotts.com
Stephen.Dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 PM
Almost done with your drafts.
with your draftsdone
done with your drafts
Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam's first drafts than I had thought (there's a lot going on here, as you'll see soon).
me Took
Took me
I expect to send them out to you sometime tomorrow.
I expect
expect I
Since Debbie is a client too, I think I'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise.
I think
think I
Good news.
Congratulations and good luck.
Hello, Bill!
Stan will attend in person.
in personattend Stan
attend in personStan
Stan in personattend
Billy Dorsey@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
05/02/2001 12:03 PM
Executive Committee Weekly Meeting
Date: Monday, May 7th
Time: 11:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location: 50th Floor Boardroom
Video: Connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved.
Please contact Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcode.
for the weekly dial-in number and passcodeSherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) contact
Sherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and passcodecontact
contact for the weekly dial-in number and passcodeSherri Sera (713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505)
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
Yes, I will attend in person _______
in person attend I
attend in person I
I in person attend
By video conference from _______
By conference call _______
No, I will not attend _______
attend I
I attend
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 4th
with your response this e-mail by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 4th to me return
return this e-mail with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 4th to me
to me this e-mail by 12:00 p.m., Friday, May 4th with your response return
Thank you,
youThank
Thank you
Bill Dorsey.
Thank you for the invitation.
Thank you for the invitation
you for the invitationThank
Thank for the invitationyou
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments.
Tana,
Please review the process below:
review the process below
the process belowreview
With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
EOL With divisionsa new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name request
a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name EOL request With divisions
request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name EOL With divisions
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID.
the company to the Parent we link
the company link to the Parent we
link we to the Parent the company
Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.
Let me
me Let
Thanks,
Sam & Stephanie,
Re: Cargill Ferrous International
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".
is my preference
my preference is
Samuel Schott
03/21/2001 01:58 PM
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
highlighted Any GCP adjustments in red
Any GCP adjustments in redhighlighted
Any GCP adjustments highlighted in red
Attn. GCP_London:
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.
a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK's
's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK
Please respond.
Best Rgds.
Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP
Please see attached.
attachedsee
see attached
Harry -
are you the right lawyer to look at this?
Robert B Cass
04/16/2001 04:52 PM
Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m.
approve in Datamanager after 11:00 p.mthe following product type
in Datamanager the following product type approve after 11:00 p.m
the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.mapprove
See the steps for approval below.
the steps for approval See
See the steps for approval
US Steel Hot Rolled Plate Phy
Website Short Description of Product Type: US HR StlPlt Phy
Product Type:
Reference Period:
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date (or start date) to the Termination Date (or end date).
from the Effective Date The term of the Transaction
The term of the Transaction from the Effective Date
The Effective Date (or start date) is 01 Oct 2001.
The Effective Date (or start date) is 01 Oct
is 01 Oct The Effective Date (or start date)
The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct 2001.
The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct
is 31 Oct The Termination Date (or end date)
Product Additional Information (example):
The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1" and a width of 72 inches.
The Transaction for hot rolled steel
for hot rolled steel The Transaction
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago, Ill Metro Area.
The transaction Marine Terminal
Marine Terminal The transaction
F.O.B. refers to the following terms: Seller is responsible for freight, unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse, Buyer is responsible for storage, loading and freight after delivery.
F.O.B. refers to the following terms
to the following termsF.O.B. refers
to the following termsrefers F.O.B.
The Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline (5% greater or lesser allowance at Seller's option).
The Contract Quantity be quantity
be quantity The Contract Quantity
Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period.
Dispatch PeriodEach calendar month during the term of the Transaction
Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction Dispatch Period
Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period.
guarantee by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period Enron delivery
delivery guarantee by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period Enron
Enron by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period delivery guarantee
Payment shall be made, against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and Conditions, in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is released to Buyer.
madein the Contractual Currency Payment against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and Conditionsby telegraphic transfer
by telegraphic transfer madeagainst the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and ConditionsPayment in the Contractual Currency
in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and ConditionsPayment made
Currency:
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency.
quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual CurrencyThe price
in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual CurrencyThe price quoted
quoted The price in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency
Unit of Measure:
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons (2000 lbs) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month.
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted be net tons
be net tons The unit of measure against which the price is quoted
STEPS FOR APPROVAL:
click the START button
click the START button
the START button click
select PROGRAMS
PROGRAMS select
select PROGRAMS
select TEST APPLICATIONS
select TEST APPLICATIONS
TEST APPLICATIONS select
select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)
ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD) select
select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)
PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD
PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD
WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD PROCEED
click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button
click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button
the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button click
select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager)
select EnronOnLine
EnronOnLine select
PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD
PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD
WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD PROCEED
click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click for EnronOnLine on the "+"
for EnronOnLine on the "+" click
click on the "+" for Product Types
click on the "+" for Product Types
click for Product Types on the "+"
on the "+" click for Product Types
click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR "Partially Approved")
on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR "Partially Approved") click
click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR "Partially Approved")
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above
select the product requiring review
the product requiring review select
Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up
click mouseon "properties"
click on "properties" mouse
on "properties" click mouse
TO APPROVE: Right mouse click on "Approved"
click mouse on "Approved"
on "Approved" click mouse
mouse click on "Approved"
Thanks Bill - appreciate your help!
Bill D Hare
04/16/2001 05:51 PM
We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include, "a division of Cargill Incorporated".
informed We Tana
Tana We informed
Tana informed We
We will meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in Global Counterparty.
meet in the near future We
in the near future meet We
in the near future We meet
Bill -
If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me like something needs to be changed.
to me looks it
to me it looks
looks it to me
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty.
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty
The difficulty in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterpartylies
lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global CounterpartyThe difficulty
Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names.
have they the power to contract in their own names
they the power to contract in their own nameshave
have the power to contract in their own namesthey
If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself.
goes with the wrong legal name on it the confirmation
with the wrong legal name on it goes the confirmation
with the wrong legal name on it the confirmation goes
That is the source of Tana's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system.
is the source That
That is the source
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed.
My suggestion is
is My suggestion
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining.
are understandably upset In this particular case they
they In this particular case are understandably upset
In this particular case are understandably upset they
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure, please let me know.
appreciate I
I appreciate
Tana Jones
04/16/2001 03:11 PM
Samuel Schott
03/28/2001 01:09 PM
FYI...
Cargill Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty System as a Division of Cargill, Inc.
in the Global Counterparty System setup as a Division of Cargill, IncCargill Ferrous International
setup as a Division of Cargill, IncCargill Ferrous International in the Global Counterparty System
as a Division of Cargill, Incsetup in the Global Counterparty System Cargill Ferrous International
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and setup as such in GCP with a Sub-to-Legal Link to Cargill, Inc. per GCP procedure.
is the full name Cargill Ferrous International
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name
Also, the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) would need Legal Name Change documentation from the Counterparty in order to change this name.
need Legal Name Change documentation the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) from the Counterparty
Legal Name Change documentation the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) from the Counterparty need
Legal Name Change documentation from the Counterparty the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) need
Best Rgds.
Samuel x3-9890 (GCP) Enron Net Works _ Global Data Management
Any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name?
Hello,
Yes, GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
the links GCP provides
the links provides GCP
provides GCP the links
GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that reflect either the Tradename / Division name or Parent Name -- not reflect both simultaneously.
is GCP procedure
GCP procedure is
(Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.)
that rule we broken for Legal in the past
broken for Legal we that rule in the past
for Legal broken in the pastthat rule we
This defeats the purpose of using a Tradename.
defeats the purpose of using a TradenameThis
the purpose of using a Tradenamedefeats This
the purpose of using a TradenameThis defeats
Best Rgds.
Tana,
Please review the process below:
review the process below
the process belowreview
With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name With divisionsrequest EOL
a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name With divisionsEOL request
With divisionsrequest a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name EOL
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID.
we to the Parent the company link
link we to the Parent the company
the company link we to the Parent
Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.
me Let
Let me
Thanks,
Sam & Stephanie,
Re: Cargill Ferrous International
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
Stephanie, I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division".
my preference is
is my preference
Samuel Schott
03/21/2001 01:58 PM
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red.
in redAny GCP adjustments highlighted
highlighted in redAny GCP adjustments
in redhighlighted Any GCP adjustments
Attn. GCP_London:
There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK.
's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK
a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK's
Please respond.
Best Rgds.
Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP
Please see attached.
attachedsee
see attached
Doc -
I'll be in town through Sunday morning.
in town through Sunday morningI
through Sunday morningIin town
Ithrough Sunday morningin town
Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve.?
I'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning.
handling Ithe afternoon
Ihandling the afternoon
handling the afternoon I
Can you cover for me today?
cover for me todayyou
cover todayyou for me
todaycover you for me
I am in mediation.
in mediationI
I in mediation
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher, as well, just to make sure it is handled.
I a voicemail for Sharon Butcherleft
a voicemail I for Sharon Butcherleft
a voicemail left for Sharon ButcherI
My schedule shows an afternoon session.
an afternoon sessionMy schedule shows
My schedule an afternoon sessionshows
My schedule shows an afternoon session
Do we have 2 sessions today?
have we 2 sessions today
have we today2 sessions
2 sessions have we today
If so, you may want to split and cover.
you want
want you
Thanks a ton.
I will take you next one in August.
take in Augustnext one you I
take I you in Augustnext one
in Augusttake you I next one
Thanks,
Kriste K. Sullivan Enron Corp. - Legal EB 4861 (713) 853-7557 Phone (713) 646-5847 Fax
I got this.
I got this
thisI got
got I this
I assume this is 12:30 Central Time?
assume I
I assume
When: Wednesday, September 19, 2001 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada); Tijuana.
Where: Conf. Call
10:30-11:30 PST
Call-in #: 800/711-8000
Passcode: 4153030
Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement.
Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement
the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment AgreementHere is
What do you think?
thinkWhat you
What thinkyou
you thinkWhat
Michelle, please comment.
commentMichelle
Michellecomment
Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written.
an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's writtensend me
me send an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written
an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's writtenme send
After that, what do we do?
what we doAfter that
what we After thatdo
what doAfter thatwe
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench.
in writing After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I disclose my intentions in respect to Dealbench
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov my intentions in respect to Dealbenchdisclose I in writing
I After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbenchdisclose
Please see attached Word file
attached Word file see
see attached Word file
Best regards
Tobias Munk
Please see the attached.
the attachedsee
see the attached
Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter (use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete).
David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter (use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete)send
send copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter (use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete)David Lund
copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter (use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete)David Lund send
We're formatting one this week, and we'll send it when it's done.
one Wethis weekformatting
Weone formatting this week
this weekone Weformatting
Thanks very much.
Do you also have a SSD we can use?
a SSD we can usehave you
have you a SSD we can use
you have a SSD we can use
<< File: 220b - dg - Agreement for Recruiting Services.doc >> << File: 220a DG - Agreement for Contract Services.DOC >>
Here are the sample Agreements.
Here are the sample Agreements
the sample AgreementsHere are
Please let us know if you need anything else.
let us
us let
Thanks.
Diane Goode Senior Specialist
I agree also, but I don't know all the parties or complications involved.
I agree
agree I
Should there be a (groan) meeting on this?
be a (groan) meeting on this
a (groan) meeting on thisbe
Can you please help with this one?
with this onehelp you
you with this onehelp
you help with this one
I agree with what the concern is below.
I agree
agree I
We have GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id).
have We GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id)
GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id)have We
We have GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id)
I think we should try to migrate to one of these.
I think
think I
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer.
me let
let me
Thanks.
Kathy,
Per my voicemail message, please review the note below.
Per my voicemail messagethe note belowreview
review the note belowPer my voicemail message
the note belowPer my voicemail messagereview
I'd like to work with you on a response to this customer.
Ilike
like I
Thanks,
Brandee Sanborn I.S.C. Customer Care Design & Process Support http://isc.enron.com/site
<< OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>
Ngoc Luan Do@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
08/07/2001 12:36 PM
To Whom It May Concern:
Whom ConcernIt
It Whom Concern
ConcernWhom It
Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information.
about identity fraud using stolen social security informationI hear Through TV and newspapers
Through TV and newspapers I about identity fraud using stolen social security informationhear
hear Through TV and newspapers I about identity fraud using stolen social security information
I am very concerned about this issue.
about this issueI am very concerned
I about this issueam very concerned
am very concerned about this issueI
I have the following suggestion for our company.
have I the following suggestion for our company
the following suggestion for our companyhave I
the following suggestion for our companyI have
Since Enron's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers (P number) and an HR number, could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers?
these IDs Enron as a company instead of the SS numbersuse
instead of the SS numbersEnron as a company use these IDs
use Enron as a company instead of the SS numbersthese IDs
This will be safer for all employees.
This for all employeesbe safer
be safer This for all employees
This be safer for all employees
For example, I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number.
For exampleI am concerned
I am concerned For example
am concerned I For example
I do not feel secure at all to see my SS in so many databases at Enron, especially when some databases are from third-parties (out-sourcing).
at all feel I
feel at all I
I at all feel
We could use our badge number there instead of our SS.
We our badge number use instead of our SS
instead of our SSWe our badge number use
We use our badge number instead of our SS
Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number.
let me
me let
Please calendar and print for my files on this meeting.
Thanks.
All,
A reminder that the HR Associate Points Meeting will take place as below:
Thursday, 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm (EB46C1).
The Leads who are responsible for Associates are as follows:
are The Leads who are responsible for Associates
The Leads who are responsible for Associates are
Sunjay Arya
Gary Buck
Khymberly Booth
Ryan Seleznov
Mecole Brown
Tim O'Rourke
Tana Cashion
Sheila Walton
Wendy Fincher
Sheila Knudsen
Karen Phillips
Neil Davies
Noel Ryan
Cindy Skinner
Simone Scott Walker
Shanna Funkhouser
Peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above.
gathered Peer reviews on the above
on the abovePeer reviews gathered
on the abovegathered Peer reviews
Upon receipt, I shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate.
for your respective associateforward I a copy of the reviews to each of you Upon receipt
a copy of the reviews to each of you forward I Upon receiptfor your respective associate
I a copy of the reviews Upon receiptfor your respective associateto each of you forward
In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation.
you contacting they In addition
they In addition contacting you
contacting they In addition you
Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points (a max of 150) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period.
at the meeting Those who are not assigned an associate based on contribution to your areas for the first review periodallocate points (a max of 150)
based on contribution to your areas for the first review periodat the meeting points (a max of 150) Those who are not assigned an associate allocate
Those who are not assigned an associate allocate based on contribution to your areas for the first review periodpoints (a max of 150) at the meeting
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know.
let me
me let
Kind regards,
Karen. x54667
Shanna, I spoke with Per tonight about this.
with Per tonight about thisI spoke
tonight with Per I spoke about this
tonight about thiswith Per I spoke
Let's talk tomorrow.
's Let
Let's
Thanks.
This is the background to my conversation with Shanna.
is the background This
This is the background
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow.
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow
have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrowI
a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrowI have
Thanks for following up on this.
Per -
I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher.
hear from Shanna or Sharon ButcherI
hear I from Shanna or Sharon Butcher
I hear from Shanna or Sharon Butcher
Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow?
Shanna ask you
ask Shanna you
Shanna you ask
John, Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions.
discussed the hostile environment issue John, Per and I
John, Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue
John, Per and I the hostile environment issue discussed
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur.
am vacation I until the 22nd
until the 22nd I am vacation
I until the 22nd am vacation
Thank you
Thank you
you Thank
Let's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality, etc.
's Let
Let's
Thanks.
Hi Ya'll,
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request.
I wanted
wanted I
Let me know if you have any questions.
me Let
Let me
Regards,
Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on: Enron's Affirmative Action Policy and plans; as well as demographic analysis of workforce (gender, age, ethnic origin, nationality)
Kathy McMahon suggested
suggested Kathy McMahon
Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School (HBS) on a 5-year case study called 'Modern Giants'.
agreed Jeff Skilling
Jeff Skilling agreed
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period.
over the next five years HBS shadow Enron and a number of other companies
HBS Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years shadow
shadow over the next five years HBS Enron and a number of other companies
Please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me.
let me
me let
Regards,
please print all these for me.
for meall these print
all these print for me
print for meall these
Thanks.
Ryan,
Try this.
thisTry
Try this
bob k
FYI re: NEPCO picketing issues.
re: NEPCO picketing issuesFYI
FYI re: NEPCO picketing issues
Michelle,
Two in one day.
We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the Lake Worth, Florida project as well.
We understand
understand We
Our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work.
Our execution team needs
needs Our execution team
In that respect, we need to dial in Rick Johnson and Olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team.
In that respectwe need
we In that respectneed
need In that respectwe
I think the first step is a call between yourself, me, Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero.
think I
I think
And then another call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite to lay out the plan.
Barbara, please organize a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and me.
a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and meBarbaraorganize
Barbaraa call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and meorganize
Barbaraorganize a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark Stubley and me
Thanks.
David,
I have been advised by our Construction Manager, Mr. Joe Osler that while he was visiting the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site.
by our Construction Manager, Mr. Joe Osler advised I
advised I by our Construction Manager, Mr. Joe Osler
I by our Construction Manager, Mr. Joe Osler advised
Apparently the City informed them that no permit is required.
them the City informed
the City them informed
informed the City them
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today.
heard I
I heard
We will need local legal counsel to assist us in this regard.
local legal counsel need We
We need local legal counsel
We local legal counsel need
Mike Indivero, I understand that Mr. Mike Croall's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31, 2001.
I understand
understand I
Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date.
Thanks,
Galen J. Torneby Project Manager National Energy Production Corporation (NEPCO) 11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell, WA 98011 USA Tel: 425-415-3052 Cell: 425-922-0475 Fax: 425-415-3098 email: <mailto:galent@nepco.com> mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
Rick Hopkinson@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
09/16/99 10:07 AM
Sara, trading is still not settled.
is still not settledtrading
trading is still not settled
Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call.
you for the invitaion to the conference callThank
Thank for the invitaion to the conference callyou
Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call
I would like both Lynn and I to participate.
both Lynn and I I like
I both Lynn and I like
both Lynn and I like I
I assume we should come over EB.
I assume
assume I
Can you tell us where.
us you tell
tell us you
us tell you
,Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call.
us want you
want you us
want us you
Sara Shackleton@ECT
09/16/99 08:55 AM
Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries?
you decided
decided you
I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil.
a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in BrazilI have
have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in BrazilI
I a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazilhave
Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers.
a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answersAttached
Attached a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers
If you would like to participate in person or by conference, please let me know.
let me
me let
I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24.
from Sept 20-22 I Sao Paulo
from Sept 20-22 Sao Paulo I
I Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22
In Brazil, I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers.
In BrazilI meeting with Tozzini lawyers
In Brazilmeeting with Tozzini lawyersI
I with Tozzini lawyersmeeting In Brazil
In BA, I'll be meeting with Marval lawyers.
with Marval lawyersIn BAmeeting I
meeting In BAwith Marval lawyersI
In BAwith Marval lawyersmeeting I
Let me know if you would like to participate in any way.
Let me
me Let
please try to verify.
Thanks.
Sara Shackleton
09/16/99 10:16 AM
How about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) time?
How about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) time
about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) timeHow
Please advise.
NOTICE: This message is confidential.
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone.
by reply us let
us let by reply
by reply let us
Thank you.
youThank
Thank you
- Em-enro2.doc
The call was cancelled.
cancelledThe call
The call cancelled
I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday morning.
waiting I
I waiting
Andrea Bertone@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
09/15/99 04:41 PM
Yes.
If something happens that I'm not able to participate I'll let you know.
let Iyou
let you I
Ilet you
Thanks.
Sara Shackleton@ECT
09/15/99 08:15 PM
This call has been changed to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time).
This call to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time)changed
changed This call to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time)
to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time)changed This call
Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in.
me let
let me
The draft you received has been approved by Dan.
approved by DanThe draft you received
The draft you received by Danapproved
by DanThe draft you received approved
If you would like this executed, please let me know.
me let
let me
Daniel R Castagnola@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
05/17/99 01:47 PM
Sara:
Looks good.
Sara Shackleton@ECT
05/17/99 11:23 AM
Dan: please see if the attached draft works.
see Dan
Dansee
My extension is 35620.
is 35620My extension
My extension is 35620
As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday, could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments?
a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachmentssomeone develop As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday
develop As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterdaya comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachmentssomeone
a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachmentsAs a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterdaysomeone develop
If you think any other pertinent information could be included, please feel free to add it.
Thanks.
I e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response.
e-mailed your assistant I earlier this morning
your assistant I earlier this morning e-mailed
earlier this morning your assistant I e-mailed
Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17?
for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17we the phone call reschedule
for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17we reschedule the phone call
we for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17reschedule the phone call
Please advise.
The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo).
rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo)The conference call
The conference call for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo)rescheduled
rescheduled The conference call for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo)
I will initiate the call.
the callI initiate
I initiate the call
I the callinitiate
If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person, please let me know.
let me
me let
Thanks.
I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading.
forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products tradingI
to you I forwarding guidelines prepared for global products trading
to you forwarding guidelines prepared for global products tradingI
It's a good starting point.
starting pointIt
Itstarting point
I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading.
working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial tradingI
I working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading
on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial tradingworking I
Other "guidelines" exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia.
for the remote offices in Singapore and Australiaexist in limited form Other "guidelines"
for the remote offices in Singapore and Australiain limited form exist Other "guidelines"
exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and AustraliaOther "guidelines"
I am checking on London.
checking I on London
checking on LondonI
I on Londonchecking
I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for.
Ias to what you are looking for'm not exactly certain
as to what you are looking forI'm not exactly certain
I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for
Obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US (although LA. is about as close as you can get to a third world country).
have the foreign offices issues that may not apply in the US
the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US
issues that may not apply in the US have the foreign offices
One thing that doesn't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue.
Let me know how I can help further.
Let me
me Let
Janice Moore
09/03/99 01:57 PM
Here it is -- we printed this 2-sided and laminated it.
Becky will bring you the hard copy version.
bring you Becky the hard copy version
you the hard copy versionbring Becky
bring Becky the hard copy versionyou
Lunch date later.
see below.
It looks like the 2-day L/C issue is an issue.
looks It
It looks
I'll call you shortly.
call you I
you Icall
Iyou call
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original.
me Joseph Manogue at Tiger last night called
me last night called Joseph Manogue at Tiger
last night me Joseph Manogue at Tiger called
He faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight.
to you faxed it He
faxed it to you He
He it faxed to you
Hope you'll have time to review it today.
S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording.
asked S&S about the gtee and l/c wording
S&S asked about the gtee and l/c wording
about the gtee and l/c wordingasked S&S
They do not have anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changes.
anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changesThey have
anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changeshave They
They anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changeshave
Joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed (I believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5) and the new l/c wording (drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay).
asked Joe
Joe asked
I know we talked about these issues earlier, but Tiger's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing, even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c.
know I
I know
Thanks!
Call if you have questions or if I can be of any help.
There is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week.
is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week
an outside chance we could have everything set to go this weekis
With best regards,
Hi back!
and Happy New Year too!
To what do I owe this small pleasure?
To what owe I this small pleasure
owe this small pleasureTo what I
I To what owe this small pleasure
I'm fine in Texas, still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe, working hard, etc.
'm fine in TexasI
in TexasI'm fine
in Texas'm fine I
Where are you living these days?
these daysliving you
you these daysliving
living these daysyou
N.O.? Atlanta?
Memphis?
Eleuthra?
St. Petersburg?
Amelia Island Plantation?
I've simply lost track!
tracklost I
trackIlost
Itracklost
As for me, well, I lead the simple life, own a little house in West University, own a little car (I had to buy a new one recently - the 14-year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit), you know, the usual.
the simple lifeAs for melead I
the simple lifelead As for meI
I lead As for methe simple life
Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast?
burgers you up and down the east coastselling
selling you up and down the east coastburgers
up and down the east coastyou selling burgers
Have you gone international?
you gone
gone you
In a new franchise business?
How's your family?
your familyHow's
How's your family
Got to get back to work!
This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business.
This weekend Ion businessSao Paulo
Sao Paulo IThis weekend on business
Ion businessThis weekend Sao Paulo
SamChawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM
SamChawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM
on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM SamChawk@aol.com
Sara-
Happy New Year, stranger!
Hope all is well.
Do you miss me?
meyou miss
you miss me
memiss you
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders.
Mark Elliott tells me
tells me Mark Elliott
Mark Elliott me tells
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina) and thought your expertise would be very helpful.
I trying
trying I
Could you send me a set?
me a setsend you
send you a setme
send a setme you
I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.
Ifor Sao Paulo on Saturday leaving
on Saturday Ifor Sao Paulo leaving
on Saturday Ileaving for Sao Paulo
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for your help
Thank for your helpyou
for your helpyou Thank
Regards.
(if .....) (iii) definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [the project to be owned by Party B], including but not limited to the senior debt facility, commitments and all project documents, have been fully negotiated and executed and the [project] has been brought to financial close.
definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [the project to be owned by Party B], including but not limited to the senior debt facility, commitments and all project documentsnegotiated
negotiated definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [the project to be owned by Party B], including but not limited to the senior debt facility, commitments and all project documents
Robert Quick
09/17/99 04:50 AM
Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power.
the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic powerhere are
here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power
I assume you need both gas and power.
I assume
assume I
These are to some extent country or market specific.
As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston, I am copying this to Mark, Alan and Jeff.
I to Mark, Alan and Jeffcopying this
copying this to Mark, Alan and JeffI
to Mark, Alan and Jeffcopying I this
Sara Shackleton
09/16/99 09:48 PM
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders.
tells me Mark Elliott
me Mark Elliott tells
tells Mark Elliott me
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina) and thought your expertise would be very helpful.
I trying
trying I
Could you send me a set?
me a setyou send
you a setsend me
a setsend me you
I'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.
for Sao Paulo on Saturday Ileaving
Ifor Sao Paulo on Saturday leaving
on Saturday for Sao Paulo Ileaving
Thank you for your help.
you Thank for your help
you for your helpThank
Thank you for your help
Regards.
Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in Brazil.
the attached memo review
review the attached memo
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday, September 20, 1999.
on Monday, September 20, 1999Sao Paulo I
Sao Paulo I on Monday, September 20, 1999
I Sao Paulo on Monday, September 20, 1999
Thank you,
Thank you
youThank
JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com>
12/22/2000 06:28 PM
Parties, attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28.
the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28attached
attached the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28
The ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible.
posted on the web site The ruling
on the web site posted The ruling
The ruling on the web site posted
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays.
for your patience you Thank
Thank you for your patience
Thank for your patience you
--Angela Minkin Administrative Law Judge
<<1%P701!.doc>>
Note that this communication is confidential, covered by CA's settlement rules.
"Lindh, Frank (Law)" <FRL3@pge.com>
12/21/2000 07:50 PM
Confidential Settlement Document Per CPUC Rule 51
Gas Accord II Settlement Participants:
Attached is PG&E's Gas Accord II (GA II) Settlement Proposal.
PG&E's Gas Accord II (GA II) Settlement ProposalAttached
Attached PG&E's Gas Accord II (GA II) Settlement Proposal
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops.
believe We
We believe
As an overview, this proposal: * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007. *
As an overviewMaintains for the period 2003 to 2007this proposalthe basic Gas Accord structure in place today
for the period 2003 to 2007Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today As an overviewthis proposal
Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today As an overviewfor the period 2003 to 2007this proposal
* Offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today. *
Offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today
end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect todayOffers
* Provides for vintaged Redwood path rates for core customers. *
Provides for vintaged Redwood path rates for core customers
for vintaged Redwood path rates for core customersProvides
* Offers a 7.5 cent/dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers, minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC-approved charges. *
Offers to large customers a 7.5 cent/dth rate
to large customers a 7.5 cent/dth rate Offers
a 7.5 cent/dth rate to large customers Offers
* Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets, and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period (2003-2007). *
Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets
guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity marketsAdopts
* Provides a high degree of rate stability, with a 3.5% escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects.
with a 3.5% escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projectsa high degree of rate stabilityProvides
a high degree of rate stabilityProvides with a 3.5% escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects
a high degree of rate stabilitywith a 3.5% escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projectsProvides
The guaranteed rates will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic events. *
be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic eventsThe guaranteed rates
only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic eventsbe adjustable The guaranteed rates
The guaranteed rates only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic eventsbe adjustable
* Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths, although somewhat less than the current differential. *
a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja pathsPreserves
Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths
* Proposes a two-stage open season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003, with end users receiving a first option on available capacity. *
Proposes a two-stage open season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003, with end users receiving a first option on available capacity
a two-stage open season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003, with end users receiving a first option on available capacityProposes
* Maintains the core aggregation program with some adjustments.
Maintains the core aggregation program with some adjustments
the core aggregation program with some adjustmentsMaintains
PG&E also anticipates that the Core Procurement Incentive Mechanism (CPIM) will be similar to today's mechanism, but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1-day in 10-year cold weather event.
anticipates PG&E
PG&E anticipates
This also will serve as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11, to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questions.
This as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11, to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questionsserve
as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11, to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questionsserve This
serve as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11, to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questionsThis
We look forward to answering your questions and receiving your feedback.
look We
We look
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal, an Attachment (a copy of PG&E's proposed Gas Rule 27), and a set of supporting workpapers.
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal, an Attachment (a copy of PG&E's proposed Gas Rule 27), and a set of supporting workpapers
include The attached documents the GA II Settlement proposal, an Attachment (a copy of PG&E's proposed Gas Rule 27), and a set of supporting workpapers
the GA II Settlement proposal, an Attachment (a copy of PG&E's proposed Gas Rule 27), and a set of supporting workpapersThe attached documents include
Finally, please note that the Settlement document and the Attachment are in "Word 2000" format.
We would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of Word, upon request by individual Parties.
be glad We
We be glad
We look forward to seeing you on January 10-11.
look We
We look
In the meantime, we extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season.
extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday seasonIn the meantimewe
we our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday seasonIn the meantimeextend
In the meantimewe extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season
Frank Lindh Ray Williams (415) 973-2776 (415) 973-3634
<<PG&E Gas Accord II Settlement Proposal 12-20-00.doc>> <<Proposed Gas Rule 27.doc>> <<COS & Rates Workpapers for GA II 12-20-2000 Proposal.xls>>
Greetings Judge Minkin:
This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th.
This is
is This
Thank you.
youThank
Thank you
Sincerely,
Jeffrey Dasovich Director, Enron Corp
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.
Attached a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings
a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearingsAttached
Few points:
Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes.
is likely Our time
Our time is likely
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
make Mike Day, our outside counselthe presentation on our behalf
on our behalfmake the presentation Mike Day, our outside counsel
make the presentation on our behalfMike Day, our outside counsel
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
fleshing out Mike Day the legal details of our presentation
Mike Day the legal details of our presentation fleshing out
the legal details of our presentation fleshing out Mike Day
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317).
via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317)Comments forwarded to me
Comments forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317)
forwarded via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317)to me Comments
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST).
finalize We the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST)
We finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST)
We the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST)finalize
The call in number is 800.713.8600.
is 800.713.8600The call in number
The call in number is 800.713.8600
Code is 80435.
is 80435Code
Code is 80435
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).
tomorrow begin The Commission's hearings at 10 AM (PST)
at 10 AM (PST)tomorrow The Commission's hearings begin
begin tomorrow The Commission's hearings at 10 AM (PST)
Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
by: Jeff Dasovich Sent
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich
12/26/2000 03:15 PM
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings.
Attached a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings
a draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearingsAttached
Few points:
Our time is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes.
Our time is likely
is likely Our time
Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
Mike Day, our outside counselmake the presentation on our behalf
the presentation Mike Day, our outside counselon our behalfmake
make the presentation Mike Day, our outside counselon our behalf
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
fleshing out Mike Day the legal details of our presentation
the legal details of our presentation Mike Day fleshing out
Mike Day the legal details of our presentation fleshing out
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317).
to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317)forwarded Comments
to me forwarded via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317)Comments
via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail (415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317)Comments forwarded to me
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST).
We the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST)finalize
the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST)finalize We
We finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST)
The call in number is 800.713.8600.
is 800.713.8600The call in number
The call in number is 800.713.8600
Code is 80435.
is 80435Code
Code is 80435
The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST).
The Commission's hearings at 10 AM (PST)tomorrow begin
tomorrow at 10 AM (PST)begin The Commission's hearings
begin at 10 AM (PST)tomorrow The Commission's hearings
Nice job.
Going to be a wild ride.
That's a very good point.
's a very good pointThat
That's a very good point
I'll make the change.
Ithe changemake
make the changeI
the changeImake
Best,
Harry Kingerski
12/26/2000 03:33 PM
Jeff -
instead of suggesting a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 %, I think we should acknowledge that a "modest" increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings, not just determined by whim.
think I
I think
In general, we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that.
In generalbe overly prescriptive we at this point
we In generalbe overly prescriptive at this point
we In generalat this point be overly prescriptive
Otherwise, I think you have captured the points excellently.
I think
think I
We're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months.
in the process We
Wein the process
But while the (otherwise perishable) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday, I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days/weeks ahead.
I wanted
wanted I
OBSERVATION--The pressure to finger somebody for "price gouging" is increasing.
The administration is hell bent on finding a "fall guy."
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out.
for Davis real political risks pose The price spikes
pose for Davis real political risks The price spikes
real political risks for Davis The price spikes pose
His press release following the hearing renewed the call for "refunds."
renewed the call for "refundsHis press release following the hearing
the call for "refundsHis press release following the hearing renewed
the call for "refundsrenewed His press release following the hearing
On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers.
On my panelLoretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke
On my panelReliant and Duke asked Loretta Lynch
asked Reliant and Duke Loretta Lynch On my panel
And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme.
were extremeCarl Wood's remarks
Carl Wood's remarks were extreme
At the Barton hearing, a liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative Republican (Hunter) locked arms in calling for refunds.
At the Barton hearingarms locked a liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative Republican (Hunter)
arms locked a liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative Republican (Hunter) At the Barton hearing
At the Barton hearinglocked arms a liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative Republican (Hunter)
Bilbray joined the "gouging" band wagon.
Bilbray the "gouging" band wagonjoined
joined the "gouging" band wagonBilbray
the "gouging" band wagonjoined Bilbray
The utilities repeatedly called on FERC to do a "real" investigation, with hearings, testimony, data discovery---the works.
called The utilities on FERC
The utilities called on FERC
on FERC The utilities called
On the positive side, the FERC commissioners lauded Wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panel.
the FERC commissioners On the positive sideWolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panellauded
lauded Wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panelOn the positive sidethe FERC commissioners
lauded the FERC commissioners Wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panelOn the positive side
Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit.
said Wolak
Wolak said
He also stated that just everyone's just acting in their own self-interest, responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure.
stated He
He stated
IMPLICATION--It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered.
In the best case, the clamoring for a "refund" subsides.
subsidesIn the best casethe clamoring for a "refund
the clamoring for a "refundIn the best casesubsides
In the best casesubsidesthe clamoring for a "refund
In which case, the only cost to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting fingered.
In which casethe only cost to Enron is the internal cost
the only cost to Enron In which caseis the internal cost
is the internal cost In which casethe only cost to Enron
In the medium case, investigations find that Enron (like others) "played by the rules," but the rules stunk, and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers.
find In the medium caseinvestigations
find investigations In the medium case
In the medium casefind investigations
You're right, Sue.
You're right
're rightYou
Rates can't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion---trying to finesse it.
Thanks very much for the comments.
Harry also had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned and based on facts and evidence.
a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned and based on facts and evidencehad Harry
had Harry a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned and based on facts and evidence
had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well-reasoned and based on facts and evidenceHarry
Will make that change.
that changemake
make that change
Shawna Johnson@ENRON
02/22/2001 04:37 PM
This is a request for your interview participation.
This is a request
is a request This
The Associate and Analyst Programs will be on the Penn, undergraduate campus interviewing summer Analyst interns next week.
Penn, undergraduate campus next weekThe Associate and Analyst Programs
next weekThe Associate and Analyst Programs Penn, undergraduate campus
Penn, undergraduate campus The Associate and Analyst Programs next week
Due to business reasons, previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had to cancel their participation.
Due to business reasonspreviously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team had
previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team Due to business reasonshad
had Due to business reasonspreviously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team
Currently, I need three interviewers for Thursday, March 1st and one interviewer for Friday, March 2nd.
I three interviewers for Thursday, March 1st and one interviewer for Friday, March 2ndneed
three interviewers for Thursday, March 1st and one interviewer for Friday, March 2ndneed I
three interviewers for Thursday, March 1st and one interviewer for Friday, March 2ndI need
Please let me know of your availability.
let me
me let
Campus interviews are scheduled as follows:
scheduled Campus interviews
Campus interviews scheduled
Place: University of Pennsylvania
Date: Thursday, March 1st Friday, March 2nd
Day One Interviews Day Two Interviews
Where: On Campus Inn at Pen
Time: 8:00 - 5:00 8:00 - 5:00
Interviewers: Kevin McGowan- confirmed
Jen Fraser- confirmed
Margaret Rhee- confirmed
Chris Hilgert- confirmed
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate, any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated.
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participateany referrals at the Director or VP level appreciated
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participateappreciatedany referrals at the Director or VP level
appreciatedany referrals at the Director or VP level In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and cannot participate
As always, thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions.
As alwaysthank for your time you
you for your time thank As always
for your time thank As alwaysyou
Shawna Johnson Recruiting Coordinator
Sorry about that before.
about that Sorry
Sorry about that
I'll not say anything.
say Ianything
Ianythingsay
Isay anything
"Scott A. Kushnick" <skush@swbell.net>
01/26/2001 12:48 PM
Please don't mention my NY trip to anyone.
to anyonemention my NY trip
mention my NY trip to anyone
to anyonemy NY trip mention
Keep in touch.
in touchKeep
Keep in touch
thanks for the update.
have you gotten a price?
you gotten a price
a pricegotten you
a priceyou gotten
Doug Leach
01/25/2001 09:40 AM
Tom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling projects.
Tom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling projectsworking
working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling projectsTom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA
with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling projectsworking Tom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA
This financing activity was primarily started to help ENA secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities.
started This financing activity
This financing activity started
Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects.
more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projectsfind they Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP program
more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projectsfind Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP program they
they Just like what happened in Enron's initial VPP program more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projectsfind
They are currently working on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy (operator), Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 and #582.
They working on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy (operator), Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 and #582
on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy (operator), Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 and #582They working
on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy (operator), Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 and #582working They
The initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1Q 2003.
estimate reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude The initial reservoir reports
reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude estimate The initial reservoir reports
The initial reservoir reports reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude estimate
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25-27 API Gravity and 1.5-2.0% sulfur.
estimated Quality
Quality estimated
Plans are to build a private pipeline to Equilon's West Delta #143 platform and then bring the oil onshore.
are Plans
Plans are
Peggy is finding out where WD #143 pumps to onshore.
finding out Peggy
Peggy finding out
Tom's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis.
Tom's group like
like Tom's group
The floating could be tied to a Platt's index or the NYMEX.
to a Platt's index or the NYMEXThe floating tied
The floating tied to a Platt's index or the NYMEX
tied The floating to a Platt's index or the NYMEX
It is far too early to expect Murphy to enter into a physical or financial contract, but Tom hopes to get us first and/or last look from Murphy when the time is right.
is far too early It
It is far too early
Another alternative is to give Murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd Meraux, Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels.
Another alternative is
is Another alternative
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003?
a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003me someone in your group give
someone in your group me give a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003
a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003give me someone in your group
please print
Amanda Huble@ENRON
01/24/2001 01:02 PM
Please address, and I'll check with Legal as well.
We typically only book deals when everything is signed off.
deals We book
book deals We
We book deals
David Hoog
01/26/2001 09:37 AM
following up on our discussion yesterday; for these types of deals, i dont think its necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty's authorization to enter into the agreement.
i think for these types of deals
think for these types of dealsi
for these types of dealsi think
these are short term transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements.
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract.
for the scenario the primary reason we need these things
the primary reason we need these things for the scenario
in our case, they are only hedging.
they in our casehedging
hedgingin our casethey
hedgingthey in our case
we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front.
up front a premium we collecting
a premium up front collecting we
collecting up front we a premium
therefore they will not attempt to make this claim.
they attempt
attempt they
even if they did, our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout.
to the premium , not some big payoutour risk limited
to the premium , not some big payoutlimited our risk
our risk to the premium , not some big payoutlimited
the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back.
the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back
than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium backis far greater the risk of losing business
is far greater than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium backthe risk of losing business
seems like a 5 second decision to me.
like a 5 second decision to meseems
to meseems like a 5 second decision
like a 5 second decision seems to me
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form?
by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1-way.
these requirements we eliminate
we these requirements eliminate
these requirements eliminate we
please print
01/26/2001 11:57 AM
Dear Mr. Shankman,
Thank you very much for your quick reply.
you Thank for your quick reply
for your quick replyyou Thank
Thank for your quick replyyou
Attached is my resume.
Attached my resume
my resumeAttached
I highlight the relevant skills in the summary.
in the summaryI the relevant skills highlight
in the summaryhighlight the relevant skills I
I the relevant skills highlight in the summary
The position is with the EES MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM, ENRON ENERGY SERVICES.
EAST department The position
The position EAST department
It was posted on Dec. 11, but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet, it is open.
posted on Dec. 11It
posted It on Dec. 11
It on Dec. 11posted
Look forward to hearing your comments / suggestions.
Regards,
- ENRONR~1.DOC
Yikes!
That girl's mother sounds like a real problem.
sounds That girl's mother like a real problem
like a real problemsounds That girl's mother
That girl's mother sounds like a real problem
I'm not sure how I would have handled it.
I'm not sure
'm not sure I
How's school going?
school going
goingschool
Any plans for the weekend?
Alma Martinez@ENRON
01/26/2001 11:36 AM
What happened?
What happened
happenedWhat
Here's a story...as I was waiting at the bus stop (7:35am) to go to school, a lady approached me and asked if I'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus.
me approached a lady
me a lady approached
approached a lady me
The mother was running late for work and could not wait.
The mother running
running The mother
I couldn't say no...so Nicki (the little girl-10 yrs. old) and I waited for the bus.
say I
I say
It was now, 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus.
It was now, 8:15
was now, 8:15 It
On top of things, I had quiz at 8am.
On top of thingsat 8amhad quiz I
quiz On top of thingsat 8amhad I
had at 8amquiz On top of thingsI
Which I then realized I missed.
realized I
I realized
I decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own.
I decided
decided I
I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts.
I her asked
I asked her
asked I her
I called her grandmother and explained things to her.
called I her grandmother
her grandmother I called
called her grandmother I
Pretty strange...aye.
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I couldn't do it.
A bus that runs through UofH arrived
arrived A bus that runs through UofH
Finally, I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school (8:30am).
the little girl told I
told I the little girl
I the little girl told
There were only 15 minutes left of class.
only 15 minutes left of classwere
were only 15 minutes left of class
I stayed for the remainder of the lecture.
stayed for the remainder of the lectureI
stayed I for the remainder of the lecture
I for the remainder of the lecturestayed
After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived.
After class we went
went After class we
went we After class
I told the bus driver where to drop her off.
told I the bus driver
I told the bus driver
the bus driver told I
I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure.
I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure
her grandmother notified with the time of the departureI
with the time of the departureI her grandmother notified
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe.
was relieved I
I was relieved
Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well.
the memo send to the EGM business heads
to the EGM business heads the memo send
send to the EGM business heads the memo
Thanks.
Jana Giovannini
01/26/2001 10:51 AM
Actually, Jen has volunteered for the afternoon session.
for the afternoon sessionvolunteered Jen
volunteered Jen for the afternoon session
volunteered for the afternoon sessionJen
I spoke to her prior to my note.
spoke I prior to my noteto her
prior to my noteto her spoke I
prior to my notespoke I to her
Is there anyone else in EGM that could participate?
anyone else in EGM that could participateIs
Is anyone else in EGM that could participate
Please let me know.
me let
let me
Thanks.
Jen, please take care of this for EGM
care take Jenfor EGM of this
of this for EGM Jentake care
of this Jentake for EGM care
Jana Giovannini
01/24/2001 11:42 AM
All,
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately.
recognize The Analyst and Associate Programs
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting event.
we felt
felt we
We are planning this event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.
We planning this event for Thursday, February 15
this event We planning for Thursday, February 15
We planning for Thursday, February 15 this event
I am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers (Managers or above).
I asking
asking I
We will conduct first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon.
in the morning first round interviews We conduct
We in the morning first round interviews conduct
conduct We first round interviews in the morning
We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning (9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm) complete session.
We need
need We
Please submit your response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.
your response submit
submit your response
In addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer.
we In additionthe groups that have current needs need
In additionneed we the groups that have current needs
In additionthe groups that have current needs need we
Thanks in advance for your cooperation.
Thank you,
youThank
Thank you
Where does our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up?
our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up
show upour 50% (the 1.65 million dollars)
Can you provide me with more details?
me with more detailsprovide you
me you with more detailsprovide
with more detailsprovide me you
Great job, guys.
Eric Gonzales
01/25/2001 02:02 AM
Great job gentlemen!
This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements.
shows This deviation
This deviation shows
Wayne Perry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
25/01/2001 00:20
Finally completed tonight
tonight completed
completed tonight
Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company - $ 272,000 ( $0.10/ mmbtu )
Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company
to Enron LNG Marketing Company Net
Net to Eco about $3,300,000 ( Enron 50% share about $ 1,650,000 )
to Eco Net
Net to Eco
Enron total gain not counting ENA's trading desk margin is $1,922,000
Enron total gain is $
is $Enron total gain
Not bad for a single cargo.
bad for a single cargo
for a single cargobad
Jen, please take care of this for EGM
care take for EGM of this
for EGM take of this care
care take of this for EGM
Marianne: The following are my comments:
are my commentsThe following
The following are my comments
1. In Section 1.1, there should be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line.
be In Section 1.1a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line
be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th lineIn Section 1.1
a parentheses after etc. in the 5th linebe In Section 1.1
2. In Section 3.1, in the last sentence after the proviso insert "a" before the word "change" and after the word "in".
"a" insert in the last sentence after the proviso before the word In Section 3.1
in the last sentence after the proviso insert before the word "a" In Section 3.1
before the word insert In Section 3.1in the last sentence after the proviso "a"
3. In Section 6.1, change 20 Business Days to 20 days.
change In Section 6.120 Business Days to 20 days
In Section 6.1change 20 Business Days to 20 days
to 20 daysIn Section 6.1change 20 Business Days
Also, add a semicolon at the end of clause (i).
add at the end of clause (i)a semicolon
a semicolon add at the end of clause (i)
add a semicolon at the end of clause (i)
4. In Section 6.2.1 I'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue.
IIn Section 6.2.1 note
note IIn Section 6.2.1
Inote In Section 6.2.1
5. In Section 6.3, clause (c) should be reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the Section.
In Section 6.3clause (c) reworded
clause (c) reworded In Section 6.3
reworded clause (c) In Section 6.3
6. Capitalize the word "facility" in the definition of Average Annual Load Factor.
the word "facility" Capitalize in the definition of Average Annual Load Factor
Capitalize the word "facility" in the definition of Average Annual Load Factor
in the definition of Average Annual Load Factorthe word "facility" Capitalize
7. Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1.
Delete the definition of Costs
the definition of Costs Delete
8. Where is the defined term Govt Authority used?
the defined term Govt Authority used
usedthe defined term Govt Authority
9. In the GTC, the ECP rep should also apply to EESI.
to EESIapply the ECP rep In the GTC
the ECP rep to EESIIn the GTCapply
In the GTCthe ECP rep apply to EESI
Also, in the 7th line of the reps add the word "into" after the word "entered" and before the word "this".
in the 7th line of the reps add after the word "entered" and before the word "this"the word "into"
add the word "into" after the word "entered" and before the word "this"in the 7th line of the reps
after the word "entered" and before the word "this"add the word "into" in the 7th line of the reps
10. In Collateral Requests, insert a comma after deposit in the last line.
In Collateral Requestsa comma after deposit in the last lineinsert
insert In Collateral Requestsafter deposit in the last linea comma
In Collateral Requestsinsert after deposit in the last linea comma
I will also add granting/perfection language.
granting/perfection languageadd I
add I granting/perfection language
granting/perfection languageI add
11. In Events of Default, clause (a) refers to a dispute section which I'm not sure exists.
refers to a dispute section which I'm not sure existsIn Events of Defaultclause (a)
to a dispute section which I'm not sure existsclause (a) refers In Events of Default
In Events of Defaultto a dispute section which I'm not sure existsrefers clause (a)
In clause (e), delete the "s": from the word consolidation.
In clause (e)the "s"delete from the word consolidation
from the word consolidationIn clause (e)delete the "s"
delete the "s"from the word consolidationIn clause (e)
12. Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1.
Remedies deleted
deleted Remedies
13. In UCC/Disclaimer of warranties, add a clause (c).
add a clause (c)In UCC/Disclaimer of warranties
a clause (c)add In UCC/Disclaimer of warranties
In UCC/Disclaimer of warrantiesadd a clause (c)
I would add setoff language.
I add setoff language
add setoff languageI
setoff languageadd I
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Marianne Castano@EES
05/30/2001 11:05 AM
Carol:
I have attempted to incorporate the changes that Jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ENA has suggested to date into the short form.
attempted I
I attempted
Attached please find a sample short form (for the Con Ed market) for your review.
find for your reviewa sample short form (for the Con Ed market)
for your reviewfind a sample short form (for the Con Ed market)
a sample short form (for the Con Ed market) find for your review
Please note the following as you review:
note the following
the following note
1. The short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to T&D and the like from the customer (and reflect same on our invoice) and pass those amounts on to the customer's utility.
the optionality relating to our performing billing services contain The short forms
contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services The short forms
contain The short forms the optionality relating to our performing billing services
2. I did not include a "Setoff" provision in this draft, mainly because the vast majority of the time, we will not, nor will an affiliate, have another agreement in place with these customers.
include I a "Setoff" provision in this draft
in this draftI include a "Setoff" provision
I a "Setoff" provision include in this draft
If you feel strongly about our including a setoff provision, we will do so.
do we
we do
3. The change in law provision reads a bit differently from the long form -- the thinking here is that the long form language is very lengthy and rather harsh (and we've had great difficulty selling it in the past).
reads The change in law provision
The change in law provision reads
Taking into consideration this class of customer, we decided to include certain items, including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law, rules or practices as a "force majeure event" in an effort to soften the approach (see the GTCs).
decided we
we decided
Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again, more in the interest of "saving space" than anything else...
calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law we again, more in the interest of "saving space" than anything elseaddress
again, more in the interest of "saving space" than anything elsecalculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law we address
we again, more in the interest of "saving space" than anything elsecalculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law address
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched.
us Let
Let us
If you are comfortable, we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms.
we these changes into our other midmarket power formsdrive
we into our other midmarket power formsthese changes drive
into our other midmarket power formswe drive these changes
Thanks again for your help with this project,
P.S. Please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and Jennifer Hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my "hiatus" -- I am moving to PA on Friday of this week, and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16.
I will start up again in mid-July...
start up in mid-JulyI
start up I in mid-July
in mid-JulyI start up
John:
I have faxed to you the form of Bond, our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master.
the form of Bond, our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Masterfaxed I to you
faxed to you the form of Bond, our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI MasterI
the form of Bond, our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI MasterI faxed to you
I am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or e-mail.
on the confirms I waiting
on the confirms waiting I
I waiting on the confirms
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol St Clair
05/31/2001 09:01 AM
Phyllis:
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable.
be more comfortable Our letter of credit person
Our letter of credit person be more comfortable
Are you okay with that?
If so, are we ready to execute?
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
05/30/2001 03:00 PM
Carol:
I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions.
understand I
I understand
How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC?
you making out on the revised version of the LOC
on the revised version of the LOCyou making out
making out you on the revised version of the LOC
Marianne:
In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power Form, I think you should add a forward contract rep.
In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power FormI think
I In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power Formthink
think I In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power Form
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Christie or Cass:
Are we playing tomorrow at 9:30?
playing tomorrow at 9:30we
tomorrow at 9:30we playing
we playing tomorrow at 9:30
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda:
As I mentioned in my e-mail, John Lepore at Select Energy (Settlements Group) is trying to reconcile our list with his list.
trying John Lepore at Select Energy (Settlements Group)
John Lepore at Select Energy (Settlements Group) trying
He needs more info about these trades (i.e., price info) and would like to talk with you about it.
needs He more info about these trades (i.e., price info)
more info about these trades (i.e., price info) needs He
more info about these trades (i.e., price info) He needs
His number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com.
is 860-665-2368 His number
His number is 860-665-2368
Once we agree on the list, we can sign the EEI Master.
the EEI Masterwe sign
we the EEI Mastersign
the EEI Mastersign we
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
05/25/2001 12:45 PM
Here's everything that flows from 5/1/01 forward.
everything that flows from 5/1/01 forwardHere's
Here's everything that flows from 5/1/01 forward
Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 12:01 PM
We need to include all outstanding transactions.
We need
need We
Thanks.
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
05/25/2001 11:45 AM
Do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all of May since they have not been settled?
you 6/1/01 and forward want
want you 6/1/01 and forward
you want 6/1/01 and forward
Just let me know and I can send you a new attachment.
me let
let me
Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 10:56 AM
Rhonda:
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version?
need Attachment A to the Select EEI Master
Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
05/25/2001 10:44 AM
Carol -
I think Valerie Mooney (our credit person) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC format.
I think
think I
I spoke to Bob Bruce this morning - we're all set on the language in the Schedule to the ISDA, and there is a minor credit/billing issue in Paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that Val will discuss with Ed as well.
to Bob Bruce spoke I this morning
this morning spoke to Bob Bruce I
spoke to Bob Bruce I this morning
As far as the EEI goes, the only remaining issue that I'm aware of (aside from finalizing the LOC) is whether we've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions.
is the only remaining issue that I'm aware of (aside from finalizing the LOC)
the only remaining issue that I'm aware of (aside from finalizing the LOC) is
Sounds like we may actually get these documents executed early next week.
Phyllis Lemell
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 PM
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
I Deal No. 74419 on your sheetmissing
Deal No. 74419 on your sheetmissing I
I missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet
It is Enpower No. 295870.
Will fax.
Rhonda:
Thanks so much for your help on this.
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 PM
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
Deal No. 74419 on your sheetmissing I
Deal No. 74419 on your sheetI missing
missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheetI
It is Enpower No. 295870.
Will fax.
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 PM
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet.
I missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet
missing I Deal No. 74419 on your sheet
Deal No. 74419 on your sheetI missing
It is Enpower No. 295870.
Will fax.
Phyllis:
We can accept the language with your chnages.
accept We the language with your chnages
the language with your chnagesWe accept
the language with your chnagesaccept We
Are we ready to execute?
I am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow.
today I of the office
of the office today I
today of the office I
Please call me.
call me
mecall
thanks.
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
06/04/01 08:38 AM
Carol -
Our credit person doesn't understand why the transferability language needs to be eliminated.
understand Our credit person
Our credit person understand
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally.
refers It for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generallyto the same ICC publication
for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generallyIt to the same ICC publication refers
for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generallyto the same ICC publication It refers
Is there some specific concern that we can address?
Is some specific concern that we can address
some specific concern that we can addressIs
Russell:
Your comments to the transfer agreement were fine.
were fineYour comments to the transfer agreement
Your comments to the transfer agreement were fine
With respect to the Guaranty, I will delete the Schedule.
delete With respect to the Guarantythe ScheduleI
With respect to the GuarantyI delete the Schedule
the ScheduleI delete With respect to the Guaranty
Our system did not show any other chnages.
Our system any other chnagesshow
any other chnagesshow Our system
show any other chnagesOur system
Were there any?
Were any
anyWere
Yes.
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
All,
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.
the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questarsee
see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.
wanted I you all
I wanted you all
you all wanted I
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.
is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect It
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.
own the interconnectTranswestern
the interconnectown Transwestern
Transwestern own the interconnect
You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.
notice You
You notice
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.
me give a call
me a callgive
a callgive me
Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.
notice you
you notice
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.
with us worked Robert Guthrie with the tax department
Robert Guthrie with the tax department worked with us
worked with us Robert Guthrie with the tax department
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.
We hope
hope We
If you have any comments, please let me know.
let me
me let
After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
we forward After executiona final copy to you for your files
forward for your fileswe to you a final copy After execution
After executionforward to you we for your filesa final copy
Thanks,
Kim 713-853-3098
<< File: Questar So Trails Hub Interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>
Earl,
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).
looking We
We looking
As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.
have we
we have
Our in-service date is May 1.
Our in-service date is May
is May Our in-service date
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.
me let
let me
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.
informed Questar us
informed us Questar
us informed Questar
Thanks, Kim.
Has a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date?
settled a location, Theirs or TW land/ROW
a location, Theirs or TW land/ROWsettled
Earl Chanley 505-625-8031
All,
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar.
see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar
the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questarsee
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.
I you all wanted
wanted you all I
wanted I you all
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.
is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect It
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.
Transwestern the interconnectown
the interconnectown Transwestern
own the interconnectTranswestern
You will notice that Questar has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events.
You notice
notice You
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.
a callgive me
me a callgive
a callme give
Also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax.
notice you
you notice
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.
worked with us Robert Guthrie with the tax department
Robert Guthrie with the tax department worked with us
with us Robert Guthrie with the tax department worked
We hope to execute this Agreement this week.
We hope
hope We
If you have any comments, please let me know.
me let
let me
After execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
forward we for your filesto you After executiona final copy
a final copy for your filesAfter executionforward to you we
a final copy After executionforward we to you for your files
Thanks,
Kim 713-853-3098
<< File: Questar So Trails Hub Interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>
Are you back in the office yet?
Are you
you Are
We've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday, May 24 to Newark/Rome and returning on Sunday, June 9 from Rome to Newark/Houston.
this week booked WeItaly tickets
WeItaly tickets this week booked
Italy tickets Wethis week booked
Ticket price was $1,183 per ticket.
Ticket price was $
was $Ticket price
Paul and Judy are on board.
Paul and Judy on board
on boardPaul and Judy
Can you and Tom join us?
you and Tom join us
you and Tom usjoin
usjoin you and Tom
Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg.
be able Janell and Dennis
Janell and Dennis be able
Please call me, let's discuss.
mecall
call me
Thanks,
Kim X33098
John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.
sorry for the late response
for the late responsesorry
I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks!
I in a meeting last week
in a meeting I last week
last week in a meeting I
Kim.
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use, I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates.
has The telephony group the new TW Hotline number and extensions
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions
the new TW Hotline number and extensions has The telephony group
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number?
like you
you like
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers.
do We a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page
along with changing the number on the Web pagea Popup notification do We
along with changing the number on the Web pageWe do a Popup notification
Do you think we need to do more?
think you
you think
Thanks: John Buchanan
Yes, thanks.
I was aware.
I was aware
was awareI
I just couldn't remember if it was you or Terry.
I remember
remember I
Thanks, Kim.
Kim,
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email.
Monday implemented The new TW Hotline
implemented Monday The new TW Hotline
The new TW Hotline Monday implemented
The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044.
is 713-853-3044The new Hotline phone number
The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044
I was under the impression that Terry Kowalke had notified you of the implementation, TK was also made aware.
under the impression I
I under the impression
John Buchanan
John, sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately.
sorry for the late response
for the late responsesorry
I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks!
last week I in a meeting
in a meeting I last week
last week in a meeting I
Kim.
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use, I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates.
has The telephony group the new TW Hotline number and extensions
has the new TW Hotline number and extensions The telephony group
the new TW Hotline number and extensions The telephony group has
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number?
you like
like you
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers.
do We along with changing the number on the Web pagea Popup notification
along with changing the number on the Web pagedo We a Popup notification
a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web pageWe do
Do you think we need to do more?
you think
think you
Thanks: John Buchanan
Here it is.
K.
See the attached spreadsheet.
See the attached spreadsheet
the attached spreadsheetSee
Let me know if you have any questions.
me Let
Let me
Jan,
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago.
These numbers from the ones you put together a few weeks agoare slightly different
are slightly different These numbers from the ones you put together a few weeks ago
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago
Are you comfortable with the difference?
Any thoughts?
No hurry, I was just wondering.
Thanks,
Kim.
Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report.
Attached the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report
the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover reportAttached
Note:
Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $180.9m.
Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $
was $Total transportation invoiced for 2001
The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is $165.9m.
is $The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger
The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is $
This difference is mainly due to the following:
$10.0m - negotiated rates reserve(Reliant,Sempra, Richardson, Astr,and BP Energy) - $collected
$ 2.7m - SoCal rate issue - $not collected
$ 1.8m - additional month of PGE revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $collected
Revenues for these customers were adjusted according.
Revenues for these customers adjusted
adjusted Revenues for these customers
Also, revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly.
revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW's tariff rates adjusted
adjusted revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW's tariff rates
Please call me at x36709 if there are questions
call me at x36709
at x36709 call me
at x36709 me call
thanks,
Kyle,
Sorry for not sending this yesterday.
Monday's are always tough.
Monday's are always tough
are always toughMonday's
Please review and let me know what you think.
Let's talk before I leave town next Wednesday.
Let's
's Let
Thanks,
Kim.
Kim,
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday.
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday
the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last SundayHere is
As you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships.
take it someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships
someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationshipsit take
someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationshipstake it
It will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey.
someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journeyIt require
someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journeyrequire It
require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journeyIt
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and/or send me their resume.
ask them
them ask
See you Sunday.
you SundaySee
Sundayyou See
you See Sunday
Thomas W. Daugherty Vice President for Spiritual Care Methodist Health Care System 6565 Fannin Street, D-200 Houston, Texas 77030-2707 Office: 713-793-1429 Page: 281-735-5919 Cell: 713-819-2784 Fax: 713-790-2605
Mansoor,
Let's discuss.
's Let
Let's
Kim.
The in-service date of May 1, will be very difficult to attain.
be very difficult The in-service date of May 1
The in-service date of May 1be very difficult
Since the bankruptcy filing, vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid (Daniels, Fisher, Rosemont, other).
Since the bankruptcy filingvendors been very reluctant
Since the bankruptcy filingbeen very reluctant vendors
vendors been very reluctant Since the bankruptcy filing
These are the vendors of instrumentation required for the interconnect.
are the vendors These
These are the vendors
Questar may be able to purchase material, but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery.
be able Questar
Questar be able
(From time PA approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most.
From time PA approved and funded to in-service be 75 days
be 75 days From time PA approved and funded to in-service
We have worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone.
worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project We
We on a chromatograph on another project worked with Daniels
We with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project worked
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered.
Daniels for prepayments set up
set up for prepayments Daniels
set up Daniels for prepayments
Not the usual mode of operations.
The I/C design is for a UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( Canada or Kansas are the only two places to test to 100% of design).
UltraSonic meter The I/C design
The I/C design UltraSonic meter
Will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic ASAP.
with UltraSonic confirm testing schedule and delivery dates
testing schedule and delivery dates confirm with UltraSonic
confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in-service date possible, but with conditions as they are, a realistic date would be June 15, 2002.
try We
We try
If you have questions or issues, please let me know.
let me
me let
Earl Chanley 505-625-8031
Earl,
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property).
We looking
looking We
As you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW.
we have
have we
Our in-service date is May 1.
is May Our in-service date
Our in-service date is May
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events, please let me know.
let me
me let
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of May 1.
informed us Questar
Questar us informed
us informed Questar
Thanks,
Kim.
Listening to the Edison call w/investors Edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ("big bang" approach) sometime in Q1'02.
says Edison
Edison says
My concern is that between now and then Dunn, the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief, which could be detrimental to generators/marketers' claims.
My concern is
is My concern
Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators--asking about haircuts in particular--and Edison is side-stepping the questions.
Investors asking
asking Investors
Great.
Figured they'd contacted them, but wanted to make sure.
You know when the meeting with schedulers will be?
know You
You know
I apologize, I'm on the road and haven't heard when that will be.
I apologize
apologizeI
I'm thinking that I may want to attend.
thinking I
Ithinking
Thanks.
Best,
Thanks for the info - a few people from our shop will be in attendance./
If you haven't heard, SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs.
announced SoCal
SoCalannounced
They're holding "workshops" on how it will all work soon.
They"workshops" on how it will all work holding
holding They"workshops" on how it will all work
"workshops" on how it will all work Theyholding
I'll get you the announcement.
Ithe announcementget you
you Iget the announcement
Iyou get the announcement
Best,
Probing the 'palace coup'
the 'palace coup' Probing
Probing the 'palace coup'
Electricity: A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president.
September 26, 2001
By KIMBERLY KINDY
The Orange County Register
A state Senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage California's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices.
today A state Senate committee set
set A state Senate committee today
A state Senate committee set today
The investigative committee, headed by state Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Ana, is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough Shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the Capitol: "the palace coup."
The investigative committee, headed by state Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Anaon a series of events last fall filled with enough Shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the Capitol: "the palace coupfocusing
The investigative committee, headed by state Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Anafocusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough Shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the Capitol: "the palace coup
on a series of events last fall filled with enough Shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the Capitol: "the palace coupThe investigative committee, headed by state Sen. Joe Dunn, D-Santa Anafocusing
Lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events - directed by the man who heads the state's energy grid - fueled the California energy crisis, pushed the state into the power-buying business and helped make billions of dollars for power producers.
Lawmakers and consumer groups allege
allege Lawmakers and consumer groups
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System Operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge.
The central question behind the palace coup is
is The central question behind the palace coup
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50-page request to remove the caps, records and interviews show.
records and interviews show
showrecords and interviews
"I don't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort," said Dunn.
Dunnsaid
said Dunn
The subpoenas will force those involved, including Winter, to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee, and to turn over e-mails, personal calendars and memos.
force The subpoenas those involved, including Winter
The subpoenas force those involved, including Winter
those involved, including WinterThe subpoenas force
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt "betrayed" by the actions of Winter.
said Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said
"The governor believes it was the defining moment, when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis," Maviglio said.
saidMaviglio
Maviglio said
Winter refused comment, referring all questions to the public relations office.
commentrefused Winter
commentWinter refused
refused commentWinter
ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said Dunn's committee will find no criminal conduct.
said ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman
ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said
The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind: to keep the lights on.
made with one goal in mind: to keep the lights onby ISO upper management The decision
by ISO upper management The decision made with one goal in mind: to keep the lights on
made by ISO upper management The decision with one goal in mind: to keep the lights on
At the time, generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps.
refusing At the timegenerators
refusing generators At the time
At the timegenerators refusing
"It was an emergency," Fishman said.
saidFishman
Fishman said
"We had to take action.''
had We
We had
What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power.
began on Oct. 26
on Oct. 26 began
The restrictions would drive prices as low as $65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier.
The restrictions as low as $65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlierprices drive
prices drive as low as $65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlierThe restrictions
as low as $65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlierdrive The restrictions prices
"They (electricity generators) grinned and beared the $750 price cap, but this new plan by ISO was too much," said Dunn, whose committee has been investigating since March.
Dunn, whose committee has been investigating since Marchsaid
said Dunn, whose committee has been investigating since March
"All hell broke loose.''
broke All hell
All hell broke
Records show that on Oct. 31, power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, demanding that the new plan be killed.
Records show
show Records
The letters, six in all, were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators.
The letters, six in allsent within two hours of each other
within two hours of each other sent The letters, six in all
sent The letters, six in allwithin two hours of each other
"If not removed immediately, the (ISO) price cap will sow confusion in the market, threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity,'' read one letter written by Duke Energy Vice President William Hall III.
read one letter written by Duke Energy Vice President William Hall III
one letter written by Duke Energy Vice President William Hall IIIread
Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps, Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials.
Dunn believes
believes Dunn
He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to "fix" prices, which would violate federal trade laws.
said He
He said
In the Oct. 31 letters, electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps weren't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market.
electricity producers federal officials told In the Oct. 31 letters
In the Oct. 31 lettersfederal officials electricity producers told
federal officials electricity producers In the Oct. 31 letterstold
The generators got their way.
their wayThe generators got
their waygot The generators
The generators got their way
The next day, the federal commission killed the new pricing plan.
the new pricing planthe federal commission killed The next day
The next daykilled the federal commission the new pricing plan
The next daythe new pricing planthe federal commission killed
What was left in place was a $250 price cap established five months earlier.
Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap, saying they couldn't make a profit even under these constraints.
Power producers their attention turned
Power producers turned their attention
turned Power producers their attention
They began to withhold power from California, and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts, which were narrowly averted.
began They
They began
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis.
considered by the governor and Dunn
by the governor and Dunn considered
Winter, who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the ISO, submitted a 50-page emergency request, asking federal officials to abolish the $250 price cap.
Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government.
rested with the federal governmentFinal authority over lifting the cap
Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government
Final authority over lifting the cap with the federal governmentrested
Neither the ISO board, which had established the price cap, nor the governor learned of Winter's actions until the cap had been removed.
of Winter's actions Neither the ISO board, which had established the price cap, nor the governor learned
learned Neither the ISO board, which had established the price cap, nor the governor of Winter's actions
Neither the ISO board, which had established the price cap, nor the governor of Winter's actions learned
In fact, the attorney who helped draft the emergency request, Charles Robinson, was in a meeting with representatives of the governor and ISO board members just hours before the filing was made.
just hours before the filing was madeIn factin a meeting the attorney who helped draft the emergency request, Charles Robinson
the attorney who helped draft the emergency request, Charles Robinsonin a meeting In factjust hours before the filing was made
just hours before the filing was madethe attorney who helped draft the emergency request, Charles RobinsonIn factin a meeting
He didn't mention anything about it.
He mention anything about it
He anything about itmention
anything about itmention He
"In retrospect, we should have told them,'' Robinson said.
Robinson said
saidRobinson
With the price caps gone, the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs.
"The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor's key energy advisers with poker faces, not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment,'' Maviglio said.
Maviglio said
saidMaviglio
"It was beyond belief that they failed to mention something so significant.
beyond belief was
was beyond belief
This action accelerated the utilities' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power-buying business."
This action the utilities' move toward bankruptcy accelerated
the utilities' move toward bankruptcy This action accelerated
This action accelerated the utilities' move toward bankruptcy
Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $249 a megawatt to $700 a megawatt within three days, ISO records show.
showISO records
ISO records show
Dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $30 billion.
Dunn believes
believes Dunn
Robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt Californians.
Robinson said
said Robinson
Prices, he said, did not spike as a result.
as a resultPricesspike
Pricesspike as a result
as a resultspike Prices
Instead they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricity.
they the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricityfollowed
they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricity
the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricityfollowed they
Robinson said the emergency order allowed the ISO to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials.
Robinson said
said Robinson
"We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson said.
saidRobinson
Robinson said
"In our view, we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation.
believe we In our view
we In our viewbelieve
we believe In our view
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund."
felt We
We felt
Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators, said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap.
Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generatorssaid
said Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators
Smutney-Jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power-generating community being consulted.
said Smutney-Jones
Smutney-Jones said
"Terry did this by himself,'' said Smutney-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producers.
Smutney-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producerssaid
said Smutney-Jones, executive director of the Independent Energy Producers
"He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing."
what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowingdid He
what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowingHe did
He what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowingdid
The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions.
an emergency meeting the next week called The ISO board
the next week called an emergency meeting The ISO board
the next week an emergency meeting called The ISO board
Some board members pushed to have Winter removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the governor's spokesman Maviglio said.
saidthe governor's spokesman Maviglio
the governor's spokesman Maviglio said
James J. Hoecker, the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman, defended making the December decision and also defended Winter.
James J. Hoecker, the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairmandefended
defended James J. Hoecker, the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman
"They filed an emergency motion, and we were not about to let California go dark,'' Hoecker said.
Hoecker said
saidHoecker
"They (ISO management) did what any independent system operator would do."
They (ISO management) did
did They (ISO management)
What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired.
is why What Dunn's committee hopes to learn
What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is why
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues.
believes He
He believes
"We don't know why he did what he did, but we are eager to find out," Dunn said.
saidDunn
Dunn said
"Terry said he made that filing in the interest of Californians, but I find that argument has no basis in fact.''
said Terry
Terry said
We should resurrect Mike Smith's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one.
We resurrect Mike Smith's note
Mike Smith's note We resurrect
Mike Smith's note resurrect We
I can dig it up if you'd like.
Sue and Jeff --
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA (for customers already on DA).
a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich having on Thursday I
I a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday having
on Thursday a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich I having
Can we discuss this today or soon thereafter.
discuss this we today or soon thereafter
discuss we today or soon thereafterthis
this today or soon thereafterwe discuss
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this (maybe?) and our #1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state.
is My take
My take is
Any news on how SCE and SDG&E will move forward?
Thanks.
Sounds good.
I suggest a "blind draw" on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golf, and as for the wager, no emails from the losing team for one week!
I a "blind draw" on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golfsuggest
suggest a "blind draw" on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golfI
I suggest a "blind draw" on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golf
Is there any question?
Is any question
any questionIs
I'll leave to Steve to structure the deal.
leave Ito Steve
to Steve leave I
leave to Steve I
As I recall, Montavano, Shapiro and I usually make up one team, but I'm willing to switch around a bit.
Montavano, Shapiro and I make up one team
Montavano, Shapiro and I one teammake up
make up one teamMontavano, Shapiro and I
Best,
Are you playing golf?
golfplaying you
golfyou playing
you golfplaying
And if yes, what's the game and wager???
the game and wagerwhat's
what's the game and wager
"Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com>
11/28/2000 06:16 PM
It's a two way street, of course.
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating?
expressed any interest in negotiatingthey
expressed they any interest in negotiating
any interest in negotiatingthey expressed
There is nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation, but nothing particularly helpful about generating one that s just for show.
nothing wrong with a REAL negotiationis
is nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation
Particularly in the absence of any entreaty from them.
in the absence of any entreaty from themParticularly
Particularly in the absence of any entreaty from them
Where is the "simple" explanation of the transportation piece?
Where is the "simple" explanation of the transportation piece
the "simple" explanation of the transportation pieceWhere is
As I have told RNR, I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not in conformity with the contract, sinceit is in the alternative, and that our IP is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators (since Duke clearly cannot change it's ineffective IP at this stage, having already seen ours).
think I
I think
Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract.
the only issue left for arbitration is
is the only issue left for arbitration
What say ye?
yesay What
say yeWhat
yeWhat say
Susan Rance@ENRON
11/28/2000 03:58 PM
By Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November.
tell the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and Novemberme you By Friday December 1st
tell you By Friday December 1stthe percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and Novemberme
me you By Friday December 1sttell the percentages/amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November
In addition, could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP.
look In additionyou over the list below
In additionover the list below you look
In additionlook you over the list below
Thanks for you cooperation.
***Mary Perkins - Could you forward the number of transactions and accounts.
the number of transactions and accountsMary Perkins forward you
the number of transactions and accountsforward you Mary Perkins
forward you Mary Perkins the number of transactions and accounts
***Jason Chumley - Could you forward the number of contractor hours and help/remote support hours.
forward the number of contractor hours and help/remote support hoursJason Chumley you
Jason Chumley the number of contractor hours and help/remote support hoursyou forward
Jason Chumley forward you the number of contractor hours and help/remote support hours
HR - Veronica Parra, Nedre Strambler, Fran Mayes, Felicia Solis
Legal - Bob Carter, Travis McCullough, Lisa Mellencamp, Shelia Tweed, Richard Sanders, Michelle Cash
Corporate Finance- Joe Deffner, Brain Kerrigan, Lewis Worthy, Mary Perkins
IT- Jason Chumley
Structuring/Technology - Brad Alford, Chris Coffman, Bill Keeney
Insurance- David Marshall
Looks good
Steve Van Hooser
11/28/2000 11:34 AM
Richard,
How does this look?
this look
lookthis
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today, I'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday's meeting with LIPA.
going I
Igoing
Thanks for your help this morning.
In the three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company.
of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance companyam unaware In the three years I have been hereI
In the three years I have been heream unaware I of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company
I am unaware In the three years I have been hereof an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company
Anyone else?
If so, please contact Michelle.
Michellecontact
contact Michelle
Michelle Blaine@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
11/28/2000 07:35 PM
Justin, I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here.
no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas have I
I no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas have
no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas I have
I've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately.
the materials you sent Iread
Iread the materials you sent
Ithe materials you sent read
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed??
you have Richard any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas
have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas you Richard
Richard you any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas have
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I don't recall making any bad faith claims.
We last year sued Houston Casualty
sued last year We Houston Casualty
sued Houston Casualty We last year
It settled anyway, a long time ago.
settled It
It settled
Michelle,
Did you get my fax on Friday?
get on Fridaymy fax you
my fax get on Fridayyou
get you on Fridaymy fax
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are: (a) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India?
I guess
guess I
(b) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas?
(c) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you?
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss.
me a call give
me give a call
a call give me
Not when I was there, but I wasn't there the whole time.
Michelle and Ken,
were you able to discuss the "bad faith" proceedings issue yesterday?
If you got the chance today, I should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call to discuss this issue; I think we should set out DPC's position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay.
be really grateful I
I be really grateful
This message is confidential.
is confidentialThis message
This message is confidential
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules.
privileged It
It privileged
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
let us by reply
by reply us let
us by reply let
Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature.
this for my signatureto Robin Gibbs Address
Address to Robin Gibbs this for my signature
this Address for my signatureto Robin Gibbs
Thanks.
Russell Montgomery@ENRON
11/28/2000 08:22 AM
Richard-
Per my voice mail, here is the letter.
here is the letterPer my voice mail
Per my voice mailhere is the letter
the letterPer my voice mailhere is
As I mentioned, please let me know when it is ready, and I will send someone to pick it up.
let me
me let
Thank you for your help.
you Thank for your help
for your helpThank you
for your helpyou Thank
Russ 3-5297
Rob Jacobs <rsjacobs@Encoreacq.com>
11/28/2000 11:25 AM
Hi Rich,
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet?
heard you
you heard
Also, remind me of Patterson's email, so I can harass him directly.
of Patterson's emailremind me
me of Patterson's emailremind
remind me of Patterson's email
Hope your pre Chanukah planning is going well.
- C.DTF
As you can tell from the time of my e-mail, I am getting crushed.
I crushed
crushedI
Please ask her to be the contact person.
ask her
her ask
Robert C Williams@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
11/28/2000 09:46 AM
Now that Michelle is in your fold, do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with AAA on this?
you want
want you
I am sending you a letter from their atty.
I sending a letter from their attyyou
I sending you a letter from their atty
I you a letter from their attysending
Call me to discuss.
me Call
Call me
Cheryl Marshall
11/27/2000 10:25 AM
As of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
As of todaywe payment in full received
received As of todaywe payment in full
we payment in full As of todayreceived
We did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000.
a payment for $3,202.61 We receive on 11-20-2000
receive We a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000
a payment for $3,202.61 We on 11-20-2000receive
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
Richard me let
me Richard let
let me Richard
Nuria_R_Ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 AM
on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 AM Nuria_R_Ibarra@calpx.com
Nuria_R_Ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 AM
The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman.
sent The attached letter from Patricia Gillmanto you
The attached letter from Patricia Gillmansent to you
from Patricia Gillmanto you sent The attached letter
(See attached file: Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc)
attached file: Sanders Letter 4_28_00.docSee
See attached file: Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc
- Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc
Richard B Sanders
11/28/2000 09:56 PM
I am sending you a letter from their atty.
sending I a letter from their attyyou
sending you a letter from their attyI
I a letter from their attyyou sending
Call me to discuss.
Call me
me Call
Cheryl Marshall
11/27/2000 10:25 AM
As of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
received As of todaypayment in full we
we As of todayreceived payment in full
received we payment in full As of today
We did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000.
on 11-20-2000a payment for $3,202.61 receive We
receive on 11-20-2000We a payment for $3,202.61
We on 11-20-2000receive a payment for $3,202.61
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
Richard me let
let Richard me
me Richard let
Has Liz finished with gathering the documents?
finished Liz
Liz finished
11/13/2000 03:43 PM
Here are the revised dates for the response/reply/and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compel.
the revised dates for the response/reply/and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compelHere are
Here are the revised dates for the response/reply/and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compel
As you may recall, they say they want a deposition on the parties' intention.
they say
say they
We should be expecting a deposition notice soon if they are going to follow through on their threat.
expecting We a deposition notice
expecting a deposition notice We
We a deposition notice expecting
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking.
I to Liz Austin passed your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking
passed to Liz Austin I your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking
I passed your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seekingto Liz Austin
As you see below, she is pulling those together.
those pulling she
pulling those she
she those pulling
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee's settlement offer.
Thanks.
Hi--
Talked to Craig and the Court today.
Talked todayto Craig and the Court
todayto Craig and the Court Talked
to Craig and the Court todayTalked
The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2p.m.
for Dec. 12 at 2p.mThe motion to compel scheduled
scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2p.mThe motion to compel
The motion to compel for Dec. 12 at 2p.mscheduled
The trustee's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27 and Enron reply is due Dec 1.
are now due Nov 27 The trustee's oppositon papers
Nov 27 The trustee's oppositon papers are now due
Nov 27 are now due The trustee's oppositon papers
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested.
I have
have I
That is all for now.
is all for nowThat
That is all for now
That for nowis all
--Liz
**********NOTE**********
The information contained in this email message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above.
The information contained in this email message intended only for use of the individual or entity named above
only for use of the individual or entity named aboveintended The information contained in this email message
only for use of the individual or entity named aboveThe information contained in this email message intended
If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.
notified you
you notified
If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original message.
by telephone (713-546-5000)us notify
us notify by telephone (713-546-5000)
us by telephone (713-546-5000)notify
Thank you.
youThank
Thank you
"Gerry Strathmann" <gstrathmann@mediaone.net>
11/08/2000 02:19 PM
Dear Mr. Sanders -
While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project, I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well...
I thought
thought I
We are still very interested in having Enron support our eCommerce Dispute Management Protocol.?
are still very interested We
We are still very interested
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts.?
had We from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChryslerenthusiastic responses
enthusiastic responses had We from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChrysler
had from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and DaimlerChryslerenthusiastic responses We
The real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol.
to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the ProtocolThe real purpose of my callis related
is related The real purpose of my callto the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol
The real purpose of my callis related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol
I am a member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration Association's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions.?
I am a member
am a member I
At this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings.
At this time putting small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offeringswe
At this time we small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offeringsputting
we putting small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offeringsAt this time
Initially our design group, along with perhaps one of our technology consultants, would like to meet with a group of Enron people for half a day.?
our design group, along with perhaps one of our technology consultantslike
like our design group, along with perhaps one of our technology consultants
Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services.?
this group consist of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations
this group of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations consist
consist this group of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations
Before the meeting we would provide you with a brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meeting.
Before the meeting you we provide with a brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meeting
we with a brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meetingyou Before the meeting provide
we provide Before the meeting you with a brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meeting
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces.?
We are very concerned with providing services that are relevant to that environment.
We are very concerned
are very concerned We
We would like to meet between November 14 and?December 1?since construction of our services is already underway.?
like We
We like
Please let me know what is possible, and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions (978-376-9004).
let me
me let
Thanks.
-> Gerry
Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group American Arbitration Association (978) 376-9004 303-294-4499
"Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com>
11/29/2000 09:52 AM
Thanks, Richard.
Do you have a tel # for Mike?
have you a tel # for Mike
a tel # for Mikeyou have
have a tel # for Mikeyou
Thanks.
Mark Palmer@ENRON
11/29/2000 10:45 AM
I'll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it.
a copy of the suit filed against the generators Isend
send Ia copy of the suit filed against the generators
Ia copy of the suit filed against the generators send
"Leopold, Jason" <Jason.Leopold@dowjones.com>
11/29/2000 10:40 AM
Hello Energyphiles:
OK, perhaps it was inevitable.
it was inevitable
was inevitableit
But it is now official.
is now officialit
it is now official
A team of San Diego's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in California state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered San Diego and the rest of California this year.
assembled A team of San Diego's best anti-trust and class action attorneys
A team of San Diego's best anti-trust and class action attorneys assembled
A press conference will be held to discuss the consumer class action lawsuit to be filed today.
held A press conference
A press conference held
WHEN: 11am - noon
WHERE: 550 West C St. (b/t Columbia & India) Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine, Steinberg, Miller & Huver 619-231-9449
WHAT: Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time.
UCAN's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint.
UCAN's executive director and the attorney team be available
be available UCAN's executive director and the attorney team
We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today.
are hopeful We
We are hopeful
"Time is the best teacher, except for the fact that it kills off its best students"
Time except for the fact that it kills off its best studentsis the best teacher
except for the fact that it kills off its best studentsis the best teacherTime
except for the fact that it kills off its best studentsTime is the best teacher
Michael Shames Executive Director Utility Consumers' Action Network 1717 Kettner Blvd. Suite 105 San Diego, CA 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
the industry of Marriage and Kids, you heard me.
Marriage is, in and of itself, a noble concept, but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck.
How can I say such an abomination, ask you?
youask
ask you
Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating, yet they do.
Look around you
around you Look
These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air.
These are the people
are the people These
These are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again.
These are the kids
are the kids These
And you might think by reading this I blame the kids.....
you think
think you
Not so, Kids are what kids are and will do what they do.
It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them.
with themIt is
with themis It
It is with them
That will likely never change.
That change
changeThat
It's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and dont seem to understand that once you decide to have kids, it is indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for those kids.
's the bad parents It
It's the bad parents
Very few parents do this.
Very few parents thisdo
thisVery few parents do
thisdo Very few parents
And this is a direct result of the Politically correct, permissive, time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this.
is a direct result this
this is a direct result
When you blame it all on society, there's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking, drinking, doing drugs, fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they're doing.
's noone to to take responsibility
noone to to take responsibility 's
People like this will never have my sympathy, nor do they deserve my sympathy.
People like this have my sympathy
my sympathyPeople like this have
my sympathyhave People like this
Look inside yourselves parents, is this you?
inside yourselves Look
Look inside yourselves
Probably it is.
Fuck you.
Fuck you
youFuck
Stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to "get a break" .
You made a choice to be a mommy, you dont get a break until they move out, thats the choice that you madea and that's life.
made You a choice to be a mommy
You a choice to be a mommymade
a choice to be a mommymade You
Tough shit.
Just because you're stuck, doesnt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you.
you the right to drag down all the singles around yougive
give the right to drag down all the singles around youyou
you give the right to drag down all the singles around you
Another time I'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where "Mommies" get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason.
segueway Another time into all the fun work related instances I
Isegueway into all the fun work related instances Another time
into all the fun work related instances segueway Another time I
This is the insidious conspiracy I call "Mommism".
This is the insidious conspiracy
is the insidious conspiracy This
It must be stamped out.
It stamped out
stamped outIt
[http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines]
(Newsday.com)
It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago.
looks It
It looks
Now, NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with "go" fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches.
with "go" fever NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy
are almost giddy with "go" fever NASA engineers and astronauts
NASA engineers and astronauts with "go" fever are almost giddy
The most important question isn't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures, but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia, errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image-puffing and budget-cutting.
The most important question is
isThe most important question
I hope so.
hope I
I hope
Seeing another "Columbia" incident can be quite frightening (I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in Texas).
We don't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species.
need another incident We
another incident need We
another incident We need
Maybe one day they will allow space tourism, (hopefully that will be in the near future)although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones.
space tourismthey one day allow
allow they space tourismone day
space tourismthey allow one day
You do have to give NASA credit on some things as they have eliminated the "fear of reporting failure" culture that probably led to the lack of reporting defects on the Columbia shuttle.
You have
have You
Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems (as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses).
encouraging everyone they
everyone encouraging they
they everyone encouraging
But supporters are pointing a few good things out:
Clearly, the agency has worked hard at tackling the technical challenges posed by a superb and surprisingly independent-minded investigative panel.
worked the agency
the agency worked
A few weeks ago, shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space Center received a rocket-like boost in morale with two important deliveries for the next shuttle to carry.
shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space Center a rocket-like boost in morale received with two important deliveries for the next shuttle to carry
shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space Center received with two important deliveries for the next shuttle to carrya rocket-like boost in morale
received with two important deliveries for the next shuttle to carrya rocket-like boost in morale shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space Center
One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed.
is a special tool One
One is a special tool
The other is a new fuel tank "guaranteed" by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation.
fuel tank The other
The other fuel tank
NASA has some PR hurdles to overcome in the future.
NASA some PR hurdles to overcome in the futurehas
some PR hurdles to overcome in the futureNASA has
has NASA some PR hurdles to overcome in the future
But lets hope for their sake (and the sake of all space lovers out there) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again.
lets
s let
Selah.
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM
Posted at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook
by Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM Posted to Hidden Nook
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM
Healing the Collective Body
the Collective Body Healing
Healing the Collective Body
In George Orwell's influential novel "1984" doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as "war is peace".
doublethink is a device In George Orwell's influential novel "1984"
In George Orwell's influential novel "1984" doublethink is a device
doublethink In George Orwell's influential novel "1984" is a device
I see the merit in flowing with duality.
see the merit in flowing with dualityI
the merit in flowing with dualityI see
the merit in flowing with dualitysee I
One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one, that there is no separation between you and I, we are all together in this thing called life, we human beings, the birds and the tress, the rocks and the sky, all of it.
One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding
is the understanding One of my most cherished dualities
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body, mind and soul.
I written a lot
written I a lot
I a lot written
Think of all life, if you will, as one great choir or one grand congregation.
as one great choir or one grand congregationThink of all life
of all lifeThink as one great choir or one grand congregation
as one great choir or one grand congregationof all lifeThink
Our strength is in our unity and harmony.
in our unity Our strength
Our strength in our unity
Any major dischord and we all suffer.
Any insult to the collective good brings us all down.
Any insult to the collective good brings us all
brings Any insult to the collective good us all
Any insult to the collective good us all brings
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness.
We are only as strong as our weakest, we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us- playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before I was finished being a teenager.
as our weakestare only as strong We
We as our weakestare only as strong
are only as strong We as our weakest
When the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down.
brings it us all
us all it brings
it us all brings
When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do, not only are they hurting us, but they are hurting themselves.
hurting usthey
they ushurting
they hurting us
There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in.
no escape from the collective ocean we all swim inis
is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in
What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you.
What you project come
come What you project
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peace.
from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peaceWe suffering
We suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peace
from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peacesuffering We
Jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him.
said Jesus
Jesus said
What are you doing to the least of the people?
What doing you to the least of the people
to the least of the peopledoing What you
doing to the least of the peopleWhat you
If we are all in this thing together, let's play nice.
let's
's let
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else, remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny.
No matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier, we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality.
we achieve real health
real health achieve we
achieve real health we
Fortunately circumstances will force our hand soon since our collective bad behaviour cannot continue indefinitely.
our hand circumstances force
circumstances our hand force
our hand force circumstances
In the near future collective choices will need to be made.
collective choices In the near future need
need In the near future collective choices
collective choices need In the near future
Will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard?
we choose
choose we
Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger?
we choose
choose we
There is no health without peace and no peace without health.
no health without peace and no peace without healthis
is no health without peace and no peace without health
November 2005
Sunshine Coast, British Columbia, Canada
Christopher Scipio Homeopath/Herbalist Holistic Viral Specialist
One Simple Idea.
One Huge Opportunity.
What are you searching for?
More personal freedom?
More time with your family?
Independent wealth?
Freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing?
Whether you are looking for a part-time income to help pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from home on a full time basis, Agel is the vehicle that can make that happen.
Agel is the vehicle
is the vehicle Agel
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry.
Agel is a new company
is a new company Agel
The company has developed an entirely new category of products.
developed The company an entirely new category of products
an entirely new category of productsdeveloped The company
an entirely new category of productsThe company developed
Imagine being part of the next industry-changing innovation.
Innovative Products
Agel introduces an entirely new category of products called Gelceuticals.
Agel introduces an entirely new category of products called Gelceuticals
Agel an entirely new category of products called Gelceuticalsintroduces
an entirely new category of products called GelceuticalsAgel introduces
The company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products.
The company a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional productsdeveloped
developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional productsThe company
The company developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products
This proprietary Gel Suspension technology makes possible single serving packets of Gelceuticals.
makes This proprietary Gel Suspension technology single serving packets of Gelceuticals
makes single serving packets of GelceuticalsThis proprietary Gel Suspension technology
single serving packets of GelceuticalsThis proprietary Gel Suspension technology makes
In this delivery format, your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins, minerals and nutrients is maximized.
In this delivery formatstart your body
start In this delivery formatyour body
start your body In this delivery format
Never before has such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products.
such a convenient method been available
been available such a convenient method
Consider these convenience factors:
Consider these convenience factors
these convenience factorsConsider
No water needed (as with tablets or capsules)
No water needed (as with tablets or capsules)
No water (as with tablets or capsules) needed
needed (as with tablets or capsules) No water
Exotic juice benefits without the big bottle (no glass and water weight)
Single serving packages (imagine the sampling capabilities)
Perfect for those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules
Perfect for those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules
for those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules Perfect
Faster, more efficient, delivery to the body Learn More
Revolutionary Compensation
Agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary.
created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionaryAgel
Agel a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionarycreated
a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionarycreated Agel
It is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history.
is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history.
our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history. is
The plan can't be described as a binary, a breakaway, a unilevel, or a forced matrix.
The plan described as a binary, a breakaway, a unilevel, or a forced matrix
The plan as a binary, a breakaway, a unilevel, or a forced matrixdescribed
described as a binary, a breakaway, a unilevel, or a forced matrixThe plan
It is a revolutionary hybrid.
It is a revolutionary hybrid
is a revolutionary hybridIt
What is long term viability?
What is long term viability
long term viabilityWhat is
It is not just company longevity.
It company longevity
company longevityIt
If you used to make $100k and now only make $30k, this is not long term viability.
Ten years later your check should still be the same or greater, fulfilling the promise of long-term residual income.
your check be the same
be the same your check
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it.
includes The Agel compensation plan the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it
the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at itincludes The Agel compensation plan
the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at itThe Agel compensation plan includes
Are you unsure of Agel?
Take time to discover the unlimited possibilities with Agel!
Take time
time Take
The call will feature a host of other field leaders, and our founder and CEO, Glen Jensen.
The call feature a host of other field leaders, and our founder and CEO, Glen Jensen
feature a host of other field leaders, and our founder and CEO, Glen JensenThe call
feature The call a host of other field leaders, and our founder and CEO, Glen Jensen
This call will smoke!
smokeThis call
This call smoke
You will discover: · How to Create the Security of Residual Income; · Why Agel is the Best Vehicle to Live Your Dreams; · The Amazing Scientific Breakthrough Behind the Products; · How the "Quadra-Plan" Builds Bigger Bonus Checks Faster; · The Support System in Place to Help You Build Stronger; and · The Secret to Lock in a "Legacy" Position!
discoverYou
You discover
Here are the numbers to call:
the numbers to callHere are
Here are the numbers to call
620-294-4000 or 620-294-3000
The Passcode to participate is:5107
is:5107 The Passcode to participate
The Passcode to participate is:5107
DATE: Tuesday, November 22, 2005
TIME: 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time
LOCATION: Conference Call
5:00 PT ** 6:00 MT ** 7:00 CT ** 8:00 ET
I'll see you there!
Iyou see
Isee you
see Iyou
Steve Fillmore 612-205-9814 620-294-1909
Email: "Dharmadeva"<dharmad...@gmail.com>
Hi All!
We now present the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga postures.
the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga posturespresent We
present We the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga postures
We the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga posturespresent
I encourage you to do this dance, as it has tremendous positive effects.
you I encourage
I you encourage
I encourage you
It is a dance for both males and females.
It is a dance
is a dance It
Kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti.
Kaoshikii is a dance
is a dance Kaoshikii
It is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength.
is a psycho-spiritual exercise It
It is a psycho-spiritual exercise
Kaoshikii is especially good for women.
is especially good Kaoshikii for women
Kaoshikii is especially good for women
Kaoshikii for womenis especially good
It can ward off and cure a number of diseases, keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth.
ward off a number of diseasesIt
a number of diseasesward off It
It ward off a number of diseases
Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer of mind.
Kaoshikii comes from the Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer of mind
Kaoshikii from the Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer of mindcomes
comes Kaoshikii from the Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer of mind
The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence (kosas).
The self of the individual lies
lies The self of the individual
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm (unit being) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm (Cosmic Consciousness).
is a blossoming kaoshikii
kaoshikii is a blossoming
This attempt is normally referred to as mysticism.
This attempt referred as mysticismto
to This attempt as mysticismreferred
This attempt to as mysticismreferred
The Benefits
Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes.
all the glands and limbs from head to toesExercises
Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes
Increases longevity.
Increases longevity
longevityIncreases
Makes for easy delivery at childbirth.
Makes for easy delivery at childbirth
for easy delivery at childbirthMakes
The spine will become flexible.
become The spine
The spine become
Arthritis of the spine, neck, waist and other joints will be removed.
Arthritis of the spine, neck, waist and other joints removed
removedArthritis of the spine, neck, waist and other joints
Gout in the spine, neck, hands and waist will be lost.
lostGout in the spine, neck, hands and waist
Gout in the spine, neck, hands and waist lost
The mind becomes strong and sharp.
The mind becomes
becomes The mind
Irregularities in menstruation will be cured.
curedIrregularities in menstruation
Irregularities in menstruation cured
Glandular secretions will become regulated.
Glandular secretions become
become Glandular secretions
Troubles in the bladder and urethra will be cured.
curedTroubles in the bladder and urethra
Troubles in the bladder and urethra cured
Gives control over the limbs.
Gives control over the limbs
control over the limbsGives
Adds charm and shine to the face and skin.
to the face and skincharm and shine Adds
to the face and skinAdds charm and shine
charm and shine Adds to the face and skin
Removes wrinkles.
Removes wrinkles
wrinklesRemoves
Removes lethargy.
Removes lethargy
lethargyRemoves
Cures insomnia.
Cures insomnia
insomniaCures
Cures hysteria.
hysteriaCures
Cures hysteria
Fear complexes will be removed.
removedFear complexes
Fear complexes removed
Hopelessness will be lost.
lostHopelessness
Hopelessness lost
Helps in self-expression and develops one's potentiality.
Helps in self-expression
in self-expression Helps
Spinal pain, piles, hernia, hydrocele in men, nervous pain, nervous disability will be cured.
Spinal pain, piles, hernia, hydrocele in men, nervous pain, nervous disability cured
curedSpinal pain, piles, hernia, hydrocele in men, nervous pain, nervous disability
Cures kidney and gall bladder troubles, gastric trouble, dyspepsia, acidity, dysentery, obesity and liver diseases.
Cures kidney and gall bladder troubles, gastric trouble, dyspepsia, acidity, dysentery, obesity and liver diseases
kidney and gall bladder troubles, gastric trouble, dyspepsia, acidity, dysentery, obesity and liver diseasesCures
Increases the capacity to work until 75-80 years of age.
the capacity to work until 75-80 years of ageIncreases
Increases the capacity to work until 75-80 years of age
The Dance
The eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically.
done The eighteen steps of the dance
The eighteen steps of the dance done
First the dancer begins in the starting position: the hands together and raised over the head.
begins in the starting position: the hands together and raised over the headthe dancer
begins the dancer in the starting position: the hands together and raised over the head
in the starting position: the hands together and raised over the headthe dancer begins
Then to the beat of "dhin, dhin,... ,ta', ta'", the dancers begin their step, placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot.
to the beat of "dhin, dhin,... ,ta', ta'"their stepthe dancers begin
the dancers their stepbegin to the beat of "dhin, dhin,... ,ta', ta'"
the dancers to the beat of "dhin, dhin,... ,ta', ta'"their stepbegin
In the final two steps, the dancers firmly stamp their feet on the ground.
stamp the dancers on the groundIn the final two stepstheir feet
the dancers stamp In the final two stepson the groundtheir feet
In the final two stepson the groundthe dancers stamp their feet
Kaoshikii can be danced for as many rounds as you like.
danced for as many rounds as you likeKaoshikii
Kaoshikii for as many rounds as you likedanced
Kaoshikii danced for as many rounds as you like
The Ideation
When the dancers start the step with the beat of "dhin, dhin...", the mental ideation should also be kept.
the mental ideation kept
keptthe mental ideation
Here is the ideation.
Here is the ideation
the ideationHere is
The two hands when upraised and folded together represent: "Now I am trying to establish a link with Parama Purus'a (Supreme Consciousness)."
The two hands represent
representThe two hands
Bending to the right indicates: "I know the right way to request You."
Bending to the left indicates: "I know how to fulfil Your demands."
Bending forward suggests: "I completely surrender to You."
Bending backward represents: "I am ready to face all obstacles that may come."
The last two steps represent: "O Lord I repeat Your cosmic rhythm."
representThe last two steps
The last two steps represent
Quebecker wins U.S. bravery award
wins Quebecker U.S. bravery award
U.S. bravery award wins Quebecker
wins U.S. bravery award Quebecker
Pittsburgh -
A Quebec man was awarded a Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for saving two friends by fighting off a polar bear with a pocket knife two years ago on Baffin Island
a Carnegie Medal for bravery awarded A Quebec man on Monday
A Quebec man for bravery awarded a Carnegie Medal on Monday
on Monday A Quebec man for bravery a Carnegie Medal awarded
Dr. Eric Fortier, 34, of Gatineau, Que., used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island, just south of the Arctic Circle, to save two friends who were being mauled.
a pocket knife Dr. Eric Fortier, 34, of Gatineau, Que.used
Dr. Eric Fortier, 34, of Gatineau, Que.a pocket knife used
Dr. Eric Fortier, 34, of Gatineau, Que.used a pocket knife
"All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [River] valley where we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said.
Dr. Fortier said
saidDr. Fortier
Dr. Fortier, an orthodontist, learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall.
Dr. Fortier, an orthodontistlearned in July 2001
learned in July 2001 Dr. Fortier, an orthodontist
Dr. Fortier, an orthodontistin July 2001 learned
"My first thought was to push it away," he said.
he said
saidhe
"A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling."
through the tent fly saw the shadow of a bear's paw my girlfriend
the shadow of a bear's paw saw through the tent fly my girlfriend
the shadow of a bear's paw my girlfriend saw through the tent fly
The polar bear is more dangerous than most other bears.
is more dangerous than most other bearsThe polar bear
is more dangerous The polar bear than most other bears
The polar bear than most other bearsis more dangerous
The latter usually consider human beings a threat but the polar bear considers humans a snack, experts said.
saidexperts
experts said
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31-year-old Alain Parenteau.
screamed The two
The two screamed
"Their screams changed," Dr. Fortier said.
Dr. Fortier said
saidDr. Fortier
"I grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out."
grabbed I my glasses and my knife
I grabbed my glasses and my knife
my glasses and my knife grabbed I
The bear dwarfed the 6-foot-1 Mr. Parenteau, knocking him to the ground, he said.
saidhe
he said
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear, distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25-year-old Patricia Doyon, who was in the same tent.
threw Dr. Fortier a large rock at the bear
threw at the beara large rock Dr. Fortier
threw a large rock Dr. Fortier at the bear
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape.
Dr. Fortier at the bear rocks threw
at the bear Dr. Fortier threw rocks
threw rocks at the bear Dr. Fortier
"The bear gave chase and I gave chase," he said.
saidhe
he said
"At some point, Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back.
tripped Patricia At some point
Patricia At some pointtripped
At some pointtripped Patricia
I was beside the bear's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times."
beside the bear's head I
I beside the bear's head
The bear ran off.
The bear ran
ran The bear
While there was some fur and blood on the nine-centimetre blade, Dr. Fortier said he doesn't think he hurt the bear badly.
Dr. Fortier said
said Dr. Fortier
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon, however, were bleeding badly.
bleeding Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyonbleeding
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River.
lashed Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend two canoes
two canoes lashed Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes
Dr. Fortier travelled another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement.
travelled by foot Dr. Fortier
by foot Dr. Fortier travelled
Dr. Fortier by foot travelled
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived, though Mr. Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular, Dr. Fortier said.
Dr. Fortier said
saidDr. Fortier
Dr. Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday.
was one Dr. Fortier
Dr. Fortier was one
The bronze medal is given to people who "risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others."
The bronze medal given to people who "risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others
to people who "risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of othersThe bronze medal given
given to people who "risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of othersThe bronze medal
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford, 42, of Hamilton, who was killed Aug. 4, 2002, while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife.
The other Canadian recipient of the medal Ronald Joseph Crawford
Ronald Joseph CrawfordThe other Canadian recipient of the medal
Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart.
Mr. Crawford several punches threw at the assailant
threw Mr. Crawford at the assailant several punches
at the assailant Mr. Crawford threw several punches
U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people.
started U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie in 1904 a hero fund
in 1904 started U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie a hero fund
U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started in 1904 a hero fund
The award comes with a $3,500 (U.S.) grant.
with a $3,500 (U.S.) grantThe award comes
The award comes with a $3,500 (U.S.) grant
The award with a $3,500 (U.S.) grantcomes
Important information of big companies
Apple Computers
It was the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs.
It was the favorite fruit
was the favorite fruit It
He was three months late in filing a name for the business, and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues didn't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock.
It is not an acronym as popularly believed.
It is not an acronym
is not an acronym It
It is short for San Francisco.
is short It for San Francisco
is short for San FranciscoIt
It for San Franciscois short
This name was formed by using COMp, for computer, and PAQ to denote a small integral object.
formed This name
This name formed
The name was derived from the founder's name Dr.Michael Cowpland.
derived The name from the founder's name Dr.Michael Cowpland
The name from the founder's name Dr.Michael Cowplandderived
The name derived from the founder's name Dr.Michael Cowpland
It stands for COwpland REsearch Laboratory.
It stands for COwpland REsearch Laboratory
for COwpland REsearch LaboratoryIt stands
It for COwpland REsearch Laboratorystands
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search.
as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to searchstarted The name
started The name as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to search
The name as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to searchstarted
It was originally named 'Googol', a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros.
named It
It named
After founders - Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor, they received a cheque made out to 'Google'
a cheque made out to 'Google' they received
they a cheque made out to 'Google' received
received a cheque made out to 'Google' they
Founder Jack Smith got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world.
the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the worldgot Founder Jack Smith
Founder Jack Smith the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the worldgot
the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the worldFounder Jack Smith got
When Sabeer Bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service, he tried all kinds of names ending in 'mail' and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters "html" - the programming language used to write web pages.
tried all kinds of names ending in 'mail' he
all kinds of names ending in 'mail' tried he
tried he all kinds of names ending in 'mail'
It was initially referred to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing.
to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasingIt referred
It to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasingreferred
as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasingIt referred to
Hewlett Packard
Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decidewhether the company they founded would be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett.
tossed Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard a coin
a coin Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard tossed
tossed a coin Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company 'Moore Noyce' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics.
wanted Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted
Lotus (Notes)
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'.
from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'the name for his company got Mitch Kapor
got from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'Mitch Kapor the name for his company
the name for his company got Mitch Kapor from 'The Lotus Position' or 'Padmasana'
Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi.
Kapor used
used Kapor
Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware.
Coined by Bill Gates
by Bill Gates Coined
Originally christened Micro-Soft, the '-' was removed later on.
removed the '-'
the '-' removed
Founder Paul Galvin came up with this name when his company started manufacturing radios for cars.
Founder Paul Galvin came with this name
with this name came Founder Paul Galvin
came with this name Founder Paul Galvin
The popular radio company at the time was called Victrola.
The popular radio company at the time called
called The popular radio company at the time
Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were working on a consulting project for the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency).
working Larry Ellison and Bob Oats on a consulting project for the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency)
working on a consulting project for the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency)Larry Ellison and Bob Oats
on a consulting project for the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency)Larry Ellison and Bob Oats working
The code name for the project was called Oracle (the CIA saw this as the system to give answers to all questions or something such).
The code name for the project called
called The code name for the project
The project was designed to help use the newly written SQL code by IBM.
The project designed
designed The project
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world.
The project terminated
terminated The project
They kept the name Oracle and created the RDBMS engine.
kept the name Oracle They
kept They the name Oracle
They the name Oracle kept
Later they kept the same name for the company.
for the companythey kept the same name
for the companythe same name kept they
kept they the same name for the company
It originated from the Latin word 'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used by Americans to refer to a bright youngster.
It originated from the Latin word 'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used by Americans to refer to a bright youngster
It from the Latin word 'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used by Americans to refer to a bright youngsteroriginated
from the Latin word 'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used by Americans to refer to a bright youngsterIt originated
Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies, SUN is the acronym for Stanford University Network.
Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies, SUN is the acronym
is the acronym Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies, SUN
Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it, and recruited Bill Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computer.
Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it, and recruited Bill Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computer
a microcomputer; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it, and recruited Bill Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computerAndreas Bechtolsheim built
Andreas Bechtolsheim a microcomputer; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it, and recruited Bill Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computerbuilt
The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book 'Gulliver's Travels'.
by Jonathan Swift The word invented
invented The word by Jonathan Swift
invented by Jonathan Swift The word
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human.
a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely humanIt represents
represents It a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human
represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely humanIt
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and DavidFilo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos...
the name selected Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and DavidFilo
the name Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and DavidFilo selected
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and DavidFilo selected the name
I am on Yahoo !
I on Yahoo
on Yahoo I
Email : mayur...@yahoo.com SMS : +919819602175 Web :
Hi all,
There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Wars, so why create a new one?
several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Warsare
are several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Wars
I say why not?
say I
I say
The main reason is Google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it's not going to go away.
is The main reason
The main reason is
I have seen great fan sites suddenly disappear without notice and for no reason.
I seen
seen I
Usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used.
happens this
this happens
That said, the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :).
handled by Google the maintenance of this forum
the maintenance of this forum by Google handled
the maintenance of this forum handled by Google
I'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions.
Regards,
Aye!
Good Day Mate!
Im really looking forward to Guild Wars.
Im
m I
Anyone know a release date?
Anyone a release dateknow
a release dateAnyone know
know a release dateAnyone
Feb 2005
Feb 2005 is the projected release date, although Guild Wars is made by ex-members of Blizzard, so Feb 2005 could mean August 2006...
release dateFeb 2005
Feb 2005 release date
Anyway, I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events.
I tried
tried I
Oh well, I'll get it when it comes out in Febuary.
Iget it
Iit get
get Iit
rumor has feb 05 on the calender.
has rumor feb 05 on the calender
rumor has feb 05 on the calender
feb 05 rumor has on the calender
BUT they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long.
stated they
they stated
as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of.
go to
to go
and a good reason for starting this group....company firewalls lol ;)
I was kind of curious, what exactly is Guild Wars?
was kind of curiousI
I was kind of curious
I havn't heard of it.
heard of itI
of itI heard
I heard of it
Check out the Guild Wars Web site at for more info about the game.
Check out for more info about the gamethe Guild Wars Web site at
for more info about the gamethe Guild Wars Web site at Check out
the Guild Wars Web site at Check out for more info about the game
It's a massive multiplayer role playing game.
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days.
The graphics amoung the best graphics without a doubt
amoung the best graphics The graphics without a doubt
The graphics without a doubt amoung the best graphics
It's worth a look.
a look's worth It
Ita look's worth
It's worth a look
I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts.
a preorder have I
a preorder I have
I a preorder have
I have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview.
participated in all the weekend beta events and the world previewI
I participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview
I in all the weekend beta events and the world previewparticipated
The game is already 100% functional.
I can't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline.
them imagine I
imagine I them
I them imagine
Warm greetings to all in this GW community.
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars.
I Lady Kingel
Lady Kingel I
We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played.
We are a consortium
are a consortium We
The alliance is a pretty straightforward one.
is a pretty straightforward oneThe alliance
The alliance is a pretty straightforward one
It was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with.
formed It
It formed
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums.
no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forumsare
are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums
We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW...which is a part of the alliance with the same name.
We are also a group
are also a group We
We play in all aspects of the game and we hand pick our members.
We play in all aspects of the game
in all aspects of the game play We
in all aspects of the game We play
I would like to personally invite each of you to visit our website.
like I
I like
You are individuals of quality, and in our alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member.
You are individuals
are individuals You
You will be asked to register, and then you should wander over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself.
asked You
You asked
You will be greeted by many members of this wonderful family.
You greeted by many members of this wonderful family
by many members of this wonderful familygreeted You
by many members of this wonderful familyYou greeted
I do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you, as well.
hope I
I hope
If you paste this in your browser, it will take you directly to our GW website.
it take directly to our GW websiteyou
take it you directly to our GW website
directly to our GW websiteyou take it
I extend my hand to each of you in true friendship, and honor.
to each of you I in true friendship, and honorextend my hand
in true friendship, and honorI to each of you extend my hand
my hand extend to each of you I in true friendship, and honor
Come and say hello...you will be warmly welcomed!
We are currently moving to a new server, so we will be down for a while.
We to a new servermoving
We moving to a new server
to a new servermoving We
I will inform when we are up and running again.
inform I
I inform
I wish all happy holidays, and moreso, wish peace on earth.
happy holidaysall wish I
wish happy holidaysI all
happy holidayswish I all
Dear Judges, Lawyers, Policemen, Guards, Counselors, Taxpayers, et. al.,
We are here.
are hereWe
We are here
Like it or not, for good or bad, we are here.
for good or badare herewe
for good or badwe are here
are herefor good or badwe
Who are we?
Who are we
weWho are
We are the downtrodden and dispossesed, the self-torturing, the disenfranchised convicts, drug and alcohol addicts, the unemployed and unemployable.
are the downtrodden We
We are the downtrodden
We are the children of poverty, financial and spiritual.
We are the children
are the children We
We have and will have children of our own, grandchildren too.
children of our own, grandchildren toohave We
We children of our own, grandchildren toohave
have children of our own, grandchildren tooWe
We are ex-cons, uninsured, homeless, of many colors and speaking many tongues.
are ex-consWe
We are ex-cons
We are the enemy in what has become a domestic war against ourselves.
are the enemy We
We are the enemy
And who are you?
who are you
youwho are
You who like the tough talk of Tough on Crime?
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force?
Bullet-proof vests, automatic weapons, helicopters, tanks, robots ... the testosterone is oozing through the streets, more prisons, longer sentences, tighten the belt, spartan conditions, task forces, gang units, gun courts.
And what is there to show for it?
what is
is what
Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those "out of the workforce", the dregs, the rabble, the enemy?
Unemployent stays
stays Unemployent
Please tell me there is a deeper reason.
me tell
tell me
Do you feel safer?
feel you
you feel
More humane?
More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose, who can identify Us and Them?
Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood?
you in a gated community or gentrified neighborhoodlive
live you in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood
in a gated community or gentrified neighborhoodyou live
By the way, have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases?
By the wayyou read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution
you read By the waythe Declaration of Independence and US Constitution
you the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution read By the way
It's about time we got together.
's about time It
It's about time
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief, an addict, a dealer, a prostitute, or a violent individual.
Most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas, ruts and catch-22s.
have hope for ourselves Most of us
hope for ourselves have Most of us
Most of us have hope for ourselves
Most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order.
believe Most of us
Most of us believe
Many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being, an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to, and many of use wouldn't escape if you opened the front door.
burrowed Many of us beneath the surface
beneath the surface burrowed Many of us
beneath the surface Many of us burrowed
Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated, on probation, on parole or once were in those categories?
you know
know you
Each of those 10 million have families, friends, neighbors ... and so closer and closer does the We interface with the You.
Each of those 10 million families, friends, neighbors have
have Each of those 10 million families, friends, neighbors
Each of those 10 million have families, friends, neighbors
Don't you think it's time we talked?
you think
think you
Are you ready?
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future?
you accept
accept you
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now?
have you the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now
the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are nowyou have
the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are nowhave you
I know that some of you are, and that some of us are, and this is what gives me hope.
I know
know I
You need our insights just as we need your structure.
You our insights need
our insights need You
need our insights You
It is never over, especially when a real solution, a real treatment for our sickness, is yet to begin.
It is never over
is never overIt
In Solidarity,
Bruce Reilly (a.k.a Bruha) P.O.Box 8274 Cranston, RI 02920 USA
P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause.
Ideas are welcome.
are welcomeIdeas
Ideas are welcome
Collaboration is prayed.
Collaboration prayed
prayedCollaboration
an annotated text of the bill, read the article by D. Singmaster in "The Mathematical Intelligencer" v7 #2, pp 69-72.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
Subject: Where can I get the necessary software to get a "smart" mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps? (E.g., pathalias, smail, etc.)
There are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives.
are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives
a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archivesare
If sites next to you don't have what you want, contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive, or the moderator.
contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive, or the moderator
your nearest comp.sources.unix archive, or the moderatorcontact
Information on archive sites, and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d.
posted Information on archive sites, and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d
Information on archive sites, and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues posted in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d
in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.dInformation on archive sites, and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues posted
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
Subject: What is "food for the NSA line-eater"?
This refers to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency (and possibly other intelligence organizations) for interesting keywords.
This refers to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency (and possibly other intelligence organizations) for interesting keywords
This to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency (and possibly other intelligence organizations) for interesting keywordsrefers
refers This to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency (and possibly other intelligence organizations) for interesting keywords
The "food" is believed to contain some of those
believed The "food"
The "food" believed
Email: "Peanutjake"<peanutjak...@usa.com>
Groups: misc.consumers
Subject: IMMEDIATE ATTENTION NEEDED:
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL URGENT ASSISTANCE - FROM USA
FROM: GEORGE WALKER BUSH 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 FAX: 202.456.2461
Dear Sir / Madam,
I am GEORGE WALKER BUSH, son of the former president of the United States of America George Herbert Walker Bush, and currently serving as President of the United States of America.
GEORGE WALKER BUSHI
I GEORGE WALKER BUSH
This letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence.
surprise This letter you
you surprise This letter
This letter you surprise
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction, which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence.
came I
I came
I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of Iraq.
I in absolute confidence you writing
writing in absolute confidence I you
I writing in absolute confidence you
My partners and I solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father, who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America, and bravely served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency.
your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father, who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America, and bravely served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agencysolicit My partners and I
solicit My partners and I your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father, who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America, and bravely served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency
your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father, who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America, and bravely served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence AgencyMy partners and I solicit
In the decade of the nineteen-eighties, my father, then vice-president of the United States of America, sought to work with the good offices of the President of the Republic of Iraq to regain lost oil revenue sources in the neighboring Islamic republic of Iran.
my father, then vice-president of the United States of Americasought In the decade of the nineteen-eighties
sought my father, then vice-president of the United States of AmericaIn the decade of the nineteen-eighties
sought In the decade of the nineteen-eightiesmy father, then vice-president of the United States of America
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling-out with his Iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait, a wholly-owned U.S.-British subsidiary.
followed This unsuccessful venture by a falling-out with his Iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait, a wholly-owned U.S.-British subsidiary
This unsuccessful venture followed by a falling-out with his Iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait, a wholly-owned U.S.-British subsidiary
by a falling-out with his Iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait, a wholly-owned U.S.-British subsidiaryfollowed This unsuccessful venture
My father re-secured the petroleum assets of Kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty-one billion U.S. dollars ($61,000,000,000).
the petroleum assets of Kuwait My father at a cost of sixty-one billion U.S. dollars ($61,000,000,000)in 1991 re-secured
at a cost of sixty-one billion U.S. dollars ($61,000,000,000)the petroleum assets of Kuwait My father re-secured in 1991
at a cost of sixty-one billion U.S. dollars ($61,000,000,000)re-secured the petroleum assets of Kuwait in 1991 My father
Out of that cost, thirty-six billion dollars ($36,000,000,000) were supplied by King Hussein, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchies, and sixteen billion dollars ($16,000,000,000) supplied by German and Japanese partners.
supplied thirty-six billion dollars ($36,000,000,000) Out of that costby King Hussein, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchies
supplied thirty-six billion dollars ($36,000,000,000) by King Hussein, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchiesOut of that cost
by King Hussein, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchiessupplied Out of that costthirty-six billion dollars ($36,000,000,000)
But my father's former Iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves.
my father's former Iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves
remained my father's former Iraqi business partner in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves
in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reservesremained my father's former Iraqi business partner
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country, as compensation for the costs of removing him from power.
for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country, as compensation for the costs of removing him from powerMy family calling
My family calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country, as compensation for the costs of removing him from power
My family for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country, as compensation for the costs of removing him from powercalling
Unfortunately, our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture, which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ($100,000,000,000 - $200,000,000,000), both in the initial acquisition and in long-term management.
our partners from 1991 are not willing
are not willing our partners from 1991
Without the funds from our 1991 partners, we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq.
we Without the funds from our 1991 partnersbe able
Without the funds from our 1991 partnerswe be able
be able we Without the funds from our 1991 partners
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance.
is why That
That is why
Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company, and Condoleeza Rice, whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her.
the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil companyOur distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include
include Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company
the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil companyinclude Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction
I would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty-five percent(10-25 %) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture.
beseech I you
you I beseech
beseech you I
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our trusted intermediary.
as our trusted intermediaryThe Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America function
as our trusted intermediaryfunction The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America as our trusted intermediaryfunction
I propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth (15th) of the month of April.
I propose
propose I
I know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried.
I know
know I
But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day.
assuring you I
I assuring you
I you assuring
A bold step taken shall not be regretted, I assure you.
youassure I
assure youI
youI assure
Please do be informed that this business transaction is 100% legal.
If you do not wish to co-operate in this transaction, please contact our intermediary representatives to further discuss the matter.
contact our intermediary representatives
our intermediary representatives contact
I pray that you understand our plight.
pray I
I pray
My family and our colleagues will be forever grateful.
be forever gratefulMy family and our colleagues
My family and our colleagues be forever grateful
Please reply in strict confidence to the contact numbers below.
reply in strict confidence to the contact numbers below
reply to the contact numbers belowin strict confidence
to the contact numbers belowreply in strict confidence
Sincerely with warm regards,
Sincerely with warm regards
with warm regardsSincerely
George Walker Bush Switchboard: 202.456.1414 Comments: 202.456.1111 Fax: 202.456.2461 e-mail: presid...@whitehouse.gov
US battles to save storm victims
US battles
battles US
Watch the airlift
Watch the airlift
the airlift Watch
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina, the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades.
battling Emergency teams in the southern US
Emergency teams in the southern US battling
Hundreds of people are feared dead in Mississippi, and the Louisiana city of New Orleans is badly flooded.
Hundreds of people feared in Mississippi
in MississippiHundreds of people feared
Hundreds of people in Mississippifeared
The city mayor said rescuers were unable to retrieve the dead.
said The city mayor
The city mayor said
"They're just pushing them aside," he said.
saidhe
he said
Amid worsening conditions, officials plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter.
officials plan Amid worsening conditions
plan Amid worsening conditionsofficials
Amid worsening conditionsofficials plan
The Superdome stadium is without power, and toilets are overflowing.
The Superdome stadium without power
without powerThe Superdome stadium
Map of central New Orleans
"It's a very, very desperate situation," Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said.
Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said
saidLouisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
an error occurred
occurred an error
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was "hell".
said One resident of New Orleans
One resident of New Orleans said
"We were screaming, hollering, flashing lights.
We screaming
screamingWe
It was complete chaos," Kioka Williams told the Associated Press news agency.
the Associated Press news agencyKioka Williams told
Kioka Williams the Associated Press news agencytold
Kioka Williams told the Associated Press news agency
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level.
had She
She had
Walls keeping water out of the bowl-shaped city have been breached, and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350kg (3,000lb) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps.
breachedWalls keeping water out of the bowl-shaped city
Walls keeping water out of the bowl-shaped city breached
Before the phones went, I was told [my family in Biloxi] had lost their roof, barn, 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water
told I
I told
Natalie McVeigh Oakley, England
Your Katrina experiences
Blogging Katrina
Blogging Katrina
Katrina Blogging
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin said up to 80% of the city was submerged, in some cases by waters 6m (20ft) deep.
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin said
said New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin
He warned water levels could still rise.
warned He
He warned
"Some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet (some 3m) of water," he said.
he said
saidhe
The US Army Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters, and the government's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes.
says The US Army Corps of Engineers
The US Army Corps of Engineers says
The BBC's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out.
The BBC's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says
says The BBC's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans
Heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting.
Heavily armed police trying
trying Heavily armed police
While some looters are stealing non-essential goods, others are simply trying to find food and water.
trying others
others trying
'Hundreds dead'
Hundreds dead
deadHundreds
The situation appears to be even worse in Mississippi.
The situation appears
appears The situation
"You're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast," a state official said.
a state official said
saida state official
[an error occurred while processing this directive]
occurred an error
an error occurred
Casinos housed in barges have been hurled onto the beach and beyond.
Casinos housed in barges hurled onto the beach and beyond
onto the beach and beyondCasinos housed in barges hurled
hurled Casinos housed in barges onto the beach and beyond
Tens of thousands are homeless, and officials say it could be weeks before power is restored.
are homelessTens of thousands
Tens of thousands are homeless
"I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago," said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air.
said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour
Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour said
Survivors are being found all the time, including two children who lost their parents.
found Survivors all the timeincluding two children who lost their parents
Survivors all the timefound including two children who lost their parents
found all the timeincluding two children who lost their parentsSurvivors
Harrison County in Mississippi bore the brunt of Hurricane Katrina as it slammed into Biloxi and Gulfport before heading inland.
bore Harrison County in Mississippi the brunt of Hurricane Katrina
the brunt of Hurricane Katrina Harrison County in Mississippi bore
bore the brunt of Hurricane Katrina Harrison County in Mississippi
Mississippi media earlier reported 54 people killed in the state.
54 people killed in the statereported Mississippi media
Mississippi media 54 people killed in the statereported
54 people killed in the stateMississippi media reported
In Biloxi, 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge".
in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge"30 people In Biloxireported
30 people In Biloxiin one block of flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge"reported
In Biloxireported 30 people in one block of flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge"
The town's death toll may be "in the hundreds", municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said.
saidmunicipal spokesman Vincent Creel
municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said
Louisiana's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome.
residents Louisiana's Governor Blanco urged
residents urged Louisiana's Governor Blanco
Louisiana's Governor Blanco residents urged
Follow Katrina's path
Katrina's path Follow
Follow Katrina's path
The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest-ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas.
thousands of volunteers for its biggest-ever natural disaster effort The US Red Cross mobilised
The US Red Cross thousands of volunteers for its biggest-ever natural disaster effort mobilised
mobilised for its biggest-ever natural disaster effort The US Red Cross thousands of volunteers
President George W Bush, who has cut his holiday two days short, has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations.
President George W Bush, who has cut his holiday two days shortcalled on Americans
on Americans President George W Bush, who has cut his holiday two days shortcalled
President George W Bush, who has cut his holiday two days shorton Americans called
Damage estimates of more than $25bn suggest it could be the US insurance industry's most expensive natural disaster ever.
Damage estimates of more than $25bn suggest
suggest Damage estimates of more than $25bn
The price of crude oil on the international market hit a record $70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico.
hit The price of crude oil on the international market due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexicoa record $70.85 a barrel
due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexicoa record $70.85 a barrel The price of crude oil on the international market hit
due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexicohit The price of crude oil on the international market a record $70.85 a barrel
The US energy secretary has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves.
The US energy secretary announced
announced The US energy secretary
Return to the top
Return to the top
to the top Return
MOON LANDING HOAX: CHURCH = TECHNOLOGY & GOVERNMENT - Shuttle Carried on Aircraft model
Q: NASA IS A WASTE!
( Answered, 2 Comments )
Subject: NASA IS A WASTE!
Category: Science > Astronomy
Asked by: yheggy-ga
Asked by: yheggy-ga
by: yheggy-ga Asked
List Price: $2.00
Posted: 25 Oct 2004 18:32 PDT
Posted18:32 PDT 25 Oct 2004
25 Oct 2004 Posted18:32 PDT
Posted25 Oct 2004 18:32 PDT
Expires: 24 Nov 2004 17:32 PST
Expires24 Nov 2004 17:32 PST
Expires17:32 PST 24 Nov 2004
24 Nov 2004 Expires17:32 PST
Question ID: 420072
How much money does the USA give NASA per year?
per yearHow much money the USA give NASA
give NASA How much money per yearthe USA
How much money the USA per yeargive NASA
Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE!
Answered By: googlenut-ga on 25 Oct 2004 19:14 PDT
Answered By: googlenut-ga 19:14 PDT on 25 Oct 2004
19:14 PDT on 25 Oct 2004 By: googlenut-ga Answered
19:14 PDT By: googlenut-ga on 25 Oct 2004 Answered
Hello yheggy-ga,
On September 21, 2004, the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved $16.379 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005.
$16.379 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved On September 21, 2004
approved the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee for fiscal year 2005$16.379 billion in funding for NASA On September 21, 2004
the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee $16.379 billion in funding for NASA On September 21, 2004for fiscal year 2005approved
This is a $200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004.
U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations
Press Release
September 21, 2004
"National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA): is funded at $16.379 billion, an increase of $200 million over the FY04 enacted level, and a reduction of $665 million from the budget request.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)at $16.379 billion, an increase of $200 million over the FY04 enacted level, and a reduction of $665 million from the budget requestfunded
at $16.379 billion, an increase of $200 million over the FY04 enacted level, and a reduction of $665 million from the budget requestfunded National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)funded at $16.379 billion, an increase of $200 million over the FY04 enacted level, and a reduction of $665 million from the budget request
An additional $800 million in emergency funding was added for NASA during the Committee's consideration of the bill.
for NASA during the Committee's consideration of the billAn additional $800 million in emergency funding added
during the Committee's consideration of the billfor NASA An additional $800 million in emergency funding added
during the Committee's consideration of the billadded An additional $800 million in emergency funding for NASA
-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $4.319 billion, the requested level from the Administration.
The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program funded at $4.319 billion, the requested level from the Administration
The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program at $4.319 billion, the requested level from the Administrationfunded
funded at $4.319 billion, the requested level from the AdministrationThe return to flight activities for the Shuttle program
-- The International Space Station is funded at $1.6 billion.
funded The International Space Station at $1.6 billion
The International Space Station at $1.6 billionfunded
The International Space Station funded at $1.6 billion
The bill reduces ISS operations by $120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05.
ISS operations The bill reduces due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05by $120 million
reduces due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05The bill by $120 million ISS operations
due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05ISS operations reduces The bill by $120 million
-- The Moon/Mars vision:
--- The Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) is funded at $268 million.
at $268 millionThe Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) funded
at $268 millionfunded The Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV)
funded The Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) at $268 million
--- A lunar exploration mission is funded at $20 million.
at $20 millionfunded A lunar exploration mission
funded A lunar exploration mission at $20 million
A lunar exploration mission funded at $20 million
--- $10 million is provided for Centennial Challenges.
provided for Centennial Challenges$10 million
for Centennial Challengesprovided $10 million
for Centennial Challenges$10 million provided
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation (NRC): is funded at $115 million, the same as FY04 and the budget request."
at $115 million, the same as FY04 and the budget requestNeighborhood Reinvestment Corporation (NRC)funded
at $115 million, the same as FY04 and the budget requestfunded Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation (NRC)
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation (NRC)at $115 million, the same as FY04 and the budget requestfunded
Senate increases NASA funding
NASA funding increases Senate
Senate NASA funding increases
Senate increases NASA funding
"The Senate Appropriations Committee used a somewhat controversial technique Tuesday to increase NASA's fiscal year 2005 budget by $200 million over what President Bush requested.
a somewhat controversial technique Tuesday used The Senate Appropriations Committee
a somewhat controversial technique The Senate Appropriations Committee used Tuesday
Tuesday used a somewhat controversial technique The Senate Appropriations Committee
The committee voted to give NASA $16.4 billion in 2005, about $200 million more than what the President requested and over $1 billion more than what House appropriators approved in July."
The committee voted
voted The committee
I hope you have found this information helpful.
hope I
I hope
If you have any questions, please request clarification prior to rating the answer.
clarification request
request clarification
Google Search Terms:
nasa funding
Comments Log in to add a comment
Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE!
From: saem_aero-ga on 26 Oct 2004 18:11 PDT
Excellent answer googlenut.
Let me add some additional info.
Let me
me Let
You can get details about NASA spending here, from their own webpage.
details about NASA spending from their own webpageYou get
You details about NASA spending get from their own webpage
details about NASA spending You from their own webpageget
Also, from their own webpage, reasons why NASA is important, in a 5th grade format.
I guess if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy-ga.
I guess
guess I
Let me put it this way - If you have watched TV recently, crossed a modern bridge, flown in an airplane, recieved any form of modern medicine, did any mathematics, drove a car, used a cellular phone, etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which NASA has returned to us.
me Let
Let me
Also NASA has a large outreach program for education, some people believe this is important.
has a large outreach program for educationNASA
has NASA a large outreach program for education
a large outreach program for educationNASA has
Best, Steve.
Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE! From: jaqamofino-ga on 26 Apr 2005 06:02 PDT
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers' money, but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies, that i find it best not to think about it.
i believe
believe i
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste, but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA.
think i
i think
of course, in a perfect world, tax payers' money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program, and housing for the homeless, but this is far from a perfect world.
toward some sort of national healthcare program, and housing for the homelesstax payers' money go in a perfect world
toward some sort of national healthcare program, and housing for the homelessin a perfect worldgo tax payers' money
toward some sort of national healthcare program, and housing for the homelesstax payers' money in a perfect worldgo
in response to Steve's comment: do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the ONLY way to invent the cellfone?
and bridges???
i find that extremely hard to believe.
find that i
that i find
that find i
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way, right here on bad-old-planet-earth.
i think
think i
just my two cents.
thanks for listening.
Please take a moment to read this.
a moment take
take a moment
I realize that it may sound strange, but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend.
I realize
realize I
This costs absolutely nothing, and will take about one minute of your time.
This costs absolutely nothing
absolutely nothingThis costs
absolutely nothingcosts This
This is not a hoax, as so many of these emails actully are.
is not a hoaxThis
This is not a hoax
In quick summary, Beyond Control, a local band in our area, is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out.
Beyond Control, a local band in our areaIn quick summarya benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run outsponoring
In quick summaryBeyond Control, a local band in our areasponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out
sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run outBeyond Control, a local band in our areaIn quick summary
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started.
is involved That band in a local competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started
is involved in a local competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have startedThat band
That band in a local competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have startedis involved
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort.
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort
some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effortBelow are
What we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band, in order to put them in first place.
They are currently in third place, and need your help so that the prize money can be used for a humanatarian cause.
in third placeThey
They in third place
You can vote at the following link, it will only take a few seconds.
You at the following linkvote
You vote at the following link
at the following linkYou vote
Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast your vote for Beyond Control.
take a moment
a moment take
Thank you in advance for your contribution to this effort.
Thank in advance for your contribution to this effortyou
in advance for your contribution to this effortThank you
for your contribution to this effortyou in advance Thank
Also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts.
to everyone you know, and all of your email contactsthis pass
pass to everyone you know, and all of your email contactsthis
this pass to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts
We need the power of the internet to pull this off.
the power of the internet need We
We the power of the internet need
the power of the internet We need
The web site is
is The web site
The web site is
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website.
You check at the Beyond Control websitethe validity of all of this
at the Beyond Control websitethe validity of all of this You check
the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control websitecheck You
That address is .
is That address
That address is
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season.
is The home page for Rockin on the River
The home page for Rockin on the River is
You can check that out as well, to confirm that this is all real, and for a worthy cause.
Abby is our beloved friend, and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life-saving treatments.
is our beloved friendAbby
Abby is our beloved friend
Many thanks, and may God bless you all and keep you healthy.
Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your information.
just for your informationHere are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June
Here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in Junejust for your information
some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in JuneHere are just for your information
Roy,
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit.
some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefitI sending you
some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefitI you sending
I you sending some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit
If you can pass this info along, and ask everyone you know to forward it to their contacts, etc, we may have a shot at pulling this off.
a shot at pulling this offwe have
have we a shot at pulling this off
we a shot at pulling this offhave
Thanks,
John,
I will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring.
attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoringI
I the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoringattach
attach I the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring
There is a link to the contest page.
is a link to the contest page
a link to the contest pageis
Any help in distributing this will be greatly appreciated.
appreciatedAny help in distributing this
Any help in distributing this appreciated
It is certainly for a good cause.
for a good causeIt
It for a good cause
Abby needs to fly to New York twice a month for these treatments, and her time on the Federal Grant program has expired.
Abby needs
needs Abby
She doesn't have the funds to continue without the grant, and without these treatments, her prognosis is grim.
She without the granthave the funds to continue
without the grantthe funds to continue She have
the funds to continue have She without the grant
I hope you have a huge network.
I hope
hope I
Also encourage your recipients to forward this along to their contacts, and so on, so that the movement to help her grows exponentially.
encourage your recipients
your recipients encourage
We must finish in first place in order to contribute the $5000 to the benefit fund.
We finish in first place
in first place We finish
in first place finish We
Thank you so much for caring enough to offer your help.
Thank you
you Thank
BENEFIT AUCTION & RAFFLE FOR ABBY FREEMAN
WHEN: JUNE 12, 2005, 2:00 P.M. TO 2:00 A.M.
WHERE: MAIN STREET SALOON
ADMISSION: DONATIONS AT THE DOOR
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and she needs your help!
Abby Freeman is our good friend
is our good friend Abby Freeman
Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments.
run outHer grant for the life saving treatments she needs
Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs run out
Abby has three wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need her.
three wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need herhas Abby
has three wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need herAbby
has Abby three wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need her
Please help us to help her win this fight.
help us
us help
With your help, we know she can do it!!
know we With your help
know With your helpwe
With your helpknow we
We'll have four bands, and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes.
four bandsWehave
have Wefour bands
Wehave four bands
This is an event you don't want to miss!!
This is an event
is an event This
Bands, food, and prizes are sponsored by Beyond Control, who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1.
by Beyond Control, who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1sponsored Bands, food, and prizes
Bands, food, and prizes by Beyond Control, who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1sponsored
by Beyond Control, who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1Bands, food, and prizes sponsored
The winner of this competition will receive $5000, which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fund.
The winner of this competition receive $5000, which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fund
$5000, which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fundThe winner of this competition receive
$5000, which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fundreceive The winner of this competition
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .
help us
us help
Cast a vote for Beyond Control, and help us provide Abby with her life saving treatments again.
a vote for Beyond ControlCast
Cast a vote for Beyond Control
Donations can also be made through Charter One Bank.
through Charter One BankDonations made
made Donations through Charter One Bank
Donations made through Charter One Bank
Make checks payable to Kendel Bunnell c/o Benefit for Abby Freeman
Make checks
checks Make
By Richard Spencer
(Filed: 19/11/2004)
19/11/2004Filed
Filed19/11/2004
China's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan.
prompting around the globe China's insatiable demand for energy fears of financial and diplomatic collisions
around the globe prompting China's insatiable demand for energy fears of financial and diplomatic collisions
prompting around the globe fears of financial and diplomatic collisions China's insatiable demand for energy
An intrusion into Japanese territorial waters by a Chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with Brazil are the latest apparently unconnected consequences of China's soaring economic growth.
are the latest apparently unconnected consequences An intrusion into Japanese territorial waters by a Chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with Brazil
An intrusion into Japanese territorial waters by a Chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with Brazil are the latest apparently unconnected consequences
Increased car usage in China is creating a high demand for petrol
creating a high demand for petrol Increased car usage in China
creating Increased car usage in China a high demand for petrol
a high demand for petrol creating Increased car usage in China
The connection, however, lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan.
The connectionlies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan
in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwanlies The connection
lies The connectionin an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan
The submarine incident was put down to a "technical error" by the Chinese government, which apologised to Japan.
to a "technical error" by the Chinese government, which apologised to Japanput down The submarine incident
to a "technical error" by the Chinese government, which apologised to JapanThe submarine incident put down
to a "technical error" The submarine incident by the Chinese government, which apologised to Japanput down
But even before the incident the People's Daily, the government mouthpiece, had commented that competition over the East China Sea between the two countries was "only a prelude of the game between China and Japan in the arena of international energy".
the People's Daily, the government mouthpieceeven before the incident commented
even before the incident commented the People's Daily, the government mouthpiece
commented even before the incident the People's Daily, the government mouthpiece
The Brazil trade deal included funding for a joint oil-drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on the market.
included The Brazil trade deal funding for a joint oil-drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on the market
included funding for a joint oil-drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on the marketThe Brazil trade deal
The Brazil trade deal included funding for a joint oil-drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on the market
The West, however, has paid little attention to these developments.
The Westlittle attention to these developmentspaid
paid little attention The Westto these developments
to these developmentsThe Westpaid little attention
For the United States and Europe are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of China's relations with "pariah states".
the United States and Europe are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of China's relations with "pariah states"
with the even more sensitive issues of China's relations with "pariah states"are far more concerned the United States and Europe
the United States and Europe with the even more sensitive issues of China's relations with "pariah states"are far more concerned
In September, China threatened to veto any move to impose sanctions on Sudan over the atrocities in Darfur.
threatened China In September
threatened In SeptemberChina
China In Septemberthreatened
It has invested $3 billion in the African country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs.
$3 billion in the African country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needsinvested It
$3 billion It invested in the African country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs
in the African country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needsIt invested $3 billion
Then, this month, it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran's nuclear stand-off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council.
said it this month
said this monthit
it said this month
A week before, China's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran, which already supplies 13 per cent of China's needs.
China's second biggest state oil firm signed a $70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran, which already supplies 13 per cent of China's needs
signed a $70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran, which already supplies 13 per cent of China's needsChina's second biggest state oil firm
a $70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran, which already supplies 13 per cent of China's needssigned China's second biggest state oil firm
China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter.
its own reserves of oil and natural gas has China
has China its own reserves of oil and natural gas
China its own reserves of oil and natural gas has
But as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades, so has its demand for energy.
its demand for energyhas
has its demand for energy
This year it overtook Japan as the world's second largest consumer of energy, behind the US.
as the world's second largest consumer of energy, behind the USJapan overtook it This year
it This year as the world's second largest consumer of energy, behind the USJapan overtook
overtook Japan This year as the world's second largest consumer of energy, behind the USit
Its projected demand, boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation, has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year.
to the surge in the price of oil this yearIts projected demand, boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generationcontributed
Its projected demand, boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generationcontributed to the surge in the price of oil this year
to the surge in the price of oil this yearcontributed Its projected demand, boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation
Shortages are already leading to power cuts in the big cities.
to power cuts Shortages in the big citiesleading
in the big citiesShortages to power cuts leading
Shortages leading to power cuts in the big cities
Since President Hu ordered state-owned oil firms to "go abroad" to ensure supply, they have begun drilling for gas in the East China Sea, just west of the line that Japan regards as its border.
they begun
begun they
Japan protested, to no avail, that the project should be a joint one.
to no availprotestedJapan
Japan protestedto no avail
Japan to no availprotested
The two are also set to clash over Russia's oil wealth.
are also set The two
The two are also set
China is furious that Japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia intends to build to the Far East.
China is furious
is furious China
Japan favoured a route to the sea, enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China.
favoured Japan a route to the sea
Japan favoured a route to the sea
favoured a route to the seaJapan
China wanted an overland route through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke out.
an overland route through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke outChina wanted
an overland route through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke outwanted China
China an overland route through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke outwanted
Increasingly, analysts are saying that China's efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests.
saying analysts
analysts saying
Claude Mandil, the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris, said the reserves in the East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble.
Claude Mandil, the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Parissaid
said Claude Mandil, the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris
"Nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world," he said.
he said
saidhe
"It may be a difficult political issue but I don't think the energy content is worthwhile."
It be a difficult political issue
be a difficult political issue It
Eurasia Group, a New York-based firm of political analysts, said its oil experts worked out that China was paying such an inflated price for its investment in Brazil that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times the market price.
said Eurasia Group, a New York-based firm of political analysts
Eurasia Group, a New York-based firm of political analystssaid
"If China's economy falters, which, in my view, appears increasingly likely, then commodity prices will plummet, and with them, the value of the assets that produce them," Jason Kindopp, Eurasia's lead China analyst, said.
Jason Kindopp, Eurasia's lead China analystsaid
saidJason Kindopp, Eurasia's lead China analyst
"Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them."
end up Beijing in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them
end up in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for themBeijing
in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for themBeijing end up
China's wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat to its international standing in the next decade.
China's wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat
was the greatest threat China's wider aggression to secure oil and gas
"Sudan is the primary example," he said.
he said
saidhe
"It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain."
the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great BritainIt marks
It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain
the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britainmarks It
Email: dharmad...@gmail.com
Visualizations as a helpful beginning technique
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence, try the following before moving onto the more formal method below.
the following try
try the following
Visualisations can be as useful tools, but meditation is more than that.
as useful toolsVisualisations
Visualisations as useful tools
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation.
Meditation has
has Meditation
It is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the MP3 file that follows after the visualisations.
Find a comfortable place on the floor and sit with your legs crossed.
a comfortable place on the floor Find
Find a comfortable place on the floor
Place your hands one on top of the other in your lap, keep your back straight, keep eyes closed and keep tongue on the roof of your mouth.
in your lapyour hands Place
Place in your lapyour hands
Place your hands in your lap
Your breathing should be calm and relaxed, through the nose.
Your breathing through the nosebe calm
be calm Your breathing through the nose
be calm through the noseYour breathing
Spend a minute or so concentrating on your breath, feeling the air flowing through your nostrils.
a minute or so Spend
Spend a minute or so
1. Warm Sun Visualization
Continue to breathe slowly and deeply.
With each breath, feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter, and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness.
With each breathfeel
feel With each breath
Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally.
the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturallyImagine
Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally
Picture yourself sitting on a warm, tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ... .
Picture yourself sitting on a warm, tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun
yourself sitting on a warm, tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun Picture
Visualize the vivid, beautiful colours of the earth (its flowers and plants), the sea next to you, and the sky above you.
Visualize the vivid, beautiful colours of the earth (its flowers and plants), the sea next to you, and the sky above you
the vivid, beautiful colours of the earth (its flowers and plants), the sea next to you, and the sky above youVisualize
Feel yourself floating above the earth and sea.
Feel yourself
yourself Feel
As you sit above the world, the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer.
the warmth of the golden sun your body penetrates
your body penetrates the warmth of the golden sun
penetrates the warmth of the golden sun your body
It surrounds you.
youIt surrounds
It surrounds you
surrounds It you
The golden rays feel soft and soothing.
feel The golden rays
The golden rays feel
Now you are far above the earth - into space.
into spaceabove the earth you
into spaceyou above the earth
above the earth into spaceyou
Everything around you is so vast.
is so vastEverything around you
Everything around you is so vast
Yet, there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness.
warmth and a familiarity with the vastnessis
is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness
You want to merge your mind with the greater universal Mind that surrounds you.
You want
want You
Continue to ideate on this intense desire for your mind to merge with the that universal Consciousness.
And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra (breathe in with Baba Nam, breathe out with Kevalam).
Try this for 5 to 10 minutes.
for 5 to 10 minutesTry this
Try for 5 to 10 minutesthis
Try this for 5 to 10 minutes
Now come back to earth again - slowly.
Imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully.
Imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully
yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfullyImagine
Your muscles are loose and limp.
Your muscles are loose
are loose Your muscles
Feel your body sinking slightly into the sand making that earthly connection again.
your body sinking slightly into the sand making that earthly connection againFeel
Feel your body sinking slightly into the sand making that earthly connection again
The sun's rays and warmth are still with you, surrounding you.
with youThe sun's rays and warmth
The sun's rays and warmth with you
You are in a state of peace and relaxation.
You in a state
in a state You
With each breath, watch your body and ensure that it remains relaxed - at peace.
watch With each breathyour body
your body watch With each breath
your body With each breathwatch
Continue to feel the warmth of the sunlight all over your body, warming you deeply and gently.
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind.
You want
want You
This will be the warmth of the sun - a close reminder and link between earth and the infinite space.
This be the warmth
be the warmth This
Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light, absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun.
Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light, absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun
the inside of your body bathed in the golden light, absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sunVisualize
A warm, gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .
A warm, gentle breeze around your body swirls
A warm, gentle breeze swirls around your body
around your body A warm, gentle breeze swirls
Let your mind and body be totally at peace.
Let your mind and body
your mind and body Let
Now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a little, stretch them.
yourself returning to where you sit feel
feel yourself returning to where you sit
Open your eyes.
your eyesOpen
Open your eyes
2. Mountain Visualization
Another thing you can try.
Imagine you're sitting on top of a mountain, and that it's the most peaceful place you can think of.
Feel that you're sitting there in complete peace, right on top of the world.
Now imagine that infinite happiness is surrounding you in every direction.
Feel you're completely surrounded by that infinite peace and happiness.
Now start to repeat within your mind the mantra: BABA NAM KEVALAM.
Its meaning is "Infinite happiness is everywhere".
is Its meaning
Its meaning is
Feel the meaning, don't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit (BABA NAM KEVALAM) to an English meaning (Infinite peace and happiness).
the meaningFeel
Feel the meaning
Think internally, intuitively, not by words, of the meaning, as you're repeating it.
of the meaningnot by wordsThink
Think of the meaningnot by words
not by wordsof the meaningThink
This is called ideation.
called This
This called
It is important to take the idea, not just the intellectual analysis.
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process.
Whereas, trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process.
Feel you're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness, and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you.
You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness, a dot in the Infinite Consciousness, is merging with Infinity.
You go
go You
Continue for as long as you like, then open your eyes.
for as long as you likeContinue
Continue for as long as you like
OK that is fairly basic :).
that is fairly basic
is fairly basic that
The important point is to develop some psycho-spiritual connection between your mind and the universal Consciousness or Supreme Consciousness.
The important point is
is The important point
Don't worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that's normal.
It takes some time and practice to be able to focus on the one thought.
takes some time and practice
some time and practice takes
The main thing is to keep practicing.
is The main thing
The main thing is
If you don't practice, then nothing happens.
nothing happens
happensnothing
Well maybe a miracle could happen, but lets face it we're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques!
a miracle happen
happena miracle
NORTH CAROLINA RELIGIOUS COALITION FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY
From what we hear from the news media, one could easily conclude that all Christians are opposed to gay marriage.
From what we hear from the news mediaconclude one
From what we hear from the news mediaone conclude
conclude From what we hear from the news mediaone
But that’s not the case.
’s not the casethat
that’s not the case
Last year an organization named the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality was formed to get out the message that at least some people of faith are not opposed to extending the rights and responsibilities of civil marriage to same-gender couples.
an organization named the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality Last year formed
formed Last year an organization named the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality
an organization named the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality formed Last year
One of “NCRC4ME’s” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “Declaration of Religious Leaders,” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature.
One of “NCRC4ME’s” major efforts is
is One of “NCRC4ME’s” major efforts
It presents the case for marriage equality and states, “We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.”
presents the case for marriage equality It
It presents the case for marriage equality
the case for marriage equality It presents
A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session, so there is a real need for visible support for the “pro-same-gender-marriage” side of this issue.
A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage defeated last year
last year defeated A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage
last year A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage defeated
At its February meeting the CHS Vestry voted unanimously to add their names to the Declaration.
At its February meeting voted the CHS Vestry
At its February meeting the CHS Vestry voted
voted the CHS Vestry At its February meeting
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration.
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare the Declarationsigned
signed the DeclarationOur Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare
the DeclarationOur Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare signed
Furthermore, the Vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the CHS congregation for the Declaration.
voted the Vestry
the Vestry voted
(Since the Declaration is written as coming from “religious leaders,” people who don’t consider themselves “religious leaders” can sign as “Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality.”)
as “Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equalitypeople who don’t consider themselves “religious leaders” sign
sign as “Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equalitypeople who don’t consider themselves “religious leaders”
as “Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equalitysign people who don’t consider themselves “religious leaders”
Please note that the Declaration addresses only civil marriage; it says nothing about religious beliefs or practices regarding marriage.
If you have any questions please feel free to call me (after Sat. the 26th, when I will return from a trip).
Sign-up lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6, or you can email me.
at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6Sign-up lists be available
be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6Sign-up lists
at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6be available Sign-up lists
I will email names and email addresses (or postal addresses) of signers to NCRC4ME in time for their “lobby day” in Raleigh on March 15.
email names and email addresses (or postal addresses) of signers I in time for their “lobby day” in Raleigh on March 15to NCRC4ME
in time for their “lobby day” in Raleigh on March 15to NCRC4ME email I names and email addresses (or postal addresses) of signers
to NCRC4ME names and email addresses (or postal addresses) of signers email in time for their “lobby day” in Raleigh on March 15I
Thank you for your consideration of this issue.
you for your consideration of this issueThank
you Thank for your consideration of this issue
Thank you for your consideration of this issue
For the Church of the Holy Spirit Vestry,
Dudley Cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com
North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality Declaration of Religious Leaders April 19, 2004
The most fundamental human right, after the necessities of food, clothing and shelter, is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings.
The most fundamental human right, after the necessities of food, clothing and shelteris the right
is the right The most fundamental human right, after the necessities of food, clothing and shelter
We become most fully human when we love another person.
become We
We become
We can grow in our capacity to be human - to be loving - in a family unit.
grow in a family unitin our capacity to be human - to be loving We
grow in our capacity to be human - to be loving in a family unitWe
grow We in a family unitin our capacity to be human - to be loving
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to "secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.”
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental
is so fundamental This right to love and form a family
The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the “inalienable rights” of human beings to "life, liberty, the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor, and the pursuit of happiness."
the “inalienable rights” of human beings to "life, liberty, the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor, and the pursuit of happinessaffirms The North Carolina Constitution
The North Carolina Constitution the “inalienable rights” of human beings to "life, liberty, the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor, and the pursuit of happinessaffirms
The North Carolina Constitution affirms the “inalienable rights” of human beings to "life, liberty, the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor, and the pursuit of happiness
Throughout history, tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families, they can kill the spirit of those peoples.
Throughout historyknown tyrants
tyrants known Throughout history
known tyrants Throughout history
>From the shameful history of slavery in America, the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right.
is evident as a denial of a basic human rightFrom the shameful history of slavery in Americathe injustice of forbidding people to marry
From the shameful history of slavery in Americathe injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right
as a denial of a basic human rightthe injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident From the shameful history of slavery in America
The American laws forbidding interracial marriage, now struck down, were clearly discriminatory.
were clearly discriminatoryThe American laws forbidding interracial marriage, now struck down
The American laws forbidding interracial marriage, now struck downwere clearly discriminatory
Denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities and social injustice.
legal and economic inequities and social injusticecreates Denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities
creates Denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities legal and economic inequities and social injustice
legal and economic inequities and social injusticeDenial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities creates
We feel called to protest and oppose this injustice.
feel We
We feel
As religious people, clergy and lay leaders, we are mandated by faith to stand for justice in our common civic life.
mandated As religious people, clergy and lay leaderswe by faith
we As religious people, clergy and lay leadersby faith mandated
mandated we As religious people, clergy and lay leadersby faith
We oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same-gender couples.
oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same-gender couplesWe
the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same-gender couplesoppose We
We the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same-gender couplesoppose
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry.
As concerned citizens affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marrywe
the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marryAs concerned citizens affirm we
affirm As concerned citizens the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marrywe
We insist that no one, especially the state, is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults, whether of the same or differing genders, from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving, thus more fully human.
insist We
We insist
We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical issues involved.
the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical issues involvedrespect We
the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical issues involvedWe respect
We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical issues involved
However, we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction.
we draw on our many faith traditions
draw on our many faith traditions we
draw we on our many faith traditions
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.
resolved We
We resolved
We affirm freedom of conscience in this matter.
in this matterfreedom of conscience affirm We
in this matteraffirm We freedom of conscience
affirm We freedom of conscience in this matter
We recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at, or bless, same-gender marriages.
We recognize
recognize We
Likewise, a denial of state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at, and bless, same-gender marriages.
dishonors the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at, and bless, same-gender marriagesa denial of state civil recognition
the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at, and bless, same-gender marriagesa denial of state civil recognition dishonors
the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at, and bless, same-gender marriagesdishonors a denial of state civil recognition
The state may not favor the convictions of one religious group over another by denying individuals their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages recognized by civil law.
The state favor over another the convictions of one religious group
over another The state favor the convictions of one religious group
The state the convictions of one religious group over another favor
As faith leaders, we commit ourselves to public action, visibility, education, and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry.
we ourselves As faith leaderscommit to public action, visibility, education, and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry
commit to public action, visibility, education, and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marrywe As faith leadersourselves
we commit to public action, visibility, education, and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marryAs faith leadersourselves
Tom Dempsey Gulf Breeze, FL 850-748-0740
Email: Bill McGinnis <bmc...@patriot.net>
The One Reason Why All Americans Should Oppose The Nomination Of Samuel Alito
He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power To The President
He Our System Of Checks And BalancesTear Down
Our System Of Checks And BalancesTear Down He
Our System Of Checks And BalancesHe Tear Down
My Fellow Americans:
As many of you may have heard, President Bush has nominated a long-time Federal Judge named Samuel Alito to become the next member of the United States Supreme Court, to fill a vacancy created by the retirement of another member of the Court.
President Bush nominated a long-time Federal Judge named Samuel Alito
nominated a long-time Federal Judge named Samuel Alito President Bush
nominated President Bush a long-time Federal Judge named Samuel Alito
Under our Constitution, this nomination cannot take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent, as described in our Constitution, Article II, Section 2.
take this nomination effect Under our Constitution
take Under our Constitutioneffect this nomination
this nomination effect take Under our Constitution
A copy of the Constitution, with links back to the official source, is located at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt
located A copy of the Constitution, with links back to the official sourceat http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt
A copy of the Constitution, with links back to the official sourceat http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt located
at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt A copy of the Constitution, with links back to the official sourcelocated
Judge Samuel Alito is very highly qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this position:
is very highly qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this positionJudge Samuel Alito
Judge Samuel Alito by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this positionis very highly qualified
by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this positionis very highly qualified Judge Samuel Alito
He has a very high intellect.
He a very high intellecthas
has He a very high intellect
a very high intellectHe has
He graduated very high in his class, from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale.
He in his classgraduated from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale
He from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yalein his classgraduated
from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yalegraduated in his classHe
He has a long and distinguished record, including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge, the next level below Supreme Court.
has He a long and distinguished record, including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge, the next level below Supreme Court
He a long and distinguished record, including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge, the next level below Supreme Courthas
has a long and distinguished record, including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge, the next level below Supreme CourtHe
He has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different Supreme Court cases, and he can recite details from memory.
He has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different Supreme Court cases
has He encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different Supreme Court cases
encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different Supreme Court casesHe has
He demonstrates an excellent "Judicial Temperament," being courteous, mild-mannered, respectful of all people; careful in his work, meticulous in detail.
demonstrates He an excellent "Judicial Temperament
an excellent "Judicial TemperamentHe demonstrates
demonstrates an excellent "Judicial TemperamentHe
His co-workers love him.
himHis co-workers love
love himHis co-workers
His co-workers love him
His fellow judges love him.
himlove His fellow judges
himHis fellow judges love
His fellow judges love him
His family loves him.
himHis family loves
His family himloves
loves himHis family
President Bush loves him.
himPresident Bush loves
loves President Bush him
President Bush loves him
Yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court.
it is true
is true it
But other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him.
other people the way they think he will votelike
like the way they think he will voteother people
other people like the way they think he will vote
So now the Senate is getting ready to vote soon, on whether to approve him or not; and at this moment (evening of Jan. 27, 2006) it looks like he has more than the fifty-one votes needed for approval.
getting the Senate
the Senate getting
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote, because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court, to be judging the cases Bush is interested in.
The President is very eager
is very eager The President
So there is a lot of hurry-up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval.
is a lot of hurry-up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval
a lot of hurry-up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approvalis
There is an old saying that applies in this situation: "Act in haste, repent at leisure."
is an old saying that applies in this situation
an old saying that applies in this situationis
Sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly, then regret it for many years to come.
you make a bad decision
a bad decision make you
make a bad decision you
That is what is about to happen with Judge Samuel Alito, in my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Court Justice: He does not really agree with the system of "Checks and Balances" built into the Constitution, and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the "Unitary Executive Theory," which calls for vastly-increased Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court.
That in my opinionis what
That is what in my opinion
is what in my opinionThat
And because of this tragic flaw . . .
"He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power To The President."
Our System Of Checks And BalancesTear Down He
Tear Down He Our System Of Checks And Balances
Our System Of Checks And BalancesHe Tear Down
In our Constitutional system, we have three branches of the Federal Government: the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches.
In our Constitutional systemthree branches of the Federal Government: the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial brancheshave we
we have In our Constitutional systemthree branches of the Federal Government: the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches
we have three branches of the Federal Government: the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branchesIn our Constitutional system
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down.
the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is
is the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have
But Samuel Alito believes in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the President.
Samuel Alito believes in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the President
believes Samuel Alito in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the President
believes in a little-known Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the Constitution to Congress, not to the PresidentSamuel Alito
The Military is not part of the Executive Branch: it is a separate entity.
is not part The Military
The Military is not part
"Commander In Chief" doesn't mean that he is the boss of the Military, merely mean that he is the Administrator, just as he is the Administrator of the Executive Branch, charged with "executing faithfully" all the laws passed by Congress and all the Decisions rendered by the Supreme Court.
"Commander In Chief" mean
mean "Commander In Chief"
Under the Unitary Executive Theory, the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agrees with them.
Under the Unitary Executive Theorythe Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court no actual authority have
the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have Under the Unitary Executive Theoryno actual authority
the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority Under the Unitary Executive Theory
And so Congress and the Supreme Court become mere advisors to the President, with no real authority over him.
Congress and the Supreme Court become
become Congress and the Supreme Court
And the President becomes a Dictator, unrestrained by anything in the Constitution, backed up by the Armed Forces, which would be entirely under his personal control.
becomes the President
the President becomes
And thus the United States of America - The Land Of The Free And The Home Of The Brave - becomes just another Military Dictatorship, no better than Nazi Germany or Fascist Italy during World War II.
the United States of America - The Land Of The Free And The Home Of The Brave becomes
becomes the United States of America - The Land Of The Free And The Home Of The Brave
AND THAT IS WHY ALL AMERICANS SHOULD OPPOSE THE NOMINATION OF SAMUEL ALITO.
THAT IS WHY
IS WHY THAT
For details and further proof, please see these websites:
see these websitesFor details and further proof
For details and further proofthese websitessee
see For details and further proofthese websites
Testimony at http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905
Descriptions and Links at http://www.UnitaryExecutive.net
Blessings to you.
May God help us all.
God us allhelp
us allGod help
God help us all
And may God bless America!
God Americabless
Americabless God
bless AmericaGod
Rev. Bill McGinnis, Director http://www.LoveAllPeople.org and http://www.InternetchurchOfChrist.org
Copies of this message are located below.
Copies of this message located
located Copies of this message
If you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them.
to everyone you know who needs to read themthem send
them send to everyone you know who needs to read them
them to everyone you know who needs to read themsend
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt
CONTACT William McGinnis (Rev. Bill McGinnis) 1908 Mt Vernon Ave #2543 Alexandria, VA 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
NASA & Company Diplomacy - Trying to keep Moon Landing Hoax a secret in modern times
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath.
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries mentioned
mentioned Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries
Country has an Independent strategy = NASA & company to use "Numero Uno" strategy, try to assert, beat, mesh and control the space program of the country.
Country an Independent strategy has
has Country an Independent strategy
has an Independent strategy Country
This can also be through political, economical, social, and technological influence.
through political, economical, social, and technological influenceThis
This through political, economical, social, and technological influence
Country not open or not have fixed strategy = NASA & Company to use "freeze thawed" strategy especially when the country has a challenging, growing and ambitious space program.
open Country
Country open
This can also be through political, economical, social, and technological influence.
This through political, economical, social, and technological influence
through political, economical, social, and technological influenceThis
Dependant = NASA & Company to use "space station" model to unify the aims of different countries.
This is really an end goal aim of NASA & Company and also does not allow anyone challenging the moon landing hoax.
The target for NASA & Company probably to get by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model, through the propaganda of another moon mission; deliberately failing this or trying hard for another moon landing hoax; achieving the real aim of space unity between space programs of other countries.
China launches its second manned spaceflight mission
China its second manned spaceflight mission launches
launches its second manned spaceflight mission China
its second manned spaceflight mission launches China
Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the program's goals
outsiders in the dark about the program's goals keep Secretive efforts
Secretive efforts in the dark about the program's goals outsiders keep
outsiders keep Secretive efforts in the dark about the program's goals
By MARK CARREAU
Copyright 2005 Houston Chronicle
China launched Shenzhou VI, its second manned spacecraft, early today in northwest China's Gansu Province.
launched early today in northwest China's Gansu ProvinceChina Shenzhou VI, its second manned spacecraft
in northwest China's Gansu Provinceearly today China Shenzhou VI, its second manned spacecraftlaunched
launched China early today in northwest China's Gansu ProvinceShenzhou VI, its second manned spacecraft
A pair of military pilots embarked on China's second manned space flight early today, hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days.
embarked early todayA pair of military pilots on China's second manned space flight
early todayembarked A pair of military pilots on China's second manned space flight
embarked on China's second manned space flight A pair of military pilots early today
The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as Fei Junlong, 40, and Nie Haishen, 41, by China's official news agency.
as Fei Junlong, 40, and Nie Haishen, 41identified by China's official news agencyThe crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft
by China's official news agencyThe crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft as Fei Junlong, 40, and Nie Haishen, 41identified
identified as Fei Junlong, 40, and Nie Haishen, 41by China's official news agencyThe crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft
The successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China follows the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003.
follows The successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003
the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003follows The successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China
follows the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003The successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China
His one-day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space.
into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in spacevaulted his communist homeland His one-day mission
his communist homeland His one-day mission into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in spacevaulted
vaulted into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in spaceHis one-day mission his communist homeland
Most experts believe China intends to develop a small space station of its own over the next several years.
believe Most experts
Most experts believe
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort.
they remain
remain they
President Bush has directed NASA to return to the moon by 2018 with a new generation of human explorers.
President Bush directed NASA
President Bush NASA directed
directed NASA President Bush
China's "is not a fly-by-night program," said Joan Johnson-Freese, an expert on national security who follows space developments in the Asian nation at the Naval War College in Newport, R.I.
said Joan Johnson-Freese, an expert on national security who follows space developments in the Asian nation at the Naval War College in Newport, R.I
Joan Johnson-Freese, an expert on national security who follows space developments in the Asian nation at the Naval War College in Newport, R.Isaid
"They are not in any hurry.
in any hurryThey
They in any hurry
They want a program that will be a success," Johnson-Freese said.
saidJohnson-Freese
Johnson-Freese said
"They are not going to rush it, because they don't want it to be a budget buster.
They going
going They
Economics will be a big determiner in the speed of their program."
be a big determiner Economics
Economics be a big determiner
China's overtures to join the U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues, including the Asian country's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat.
for more than a decade China's overtures to join the U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station thwarted over a range of issues, including the Asian country's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat
thwarted China's overtures to join the U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station over a range of issues, including the Asian country's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threatfor more than a decade
thwarted for more than a decade China's overtures to join the U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station over a range of issues, including the Asian country's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat
The freeze thawed some after Yang's 2003 mission.
thawed after Yang's 2003 missionThe freeze
after Yang's 2003 missionThe freeze thawed
thawed The freeze after Yang's 2003 mission
China was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate to NASA-sponsored roundtable discussions on Bush's strategy to reach the moon with astronauts as the first step in the exploration of Mars and other-deep space destinations.
China among 30 nations
among 30 nations China
"We applaud China's space achievements," NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday.
NASA spokesman Allard Beutel Tuesdaysaid
said NASA spokesman Allard Beutel Tuesday
NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday
"We wish them a successful return of their astronauts."
wish them We a successful return of their astronauts
wish a successful return of their astronautsthem We
them We wish a successful return of their astronauts
He stressed, however, that NASA would not follow this week's Chinese mission through formal channels.
stressedHe
He stressed
At present, there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to join the space station partnership, Beutel said.
saidBeutel
Beutel said
The flight of Fei and Nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three-phase Chinese space initiative, Johnson-Freese said.
saidJohnson-Freese
Johnson-Freese said
The first phase, she said, will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth.
demonstrate The first phasethe capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth
demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to EarthThe first phase
The first phasedemonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth
The Chinese program's second phase will include spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques.
include The Chinese program's second phase spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques
spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniquesThe Chinese program's second phase include
spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniquesinclude The Chinese program's second phase
The final phase will feature the assembly and operation of a longer-duration space lab.
The final phase feature the assembly and operation of a longer-duration space lab
The final phase the assembly and operation of a longer-duration space labfeature
the assembly and operation of a longer-duration space labThe final phase feature
At least one expert believes China's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA's planned lunar return.
believes At least one expert
At least one expert believes
"The Americans would be wise to plan accordingly," said John E. Pike, director of the Alexandria, Va.-based GlobalSecurity.org, a small national security think tank.
John E. Pike, director of the Alexandria, Va.-based GlobalSecurity.org, a small national security think tanksaid
said John E. Pike, director of the Alexandria, Va.-based GlobalSecurity.org, a small national security think tank
"There is always the possibility they could jam us up, make us look like we are not numero uno," Pike said.
Pike said
saidPike
During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War, NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays.
an early coup scored During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold WarNASA
scored During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold WarNASA an early coup
NASA During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold Warscored an early coup
As it turned out, the Soviets never made it to the moon.
it the Soviets made to the moon
it the Soviets to the moonmade
to the moonthe Soviets it made
"(China) could be the second country to do that," Pike said.
Pike said
saidPike
"They would get in line in front of the Russians.
They in front of the Russiansget in line
in line in front of the RussiansThey get
get in front of the RussiansThey in line
And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch."
they have
have they
Pike's concern is based on China's development of a new medium-lift rocket, the Long March V, and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea.
on China's development Pike's concern
Pike's concern on China's development
The two developments, he said, could eventually enable China's space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from Earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home.
China's space program enable The two developments
enable The two developmentsChina's space program
The two developmentsenable China's space program
Email: "righter"<righ...@sonic.net>
Groups: alt.animals.rights.promotion, alt.animals, alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, alt.animals.lion, alt.animals.tiger, alt.animals.felines.diseases, alt.animals.dog, alt.animals.horses.breeding, alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
I'm a member of a local animal rights news, and get regular emails from other members and the staff.
I'm a member
'm a member I
Recently, I read an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes.
an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumesread I
read I an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes
I read an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes
The animals eventually die, which is because these demons are so GREEDY, they want as much of their "product" as they can get, instead of letting the cats go after a point, as an act of humanity, mercy, love.
The animals die
dieThe animals
Below I pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created.
the email textpasted I
the email textI pasted
I pasted the email text
It has cat's "Meowing" for the vocals, and you might really find yourself in those furnaces, feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die.
It cat's "Meowing" has for the vocals
cat's "Meowing" for the vocalshas It
cat's "Meowing" It for the vocalshas
Right now, while we're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet, those innocent, beautiful, loving cats, are dying, somewhere in this troubled world a slow, agonizing death.
those innocent, beautiful, loving catsa slow, agonizing deathdying
dyinga slow, agonizing deaththose innocent, beautiful, loving cats
a slow, agonizing deathdyingthose innocent, beautiful, loving cats
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust.
The main reason I wrote this post is
is The main reason I wrote this post
I am serious about doing something.
I am serious
am serious I
If I love cats so much, why aren't I DOING something???
somethingI DOING
somethingDOING I
DOING I something
I don't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I didn't do anything like this in my life.
want I
I want
Any suggestions would be appreciated.
Any suggestions appreciated
appreciatedAny suggestions
Here's the text of the email:
the text of the emailHere's
Here's the text of the email
Hi there,
I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my Mom emailed me about it, I re-read it, and went to the website with the song the author of the email created.
I the Civet Cat story from a little while agoread
the Civet Cat story from a little while agoread I
I read the Civet Cat story from a little while ago
Well, sure enough, when I heard the cats "Meowing," I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that I want to do something about this torture.
the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little mindsimagined I
I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds
imagined I the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds
So, if anyone can give me some advice, I'd sure appreciate it!
Iappreciate it
Iitappreciate
appreciate Iit
I think for starters, myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them.
think I for starters
think for startersI
for startersI think
I will.
I will
willI
I've pasted the email for those who haven't seen or would like to re-read it.
pasted for those who haven't seen or would like to re-read itIthe email
for those who haven't seen or would like to re-read itthe email Ipasted
for those who haven't seen or would like to re-read itIpasted the email
It's also got the website where the song has been uploaded.
got Itthe website where the song has been uploaded
got the website where the song has been uploadedIt
the website where the song has been uploadedItgot
I was thinking, that while I'm sitting here, relaxing and enjoying myself, those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those Holocaust-esque death chambers.
I thinking
thinkingI
And what am I DOING about it?
I about itwhat DOING
DOING what about itI
about itDOING I what
From: Travis Job <t...@sonic.net>
Date: Thu, 11 Mar 2004 02:39:27 -0800
To: SPAR <s...@sonic.net>
Subject: Civet Cats, James Rachels + a song
This is my first time posting to the list, so I feel somewhat embarrassed by "promoting" a song I wrote, but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed.
is my first time This
This is my first time
I'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats, but to brief those who might not know, I will quote James Rachels, author of World Hunger and Moral Obligation among many other animal rights-related books and articles.
'm not sure I
I'm not sure
(I kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals).
see him I
him see I
I him see
The quote is from an article entitled "Vegetarianism and `The Other Weight Problem'"
The quote from an article
from an article The quote
If anyone wants the complete article, email me, as it is a very good article which no meat-eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy.
meemail
email me
But this is what he says about civet cats:
this is what
is what this
"As an example, consider the treatment of the civet cat, a highly intelligent and sociable animal.
As an examplethe treatment of the civet cat, a highly intelligent and sociable animalconsider
consider As an examplethe treatment of the civet cat, a highly intelligent and sociable animal
consider the treatment of the civet cat, a highly intelligent and sociable animalAs an example
Civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds, where the temperature is kept up to 110 F by fires.
Civet cats trapped
trapped Civet cats
They are confined in this way until they finally die.
They in this way confined
confined They in this way
They confined in this way
What justifies this extraordinary mistreatment?
this extraordinary mistreatmentjustifies What
justifies What this extraordinary mistreatment
What this extraordinary mistreatmentjustifies
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume.
the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfumehave These animals
These animals the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfumehave
the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfumeThese animals have
Musk, which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive, makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application.
makes Musk, which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive
Musk, which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ivemakes
(The heat increases their "production" of musk.)
The heat increases their "production" of musk
increases their "production" of muskThe heat
The heat their "production" of muskincreases
Here Kant's rule--"Animals are merely means to an end; that end is man"--is applied with a vengeance.
applied with a vengeanceKant's rule--"Animals are merely means to an end; that end is man"
with a vengeanceapplied Kant's rule--"Animals are merely means to an end; that end is man"
Kant's rule--"Animals are merely means to an end; that end is man"with a vengeanceapplied
To promote one of the most trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives."
thousands of animals tormented for their whole lives
tormented thousands of animals for their whole lives
for their whole livestormented thousands of animals
This article, and specifically this piece, effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic.
me effected This article, and specifically this piece
This article, and specifically this pieceeffected me
effected This article, and specifically this pieceme
If anyone is interested in listening to this song, and in offering their opinion, whether it be positive or negative, I'd appreciate it.
appreciate itI
itIappreciate
Iitappreciate
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download, especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine (28k).
hope I
I hope
The url for the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/TragiCore-TheCivetCat.mp3
is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/TragiCore-TheCivetCat.mp3 The url for the song
The url for the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/TragiCore-TheCivetCat.mp3
Although there are no human vocals/lyrics, I think it's subject matter is audible.
I think
think I
Again, if anyone wants to read Rachels' entire article, let me know.
let me
me let
It's also on the net.
on the netIt
Iton the net
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago, but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan.
was already a vegetarian I
I was already a vegetarian
I hope all are well.
I hope
hope I
Farewell for now...
Farewell for now
for nowFarewell
Travis Job
icq uin: 5249025
"Note to Wigner: Do you think your friend could feed my cat?
Heisenberg wasn't sure.
Heisenberg wasn't sure
wasn't sureHeisenberg
Thanks,
--Shrodinger"
.: GO VEGAN :.
MAKE THOUSANDS!!! --
THOUSANDSMAKE
MAKE THOUSANDS
THIS IS NOT A SCAM!!!
THIS IS NOT A SCAM
IS NOT A SCAMTHIS
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: I don't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says.
found I on a bulletin board this
I this on a bulletin board found
this found on a bulletin board I
All I say is, it works.
isAll I say
All I say is
Continue pre-fab crap.
Continue pre-fab crap
pre-fab crapContinue
WELL GUESS WHAT!!!
GUESS WHAT
WHATGUESS
Within seven days, I started getting money in the mail!!
I started Within seven days
Within seven daysstarted I
started I Within seven days
I was shocked!!
was shockedI
I was shocked
I figured it would end soon, but the money just kept coming in.
figured I
I figured
In my first week, I made about $25.00.
about $25.00I made In my first week
In my first weekmade I about $25.00
In my first weekmade about $25.00I
By the end of the second week I had made a total of more than $1000.00!!
I By the end of the second week made a total of more than $1000.00
By the end of the second week a total of more than $1000.00made I
made I a total of more than $1000.00By the end of the second week
In the third week I had more than $10,000.00 and it's still growing!!
I more than $10,000.00 In the third week had
more than $10,000.00 I had In the third week
I had more than $10,000.00 In the third week
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $42,000.00 and it's still coming rapidly.
This is now my fourth week
is now my fourth week This
It's certainly worth $6.00 and six stamps, and I have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning!!!
worth $It
Itworth $
Let me tell you how this works and most important, why it works..........
me Let
Let me
also make sure you print this out NOW, so you can get the information off of it, as you will need it.
I promise you that if you follow the directions exactly that you will start making more money than you thought possible by doing something so easy!!
you I promise
promise you I
I you promise
Suggestion: Read this entire message carefully!!
(Print it out or download it)
Follow the simple directions and watch the money come in!!
Follow the simple directions
the simple directions Follow
It's easy.
's easyIt
It's easy
It's legal.
It's legal
's legalIt
And, your investment is only $6.00 (Plus postage) !!!
is only $your investment
your investment is only $
IMPORTANT:
This is not a rip-off, it is decent; it's legal; and it is virtually no risk - it really works!!
rip-offThis
This rip-off
If all the following instructions are adhered to, you will receive extraordinary dividends.
extraordinary dividendsreceive you
extraordinary dividendsyou receive
receive you extraordinary dividends
PLEASE NOTE:
Please follow the directions EXACTLY, and $50,000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days.
follow the directions
the directions follow
This program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants.
remains This program
This program remains
Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions.
continue its success
its success continue
You will now become apart of the Mail Order business.
become You
You become
You are in the business of developing Mailing Lists.
You in the business
in the business You
Many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists.
Many large corporations are happy
are happy Many large corporations
However, the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list.
to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that listthe money made from the mailing lists is secondary
the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list
is secondary the money made from the mailing lists to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list
Here are the four easy steps to success.
the four easy steps to successHere are
Here are the four easy steps to success
STEP ONE:
Get six separate pieces of paper and write the following on each piece of paper "PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST."
Get six separate pieces of paper
six separate pieces of paper Get
Now get 6 U.S. $1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope (to prevent thievery).
6 U.S. $1.00 bills get
get 6 U.S. $1.00 bills
Next, place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them.
in each of the six envelopes one paper place
place one paper in each of the six envelopes
place in each of the six envelopes one paper
You now should have six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00 bill.
You six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00 billhave
have six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00 billYou
have You six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00 bill
What you are doing is creating a service.
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL!!!!!
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL
IS ABSOLUTELY LEGALTHIS
You are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying for it!!
requesting You a legitimate service
You a legitimate service requesting
a legitimate service requesting You
Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all.
So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office (1-800-238-5355) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal!!
Mail the six envelopes to the following addresses:
to the following addressesMail the six envelopes
Mail to the following addressesthe six envelopes
Mail the six envelopes to the following addresses
1) G. Burrows 1/264 Tor St Toowoomba QLD 4350 Australia
2)S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove, CA 92842 USA
3) G.V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St, #1 Brooklyn, NY 11222 USA
4)R. Ansems Gen. Foulkesstraat 5 4641 BW Ossendrecht Netherlands
5)W. Brumbley 4632 Hilton Ave Suite # 31 Columbus, Ohio 43228
STEP TWO:Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the other names up (six becomes 5, 5 becomes 4, and etc.) and add YOUR NAME as number 6 on the list.
STEP THREE:
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible.
Change anything you need to
anything you need to Change
Now post your amended article to at least 200 news groups. :
to at least 200 news groupspost your amended article
to at least 200 news groupsyour amended article post
your amended article to at least 200 news groupspost
(I think there are close to 24,000 groups)
I think
think I
All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make!!
All you need is 200
is 200All you need
This is perfectly legal!!
is perfectly legalThis
This is perfectly legal
If you have any doubts, refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws.
to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery lawsrefer
refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws
Keep a copy of these steps for yourself and whenever you need money, you can use it again, and again.
Keep a copy of these steps for yourself
a copy of these steps for yourself Keep
PLEASE REMEMBER that this program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants and by their carefully adhering to directions.
Look at it this way.
Look at it this way
at it Look this way
this wayat it Look
If you were of integrity, the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way.
the program continue
continue the program
NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you.
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service.
This VERIFIES
VERIFIES This
(Also, it might be a good idea to wrap the $1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft).
So, as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed, all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each.
all members with one dollar eachfor their participation as a List Developer reimbursed
with one dollar eachfor their participation as a List Developer all members reimbursed
all members reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each
Your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the #1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH!!!
up the list move Your name
Your name up the list move
move Your name up the list
What an opportunity for only $6.00 ( $1.00 for each of the first six people listed above)
Send it now, add your own name to the list and you're in business!!!
it Send
Send it
*****DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS!!!*****
STEP ONE: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting.
Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag your cursor to the bottom of this document, and select 'copy' from the edit menu.
at the beginning of this letter put your cursor
your cursor put at the beginning of this letter
at the beginning of this letter your cursor put
This will copy the entire letter into the computer's memory.
the entire letter copy into the computer's memoryThis
copy This into the computer's memorythe entire letter
the entire letter This into the computer's memorycopy
STEP TWO:
Open a blank 'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page.
Open a blank 'notepad' file
a blank 'notepad' file Open
From the 'edit' menu select 'paste'.
From the 'edit' menu select 'paste'
From the 'edit' menu 'paste'select
select From the 'edit' menu 'paste'
This will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list.
into the notepad This a copy of the letter paste
This paste a copy of the letter into the notepad
This a copy of the letter paste into the notepad
STEP THREE:
Save your new notepad file as a text file.
Save as a text fileyour new notepad file
your new notepad file Save as a text file
as a text fileyour new notepad file Save
If you want to do your posting in different settings, you'll always have this file to go back to.
this file to go back tohave you
have this file to go back toyou
youhave this file to go back to
STEP FOUR:
Visit message boards and post this article as a new message by highlighting the text of this letter and selecting paste from the edit menu.
Visit message boards
message boards Visit
Fill in the subject, this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group, click the post message button.
the subjectFill in
Fill in the subject
You're done.
You're done
're doneYou
Congratulations!!!!!!
THAT'S IT!!
'S ITTHAT
THAT'S IT
All you have to do, and It Really works!!!
Best Wishes
Blue Planet: Who's afraid of Big Bad Wolf?
By Dan Whipple
UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
Boulder, CO, Feb. 23 (UPI) --
Ever since he ate up Red Riding Hood's grandma and blew down the houses of two-thirds of the Three Little Pigs, the Big Bad Wolf has held a persistently bad reputation.
the Big Bad Wolf held a persistently bad reputation
the Big Bad Wolf a persistently bad reputationheld
a persistently bad reputationthe Big Bad Wolf held
In part because of that reputation, the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s, except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan's Lake Superior.
exterminated In part because of that reputationexcept for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan's Lake Superiorby the 1920sfrom the lower 48 states the gray wolf
from the lower 48 states In part because of that reputationexterminated the gray wolf by the 1920sexcept for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan's Lake Superior
except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan's Lake SuperiorIn part because of that reputationthe gray wolf exterminated by the 1920sfrom the lower 48 states
The last wolf was killed in Yellowstone National Park in 1943.
The last wolf in 1943killed in Yellowstone National Park
killed in Yellowstone National Park The last wolf in 1943
in Yellowstone National Park in 1943The last wolf killed
Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted, gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done.
Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conductedof the wolf dusted their hands
of the wolf their hands Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducteddusted
Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conductedtheir hands of the wolf dusted
Their sheep could graze, their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard.
Their sheep graze
grazeTheir sheep
After the major kill-offs, wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend.
After the major kill-offsexisted wolves outside of Alaska and Canada mostly as legend
After the major kill-offsmostly as legendwolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed
mostly as legendexisted After the major kill-offswolves outside of Alaska and Canada
Like UFOs or Sasquatch, several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves, usually in Yellowstone.
claimed Like UFOs or Sasquatchseveral people
several people Like UFOs or Sasquatchclaimed
Like UFOs or Sasquatchclaimed several people
In the 1960s, a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park reportedly imported some captive wolves, then released them when their shooting was done.
imported In the 1960sa group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park some captive wolves
a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park imported some captive wolvesIn the 1960s
some captive wolvesIn the 1960simported a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park
If so, this happy band has not been heard from since.
heard this happy band from
this happy band from heard
from this happy band heard
Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s, hoping to reestablish a breeding population.
had Rumor
Rumor had
If true, the caper failed.
failedthe caper
the caper failed
Over time, the wolf's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image.
seemed Over timethe wolf's absence
seemed the wolf's absence Over time
the wolf's absence seemed Over time
Eventually, a trickle of support appeared for bringing the predator back to its former home range in the northern Rocky Mountains.
appeared a trickle of support
a trickle of support appeared
This trickle grew into a flood, resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still-continuing objections of ranchers.
into a floodgrew This trickle
into a floodThis trickle grew
This trickle grew into a flood
These wolf packs have flourished, and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies, where merely 10 years ago there were none.
flourishedThese wolf packs
These wolf packs flourished
One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator, an animal that affects the populations, behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range.
Some recent research conducted by Oregon State University has given considerable credence to this idea.
Some recent research conducted by Oregon State University to this ideagiven considerable credence
Some recent research conducted by Oregon State University given considerable credence to this idea
considerable credence to this ideagiven Some recent research conducted by Oregon State University
OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream-bank stabilization, although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of "the ecology of fear" -- something that smacks of the horrible PR resulting from the wolf's relationships with Riding Hood and the Three Pigs.
OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta found
found OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams, a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion.
They explained
explained They
Since reintroduction, however, Ripple and Beschta have found, fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings.
Since reintroductionfoundRipple and Beschta
foundRipple and Beschta Since reintroduction
Ripple and Beschta foundSince reintroduction
"All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told UPI's Blue Planet,
UPI's Blue Planettold Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
told UPI's Blue PlanetEd Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
told Ed Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife ServiceUPI's Blue Planet
"You say, 'wow!'
You say
sayYou
An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow."
is now a sea An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball
An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea
This simple change has triggered a veritable ecological cascade in Yellowstone.
a veritable ecological cascade in Yellowstonetriggered This simple change
triggered in YellowstoneThis simple change a veritable ecological cascade
triggered This simple change in Yellowstonea veritable ecological cascade
More streamside willow and aspen have meant better habitat for beaver, for instance.
More streamside willow and aspen meant for instancebetter habitat for beaver
for instanceMore streamside willow and aspen meant better habitat for beaver
More streamside willow and aspen better habitat for beavermeant for instance
Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park's northern range before the wolves returned, now there are nine.
nineare
are nine
"It may be uninteresting to a lot of people," Beschta told Blue Planet.
Blue PlanetBeschta told
told Blue PlanetBeschta
Beschta Blue Planettold
"There's a lot of impact on plants and they say, 'Who cares?'
a lot of impact on plants 's
's a lot of impact on plants
But we've been looking at streamside communities.
at streamside communitieswelooking
looking at streamside communitieswe
looking weat streamside communities
Since wolf recovery, streamside plants, willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers, a whole variety of avian species, berry-producing shrubs that bears can use.
for other critters -- beavers, a whole variety of avian speciesstreamside plants, willows and cottonwoods berry-producing shrubs that bears can useSince wolf recoveryfood provide
streamside plants, willows and cottonwoods Since wolf recoveryfood berry-producing shrubs that bears can useprovide for other critters -- beavers, a whole variety of avian species
berry-producing shrubs that bears can usefor other critters -- beavers, a whole variety of avian speciesstreamside plants, willows and cottonwoods Since wolf recoveryfood provide
It's important with regard to the quality of streams.
It's important with regard to the quality of streams
's important with regard to the quality of streamsIt
with regard to the quality of streams's important It
The plants provide shade and root strength for bank stability.
shade and root strength provide for bank stabilityThe plants
The plants shade and root strength for bank stabilityprovide
provide The plants shade and root strength for bank stability
Plants are critical to wildland ecosystems."
are critical to wildland ecosystemsPlants
to wildland ecosystemsPlants are critical
to wildland ecosystemsare critical Plants
Yellowstone has a vast elk herd, one of the largest in the world.
has a vast elk herd, one of the largest in the worldYellowstone
Yellowstone a vast elk herd, one of the largest in the worldhas
a vast elk herd, one of the largest in the worldYellowstone has
Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back, their behavior appears markedly different.
said Bangs
Bangs said
"I'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations," however, he cautioned.
he cautioned
cautionedhe
"Wolves are still pretty new.
Wolves are still pretty new
are still pretty newWolves
They've only been there for 10 years.
for 10 yearsbeen there They
been there for 10 yearsThey
Theyfor 10 yearsbeen there
In 10 more years we'll have a better idea."
have wea better ideaIn 10 more years
wehave In 10 more years a better idea
a better ideahave weIn 10 more years
Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies has been so successful the Fish and Wildlife Service has moved to reduce the animal's status from endangered to threatened and, eventually, to remove it from the endangered species list altogether.
Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies been so successful
been so successful Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies
Bangs said the agency has established viable wolf packs in the northern Rockies, as required by federal regulations.
said Bangs
Bangs said
Some conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can move into other states, including Colorado, Utah and Oregon, among others.
Some conservationists want the protection
Some conservationists the protection want
the protection want Some conservationists
On Jan. 31, Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them.
On Jan. 31Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared
On Jan. 31appeared Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones
Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones On Jan. 31appeared
He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's status.
the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's statusHe vacated
the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's statusvacated He
He vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's status
Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision.
Bangs said
said Bangs
Regardless of the wolf's legal status, its future expansion into new areas now seems likely.
its future expansion into new areas seems
seems its future expansion into new areas
Wolves can migrate considerable distances.
Wolves migrate considerable distances
considerable distancesWolves migrate
migrate considerable distancesWolves
A Yellowstone wolf was found dead, hit by a car, on a Colorado highway last year, several hundred miles from home.
on a Colorado highway A Yellowstone wolf found several hundred miles from homelast year
found A Yellowstone wolf several hundred miles from homeon a Colorado highway last year
found A Yellowstone wolf on a Colorado highway several hundred miles from homelast year
Meanwhile, his reputation seems to be improving, although Bangs noted a "pretty interesting social dynamic."
his reputation seems
seems his reputation
There are only about 850 wolves in the West, but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions.
only about 850 wolves are in the West
in the Westare only about 850 wolves
only about 850 wolves in the Westare
Pound for pound, mountain lions eat more game and more livestock than wolves.
mountain lions more game and more livestock than wolveseat Pound for pound
eat Pound for poundmore game and more livestock than wolvesmountain lions
eat mountain lions Pound for poundmore game and more livestock than wolves
They even occasionally attack people, which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm.
They peopleattack which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm
They attack peoplewhich wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm
which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers GrimmThey attack people
Yet people seem willing -- even eager -- to accommodate mountain lions, despite the risks.
seem people
people seem
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf.
It remains
remains It
Regarding those rumors about wolves living in Yellowstone prior to the official reintroduction?
They seem to be just that: rumors.
They seem
seem They
True, there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States.
It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance, a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this very act not long ago.
is likely It
It is likely
Bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in the wild, however, and they all almost certainly have died.
Bangs said
said Bangs
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants.
He said
said He
Blue Planet is a weekly series examining the relationship of humans to the environment, by veteran environmental reporter Dan Whipple.
Blue Planet is a weekly series
is a weekly series Blue Planet
E-mail: sciencem...@upi.com
Climate: Humans fuss, animals adjust
By Dan Whipple
UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
Boulder, CO, Nov. 15 (UPI) --
Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends, but meanwhile Earth's plants, insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome.
Scientists argue
argue Scientists
They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening.
in response to what is happeningThey altering their patterns of behavior
altering their patterns of behavior They in response to what is happening
They their patterns of behavior altering in response to what is happening
It turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions, and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming.
It turns out
turns out It
Nina Leopold Bradley, a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold, published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61-year uninterrupted phenological records.
Nina Leopold Bradley, a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopolda 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61-year uninterrupted phenological recordspublished
a 1999 paper Nina Leopold Bradley, a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopoldin the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences published on her 61-year uninterrupted phenological records
in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Nina Leopold Bradley, a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopolda 1999 paper published on her 61-year uninterrupted phenological records
Phenology studies an organism's development and life cycle -- the pulse of life.
studies an organism's development and life cycle -- the pulse of lifePhenology
Phenology studies an organism's development and life cycle -- the pulse of life
studies Phenology an organism's development and life cycle -- the pulse of life
Bradley's record of 300 phenophases found that even prior to 1999, spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks earlier than in the earlier years of her data.
Bradley's record of 300 phenophases found
found Bradley's record of 300 phenophases
Birds arrived sooner on their migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier.
arrived on their migrations from the south Birds
arrived Birds on their migrations from the south
on their migrations from the south arrived Birds
The Eastern phoebe is showing up about 20 days before it used to.
The Eastern phoebe showing up
showing up The Eastern phoebe
The forest phlox is blooming in late April instead of mid-May.
blooming The forest phlox instead of mid-Mayin late April
blooming instead of mid-Mayin late April The forest phlox
in late April instead of mid-MayThe forest phlox blooming
Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming.
a response consistent with warmingshowed Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked
Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked a response consistent with warmingshowed
showed a response consistent with warmingHalf of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked
In England, the cuckoo returns earlier.
returns In Englandthe cuckoo
the cuckoo In Englandreturns
returns the cuckoo In England
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one-third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago.
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows
shows An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom
"One of the major, most well-documented and robust findings in ecology over the past century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical distribution of species and ecological communities," concluded a report titled "Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States," released by the Pew Center on Global Climate last week.
a report titled "Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States," released by the Pew Center on Global Climate last weekconcluded
concluded a report titled "Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States," released by the Pew Center on Global Climate last week
Pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology.
looked Pew researchers at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology
looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biologyPew researchers
at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biologyPew researchers looked
"Half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change," said Camille Parmesan, a University of Texas-Austin biologist and one of the world's leading experts on this issue.
Camille Parmesan, a University of Texas-Austin biologist and one of the world's leading experts on this issuesaid
said Camille Parmesan, a University of Texas-Austin biologist and one of the world's leading experts on this issue
These changes are occurring across all species, Parmesan told UPI's Climate.
UPI's Climatetold Parmesan
Parmesan UPI's Climatetold
UPI's ClimateParmesan told
"Across the United States, the northern edge of species' range is expanding," she said.
saidshe
she said
Parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly, which migrates between Mexico and southern California.
Parmesan spent much of her career
much of her career spent Parmesan
spent much of her career Parmesan
Some localized extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat.
occurred across some of its habitatSome localized extinctions
occurred Some localized extinctions across some of its habitat
across some of its habitatoccurred Some localized extinctions
"Empirical research pointed to climate as being a strong driver," she said.
she said
saidshe
"There have been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California in areas where the habitat is still acceptable."
been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California in areas where the habitat is still acceptable
large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California in areas where the habitat is still acceptablebeen
According to Parmesan's earlier studies, one extinction event, for instance, was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely, relying on a warming temperature signal, then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat.
triggered for instanceone extinction eventAccording to Parmesan's earlier studies
for instancetriggered one extinction eventAccording to Parmesan's earlier studies
for instanceone extinction eventtriggered According to Parmesan's earlier studies
Throughout the United States, she said, "spring is about two weeks earlier.
saidshe
she said
Tree swallows are nesting nine days earlier.
nesting Tree swallows
Tree swallows nesting
Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast.
Tropical species moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast
up to Florida and the Gulf Coastmoved Tropical species
moved Tropical species up to Florida and the Gulf Coast
Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many, many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbean."
many, many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbeanseeing Bird and butterfly watchers
many, many new species coming up from Mexico and the CaribbeanBird and butterfly watchers seeing
seeing many, many new species coming up from Mexico and the CaribbeanBird and butterfly watchers
As the Pew report concluded, "Sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within U.S. ecosystems."
Such consequences include shifting and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystems.
include Such consequences shifting and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystems
include shifting and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystemsSuch consequences
shifting and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystemsinclude Such consequences
The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage.
The report alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storagefound
alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storageThe report found
The report found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage
The Alaskan tundra, for instance, has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to "being a net source of CO2 (releasing more carbon than is stored) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release CO2."
The Alaskan tundraswitched for instance
for instanceThe Alaskan tundraswitched
switched for instanceThe Alaskan tundra
The Pew report coincided with the release in Iceland of the "Arctic Climate Impact Assessment."
coincided The Pew report with the release in Iceland of the "Arctic Climate Impact Assessment
The Pew report coincided with the release in Iceland of the "Arctic Climate Impact Assessment
with the release in Iceland of the "Arctic Climate Impact Assessmentcoincided The Pew report
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000.
begun in 2000The ACIA -- with participation by the United States, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation and Sweden
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation and Sweden in 2000begun
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation and Sweden begun in 2000
"The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the Arctic," said ACIA chair Robert Corell.
said ACIA chair Robert Corell
ACIA chair Robert Corellsaid
"The Arctic is experiencing some of the most rapid and severe climate change on Earth.
The Arctic experiencing some of the most rapid and severe climate change on Earth
experiencing some of the most rapid and severe climate change on EarthThe Arctic
some of the most rapid and severe climate change on Earthexperiencing The Arctic
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come."
projected The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe projected
The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years.
The ACIA found
found The ACIA
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century, the assessment found, with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice.
foundthe assessment
the assessment found
"Should the Arctic Ocean become ice-free in summer, it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction," the report concluded.
concludedthe report
the report concluded
As with so much climate research, not everyone agrees with these dire predictions.
agrees with these dire predictionsAs with so much climate researchnot everyone
As with so much climate researchnot everyone agrees with these dire predictions
As with so much climate researchagrees not everyone with these dire predictions
A third report, "The Impacts of Climate Change: An Appraisal for the Future," completed by the Britain-based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously with the other two, falls somewhat into that category.
falls somewhat into that categoryA third report, "The Impacts of Climate Change: An Appraisal for the Future," completed by the Britain-based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously with the other two
A third report, "The Impacts of Climate Change: An Appraisal for the Future," completed by the Britain-based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously with the other twosomewhat into that categoryfalls
somewhat into that categoryfalls A third report, "The Impacts of Climate Change: An Appraisal for the Future," completed by the Britain-based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously with the other two
On the one hand, the IPN report agreed "Climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in the Arctic will substantially exceed the global rise.
On the one handagreed the IPN report
agreed On the one handthe IPN report
On the one handthe IPN report agreed
This applies especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase."
applies in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increaseThis
in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increaseapplies This
This in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increaseapplies
On the other hand, the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fisheries.
thinks On the other handthe report
the report On the other handthinks
On the other handthe report thinks
"The impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge," the IPN report said.
the IPN report said
saidthe IPN report
"A warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North Atlantic."
A warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely
is more likely A warming of the magnitude predicted
The important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobster.
The important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobsterinclude
include The important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobster
cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobsterinclude The important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming
Important species that probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish.
Important species that probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish
shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfishImportant species that probably would decline include
include Important species that probably would decline shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish
Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate.
in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers Hidden one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate
one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debateHidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers
Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate
The IPN report examines commercial fish species, but it neglects important non-commercial animals, such as seals and polar bears.
commercial fish speciesThe IPN report examines
examines commercial fish speciesThe IPN report
The IPN report commercial fish speciesexamines
In a limited economic sense, therefore, the organization can argue warming might be a good thing.
the organization In a limited economic senseargue
the organization argue In a limited economic sense
argue In a limited economic sensethe organization
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears, checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables.
The problem is
is The problem
The Pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument.
The Pew researchers tried
tried The Pew researchers
They assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species, and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy.
They a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial speciesassumed
assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial speciesThey
a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial speciesThey assumed
This tug-of-war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans, because animals and plants can adjust only so much.
is the one This tug-of-war over calculating economic values
This tug-of-war over calculating economic values is the one
"When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures, it is time to listen for the final proof of spring," wrote Aldo Leopold in "A Sand County Almanac."
in "A Sand County AlmanacAldo Leopold wrote
wrote Aldo Leopold in "A Sand County Almanac
Aldo Leopold wrote in "A Sand County Almanac
"Sit down on a tussock, cock your ears at the sky, dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings, and soon you may hear it: the flight of the upland plover, just now back from the Argentine."
on a tussockSit
Sit on a tussock
Or maybe not.
Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate change.
Climate is a weekly series
is a weekly series Climate
E-mail sciencem...@upi.com
Preamble from BBC leading to the comments further below.
Feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments, as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event.
How has Katrina changed the US?
the USKatrina changed
Katrina changed the US
Katrina the USchanged
What will be the lasting effects of Hurricane Katrina and what can be learnt from the response?
be the lasting effects What
What be the lasting effects
Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of displaced people while authorities have vowed to restore security in New Orleans following a breakdown of law and order.
trying Relief agencies
Relief agencies trying
In the world press, commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed.
commentators predict In the world press
predict In the world presscommentators
predict commentators In the world press
Meanwhile, President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled.
President George W Bush said
said President George W Bush
How has Katrina changed the US?
the USchanged Katrina
changed Katrina the US
Katrina changed the US
Has it altered your life?
your lifeit altered
your lifealtered it
altered your lifeit
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US?
the way other countries view the USthe disaster affected
the disaster the way other countries view the USaffected
affected the way other countries view the USthe disaster
Send us your comments using the form.
us your comments Send
Send us your comments
Send your comments us
Some of the better comments:
"As an American, I would like to take this opportunity to tell all the 'USA and Bush Bashers' that I am appalled at the number of 'allies' that are using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions.
like I As an American
like As an AmericanI
I like As an American
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system, a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem.
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example
is a perfect example What you see in New Orleans
You have seen the pictures.
the picturesseen You
You seen the pictures
the picturesYou seen
You people think it is race, but it is not.
You people think
think You people
It is the welfare society that was New Orleans."
It welfare society
welfare society It
--Paul, Atlanta, USA
"I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush-Bashers; "Sorry chaps, but you did have it coming..."
The plain fact is that Bush has a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of his detractors.
The plain fact is
is The plain fact
At least he isn't using this disaster for cheap political point-scoring."
for cheap political point-scoringusing this disaster he
this disaster using he for cheap political point-scoring
this disaster he using for cheap political point-scoring
--Mac, Nottingham
"I do not feel it has changed the US citizens which is what was needed, even now the majority want "Gas" despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop, perhaps this natural disaster, which let's face it looks like a product of Global Warming, will change their views, why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your legs, other people in the world do it, "Gas" is not the be all and end all!"
feel I
I feel
--David, Kent
<This man has clearly never visited the US.
This man the USvisited
visited This man the US
visited the USThis man
Distances are not what they are in the old world.
Distances are
are Distances
Here, cars are absolutely necessary, and he'd have to have one, too.
cars are absolutely necessary
are absolutely necessarycars
-Juggernaut>
"The US will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days.
The US through the loss of a city work its way
through the loss of a city The US work its way
work The US its way through the loss of a city
Thank you for your concern, but Europe is still irrelevant."
Thank for your concernyou
Thank you for your concern
you for your concernThank
--John B, Windermere, Florida
<John can come over to eat at my house anytime.
John come
come John
-Juggernaut>
It is always interesting what spin the press will take.
what spin the press will takeis always interesting
is always interesting what spin the press will take
Certainly, representation of the US in other countries will have a certain depiction.
representation of the US in other countries a certain depictionhave
a certain depictionhave representation of the US in other countries
have representation of the US in other countries a certain depiction
I don't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news.
believe I
I believe
I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery.
have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lotteryI
I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery
a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lotteryI have
Yes, she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country.
were delighted she and her family
she and her family were delighted
Her husband became a citizen of the US just the week before last.
became Her husband
Her husband became
(Believe it or not, it takes a minimum of 5 years to apply.)
a minimum of 5 years it takes
takes a minimum of 5 years it
takes it a minimum of 5 years
The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations.
The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example
are a great example The countries which are giving to America to aid
Now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue...
You know, I've lived in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life.
in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex lived most of my lifeI
lived most of my lifein the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex I
Iin the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex most of my lifelived
When not in Texas, I lived in LA and San Francisco.
When not in TexasI in LA and San Franciscolived
When not in Texasin LA and San Franciscolived I
I lived When not in Texasin LA and San Francisco
There is a lot of racial diversity in all of these places... and I've vacationed through the south... visited my folks when they lived in Mississippi, and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white (less than 20%) in northeastern Arkansas.
is in all of these placesa lot of racial diversity
in all of these placesis a lot of racial diversity
a lot of racial diversity in all of these placesis
The fact is, when I began traveling for business to New England, when I first visited my in-laws in Montana and Idaho, I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity.
The fact is
isThe fact
I didn't expect to react that way, but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua, New Hampshire, and everyone else looked pretty much like me, it was really very eerie.
expect I
I expect
So, yes, America has pockets that are more diverse than others.
pockets that are more diverse than othershas America
has pockets that are more diverse than othersAmerica
has America pockets that are more diverse than others
Additionally, reviewing the standings of Louisiana and Mississippi in the educational stakes, you'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states.
youfind
find you
Unfortunately, those left behind to be filmed, where those without transportation or means.
those left behind to be filmedwhere those without transportation or means
those left behind to be filmedthose without transportation or meanswhere
those without transportation or meansthose left behind to be filmedwhere
Some refused to leave, but so many were unable to.
Some refused
refused Some
Yes, it's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this.
's a valid reflection it
it's a valid reflection
However, New Orleans also had many affluent people, people who left town early as they had the means.
many affluent people, people who left town early as they had the meanshad New Orleans
had New Orleans many affluent people, people who left town early as they had the means
had many affluent people, people who left town early as they had the meansNew Orleans
I don't know if this will change other nation's perceptions of America.
know I
I know
I suspect it will not change greatly... but you never know how much stock people put in the news.
suspect I
I suspect
I do know that this will change the face of America.
I know
know I
I expect that many of the displaced people (those affluent and those not) will remain in the places they were evacuated to.
expect I
I expect
The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston, Dallas, San Antonio and Galveston, and the surrounding areas.
begin The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas
The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas begin
Sure, some will return, but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing, they may be shy about returning.
some return
returnsome
I'm interested in what America will look like in 5 years.
in what America will look like in 5 years'm interested I
'm interested Iin what America will look like in 5 years
Iin what America will look like in 5 years'm interested
Will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming as some people are offered jobs there?
find racial diversity its way to Wyoming
racial diversity its way to Wyoming find
its way to Wyoming racial diversity find
Or will the nearly year-round snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives?
be too much the nearly year-round snow for those who have never experienced snow in their lives
be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their livesthe nearly year-round snow
for those who have never experienced snow in their livesbe too much the nearly year-round snow
Will the housing market in Dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due to the influx of buyers?
begin the housing market in Dallas
the housing market in Dallas begin
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast?
businesses that were new in 2005 become
become businesses that were new in 2005
What will the federal government do to prevent inflation in the housing and building market?
do What the federal government
the federal government What do
the federal government do What
These are some of the things I've been wondering...
are some These
These are some
Response coming soon.
Response coming
coming Response
Your reply is good and deserves something good in return.
Your reply is good
is good Your reply
Okay, I'm new to this forum and really don't like Bush, so my view point is slanted and I admit that.
Ito this forum 'm new
'm new to this forum I
'm new Ito this forum
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what's the point?
I listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say
to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say listen I
listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say I
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans.
What I know is
is What I know
My friend didn't have computer capability, so I spent the day searching and posting online.
My friend have computer capability
My friend computer capabilityhave
computer capabilityMy friend have
The family here (California) wanted to fly any family members from there to CA, so they could remain here until things got straightened out down there.
The family here (California) wanted
wanted The family here (California)
The cousins could not be found because no one was sure of their married names.
found The cousins
The cousins found
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available.
was The hope
The hope was
It is Oct. 6, and not one family member has been located.
It is Oct.
is Oct. It
What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation.
was dozens What I saw
What I saw was dozens
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans, saying that he didn't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do.
was What I heard
What I heard was
When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become?
we what become
becomewhat we
what we become
Recently, Bush addressed the nation.
addressed the nationBush
the nationBush addressed
Bush addressed the nation
About 30 seconds into his address, he started flogging the terrorist issue just one more time.
About 30 seconds into his addresshe started
he About 30 seconds into his addressstarted
he started About 30 seconds into his address
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk.
he burst out
burst out he
Even he can't believe that he is trotting out this old saw again.
believe Even he
Even he believe
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour.
I guess
guess I
Meanwhile, every pocket that can be lined is golden and the poor are shunted off radar yet again.
is golden every pocket that can be lined
every pocket that can be lined is golden
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries, when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together.
is The gall of it all
The gall of it all is
We have the technology; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting "FREEDOM" why not spend those billions making all of us free?
the technologyhave We
the technologyWe have
have We the technology
Free of polution, free of oil dependency, and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good (theirs).
Free of polution
of polutionFree
I'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off.
I'm sorry
'm sorry I
In the meanwhile there are still broken families that should have been safe in the home of the brave.
In the meanwhile broken families that should have been safe in the home of the braveare
are broken families that should have been safe in the home of the braveIn the meanwhile
broken families that should have been safe in the home of the braveIn the meanwhile are
For those who believe....................
Aries in 2005 - Flexibility
If you want a motto for 2005, the best one to adopt would be "go with the flow."
be the best one to adopt
the best one to adopt be
2005 will be a year of ups and downs, and only the flexible will be able to keep from going crazy!
be a year 2005
2005 be a year
All Aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion.
have All Aries natives
All Aries natives have
You may need to play it cool and curb your spending.
need You
You need
You'll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself, as your creativity will be at an all-time high.
Youamong the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourselfbe
be Youamong the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself
Yoube among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself
You will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual, and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision.
You be more eloquent
be more eloquent You
If you want to start a new creative project or business venture, your imagination will be working overtime.
working your imagination
your imagination working
2005 could find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher.
2005 find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher
2005 you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higherfind
find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher2005
Taurus in 2005 - Tenacity
"Diligence" is the key word for you, Taurus.
"Diligence" is the key word
is the key word "Diligence"
With hard work and focus, you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time.
at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long timeattain you With hard work and focus
With hard work and focusat least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long timeyou attain
attain you at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long timeWith hard work and focus
This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life.
This is the year
is the year This
As the year progresses, the more impressive your ideas and works become.
your ideas and works become
becomeyour ideas and works
As a result, your finances improve - and your newfound confidence could attract new love into your life.
As a resultimprove your finances
your finances As a resultimprove
As a resultyour finances improve
By the end of the year, you will have a whole new network of friends and group activity, stimulating new ideas and taking up your social life a notch or two.
a whole new network of friends and group activityyou By the end of the yearhave
have a whole new network of friends and group activityyou By the end of the year
By the end of the yeara whole new network of friends and group activityyou have
Gemini in 2005 - Success
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end, Gemini, and now you're going to start reaping the rewards these "lessons" have left in their wake.
to an endcome Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks come to an end
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks to an endcome
As 2005 progresses, the road ahead will become clearer.
the road ahead become
become the road ahead
You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want.
in you You it have
it have You in you
You have it in you
These leaps and bounds forward include love and creativity.
These leaps and bounds forward include love and creativity
include love and creativityThese leaps and bounds forward
love and creativityinclude These leaps and bounds forward
Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity, bringing your mind into a whole new space this year.
combines with extensive group activityYour learning of concepts of all kinds
with extensive group activitycombines Your learning of concepts of all kinds
Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity
By the end of 2005 you'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off!
have youa whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it offBy the end of 2005
a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it offhave By the end of 2005 you
a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it offBy the end of 2005 have you
Cancer in 2005 - Balance
Finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year's strongest challenges.
For the most part, your outward life this year will go in fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome rest.
For the most partyour outward life this year in fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome restgo
in fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome restFor the most partgo your outward life this year
in fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome restyour outward life this year For the most partgo
Enjoy the restful periods when you can.
Enjoy the restful periods
the restful periods Enjoy
The active ones will be hectic!
be hecticThe active ones
The active ones be hectic
You'll be making radical changes in your work habits, but you'll be a lot happier for it, and in the end you'll know it was worth it.
Youmaking radical changes in your work habits
radical changes in your work habitsmaking You
Youradical changes in your work habitsmaking
Your love life is full, and any dissatisfaction with career and money matters fades into the background.
Your love life is full
is fullYour love life
By the end of 2005, you'll feel more confident, more determined, and far more capable of making the mountains come to you!
feel youBy the end of 2005
By the end of 2005youfeel
youBy the end of 2005feel
Leo in 2005 - Abundance
Pursuing a successful career, along with the usual social and financial advantages, will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you, Leo!
this year be easier along with the usual social and financial advantagesfor you
along with the usual social and financial advantagesfor yoube easier this year
be easier along with the usual social and financial advantagesthis year for you
The most difficult thing might be deciding which path means the most to you, and where to put your focus.
be The most difficult thing
The most difficult thing be
You'll be able to create opportunities for advancement almost out of thin air.
Yoube able
be able You
Romance in 2005 will make it a year to remember - and you'll be the envy of all your friends.
make Romance in 2005 it
make it Romance in 2005
Romance in 2005 make it
Love comes willingly and easily.
Love comes
comes Love
Money may suddenly become tight at a very inconvenient time.
Money become
become Money
Yet, this is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of 2005, you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness.
this is no comparison
is no comparison this
Virgo in 2005 - Perseverance
Your working life might not go so smoothly this year, Virgo.
Your working life Virgogo this year
this yearVirgogo Your working life
Your working life go Virgothis year
For much of 2005, you'll be putting your nose to the grindstone.
youputting For much of 2005to the grindstoneyour nose
to the grindstoneyouputting your nose For much of 2005
putting For much of 2005your nose youto the grindstone
On the bright side, your finances will be pretty stable.
On the bright sideyour finances be pretty stable
be pretty stableyour finances On the bright side
On the bright sidebe pretty stableyour finances
Just don't take it for granted - you still need to be cautious this year.
it take
take it
Your love life will thrive for most of the year, and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one.
thrive Your love life for most of the year
Your love life for most of the yearthrive
thrive for most of the yearYour love life
And, you're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak.
going you
yougoing
In spite of a lot of worry over your career, by the year's end, you'll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments.
see In spite of a lot of worry over your careerby the year's endyou
see by the year's endIn spite of a lot of worry over your careeryou
youby the year's endsee In spite of a lot of worry over your career
Libra in 2005 - Expansion
Flex your muscles, friend Libra, and prepare for a relatively easy ride.
Flex your muscles
your musclesFlex
With beneficent Jupiter in your sign, this is definitely your year, especially where your social life is concerned.
is definitely your yearWith beneficent Jupiter in your signthis
this With beneficent Jupiter in your signis definitely your year
this is definitely your yearWith beneficent Jupiter in your sign
Happiness and enjoyment lie ahead.
Happiness and enjoyment lie
lie Happiness and enjoyment
If you're not presently married, and want to be, you just might wed by the end of the year.
wed you by the end of the year
by the end of the yearyou wed
you wed by the end of the year
This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme.
This is the year
is the year This
The one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you'd like could be your career, where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare.
The one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you'd like be your career
be your careerThe one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you'd like
By year's end, you may find yourself seriously considering a major change - all for the best.
By year's endfind you yourself seriously
By year's endyourself seriously you find
yourself seriously By year's endfind you
Scorpio in 2005 - Transmutation
Scorpio, you can still expect changes - perhaps major ones - in your life this year, almost to the point of total transformation.
almost to the point of total transformationexpect you this yearchanges - perhaps major ones - in your life
almost to the point of total transformationchanges - perhaps major ones - in your life you this yearexpect
expect almost to the point of total transformationyou changes - perhaps major ones - in your life this year
While this is most apparent in the area of your career, you'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life.
see youit showing up in other important aspects of your life
yousee it showing up in other important aspects of your life
it showing up in other important aspects of your lifeyousee
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed of.
Your life take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed of
an entirely new direction you've never dreamed oftake on Your life
take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed ofYour life
You may also change your residence during the year.
during the yearYou change your residence
You during the yearyour residence change
change during the yearyour residence You
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner, or you've been married for many years, happiness in love does lie ahead.
lie happiness in love
happiness in love lie
Be prepared for new horizons.
for new horizonsBe prepared
Be prepared for new horizons
They may not be familiar, but they will be fascinating.
They be familiar
be familiarThey
Don't cling to the banks; instead, flow with the tide in 2005.
to the bankscling
cling to the banks
Sagittarius in 2005 - Empowerment
Are you prepared to handle absolute power?
If not, you will be soon!
you be
be you
Your ruling planet, Jupiter, will be in a special relationship with Pluto - called "mutual reception" - in 2005.
in a special relationship Your ruling planet, Jupiterin 2005
in 2005Your ruling planet, Jupiterin a special relationship
in a special relationship in 2005Your ruling planet, Jupiter
There's so much punch packed into this combination that it's almost scary.
's so much punch packed into this combination that it's almost scary
so much punch packed into this combination that it's almost scary's
You'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny.
find You
Youfind
You'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly.
practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantlyfind You
find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantlyYou
Youfind practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly
By the second half of the year, you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two years.
you feel By the second half of the yearwelcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two years
welcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two yearsfeel By the second half of the yearyou
you By the second half of the yearwelcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two yearsfeel
And, a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like, for the rest of your life.
last a relationship you begin now a very long time - like, for the rest of your life
a very long time - like, for the rest of your lifelast a relationship you begin now
last a very long time - like, for the rest of your lifea relationship you begin now
Overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget.
is sure 2005
2005 is sure
Capricorn in 2005 - Resolution
You've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005, friend Capricorn.
friend Capricornplenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005Yougot
Yougot plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005friend Capricorn
friend Capricornin 2005plenty of lucky breaks headed your way got You
The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general.
The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life around the corner
around the cornerThe long awaited relief you've needed in your love life
Financially, it could be a lean year, although some advance planning can help you weather the storm.
it be a lean year
be a lean yearit
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially, and you're likely to change jobs or positions this year.
expand Your career opportunities
Your career opportunities expand
At times, the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable, but rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever, as more is revealed and resolved in 2005.
seem At timesthe pressure on your job and home life
seem the pressure on your job and home life At times
the pressure on your job and home life At timesseem
Aquarius in 2005 - Magic
2005 sees you expanding your intuitive and psychic skills even more, Aquarius.
sees 2005
2005 sees
The mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life, especially concerning partnerships of all kinds.
continue The mysteries of the universe
The mysteries of the universe continue
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department, and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation.
2005 is bound
is bound 2005
Not only that, but travel, adventure, and personal expansion infuse fresh energy into all areas of your life.
By year's end, your creative decision-making will have carried you to whole new peaks - and a whole new view from above.
your creative decision-making By year's endto whole new peaks - and a whole new view from abovecarried you
you carried your creative decision-making to whole new peaks - and a whole new view from aboveBy year's end
By year's endyour creative decision-making you to whole new peaks - and a whole new view from abovecarried
Pisces in 2005 - Self-confidence
It's a big year for you, friend Pisces.
It's a big year for you
's a big year Itfor you
's a big year for youIt
No doubt, in 2005 you'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world.
in 2005 find yourself pushed more and more out into the worldyou
find youyourself pushed more and more out into the worldin 2005
youin 2005 find yourself pushed more and more out into the world
You'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends.
experience a new sense of purpose You
a new sense of purpose experience You
Youexperience a new sense of purpose
Expect lots of surprises and lucky breaks this year, with Uranus bringing the unexpected in your career, your love life, and the world in general.
this yearExpect lots of surprises and lucky breaks
lots of surprises and lucky breaks Expect this year
Expect this yearlots of surprises and lucky breaks
At some point during the year, you could pick up a financial windfall, hear of a great career opportunity, or unexpectedly meet the love of your life.
pick up you At some point during the yeara financial windfall
you pick up At some point during the yeara financial windfall
a financial windfallyou At some point during the yearpick up
It's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate, as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable.
Remain calm and confident, and love is very likely to flourish in 2005.
"Expect the unexpected," and enjoy the ride!
Expect the unexpected
the unexpectedExpect
"Success comes before work" only in the dictionary
Success only in the dictionary before workcomes
before workcomes only in the dictionary Success
only in the dictionary before workSuccess comes
Mayur ? <>
Get Mails Everyday <>
Get Everyday Mails
Mails Everyday Get
Everyday Get Mails
Share Your Mails <mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com> mayur...@yahoo.com
SMS Me... 09819602175
Talk to me <ymsgr:sendIM?mayursha&__Hi+Mayur...>
[send offline as well ]
1K Download
The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ (1504-06)
named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ (1504-06) The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed
for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ (1504-06) The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed named
The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ (1504-06)
[ ]
Like William Shakspere RAPHAEL (the painter) died on his April birthday Laura & Bridget's day:
RAPHAEL (the painter) died on his April birthday Laura & Bridget's dayLike William Shakspere
RAPHAEL (the painter) Like William Shakspere on his April birthday Laura & Bridget's daydied
on his April birthday Laura & Bridget's daydied Like William Shakspere RAPHAEL (the painter)
ARCHILOCHUS solar eclipse: April 6, 648 BC Friday
Koran descends to Earth: April 6, 610 AD Monday
to Earthdescends Koran
descends to EarthKoran
Koran to Earthdescends
CLEMENT's St.Methodius dies: April 6, 884 Monday
diesCLEMENT's St.Methodius
CLEMENT's St.Methodius dies
Petrarch meets LAURA: April 6, 1327 Monday
meets Petrarch LAURA
Petrarch meets LAURA
Petrarch LAURAmeets
DURER dies: April 6, 1528 Monday
DURER dies
diesDURER
BRIDGET Vere's birth: April 6, 1584 Monday
Sir Francis Walsingham dies: April 6, 1590 Monday
Sir Francis Walsingham dies
diesSir Francis Walsingham
"native of Crete" EL GRECO dies: April 7, 1614 Monday
dies"native of Crete" EL GRECO
"native of Crete" EL GRECO dies
{LUCIO: Does BRIDGET PAINT still, Pompey, ha?
[MfM Act 3, Sc. 2]}
LAURA dies of plague: April 6, 1348 Sunday
of plaguedies LAURA
dies of plagueLAURA
LAURA of plaguedies
RAPHAEL born: April 6, 1483 Sunday
RAPHAEL born
bornRAPHAEL
RAPHAEL dies: April 6, 1520 Good Friday
RAPHAEL dies
diesRAPHAEL
Thomas Hobbes' birth: April 5, 1588 Good Friday
Start of _The SOUND & the FURY_: April 6, 1928 Good Friday
Kent EARTHQUAKE: April 6, 1580 Wednesday
Historian John Stow dies: April 6, 1605 Sat/Wed.
diesHistorian John Stow
Historian John Stow dies
<< Upon the sixth of April, Alexander the Great was born.
bornAlexander the Great Upon the sixth of April
Upon the sixth of AprilbornAlexander the Great
Alexander the Great Upon the sixth of Aprilborn
Upon the same day he conquered Darius, won a great victory at sea, & died the same day.
Upon the same day conquered Dariushe
Upon the same day Dariusconquered he
he Upon the same day conquered Darius
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip; for on the same day he took Potidea; >> - JOHN AUBREY, F.R.S.
ANTONIO PEREZ 1535-1611 [Philip II's renegade Secretary of State]
<<In "Love's Labour's Lost" we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho, full of affection and bombast.
a character Don Adriana de Armatho, full of affection and bombastfind we
a character Don Adriana de Armatho, full of affection and bombastwe find
find a character Don Adriana de Armatho, full of affection and bombastwe
A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZ, visited England in 1593 and became acquainted with Francis & ANTHONY Bacon, with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy, which did not last very long, for the Spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in Court circles.
England A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZvisited in 1593
A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZEngland in 1593 visited
in 1593 England visited A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZ
In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of "RAPHAEL PEREGRINO."
wrote PEREZ under the assumed name of "RAPHAEL PEREGRINOIn 1594 a book
under the assumed name of "RAPHAEL PEREGRINOPEREZ a book wrote In 1594
a book wrote under the assumed name of "RAPHAEL PEREGRINOPEREZ In 1594
In the play Holofernes is ridiculing Don Adriana "the traveler from Spain" and says of him: "He is too picked, too spruce, too affected, Too odd, as it were, too PEREGRINate, as I may call it."
Holofernes In the play ridiculing Don Adriana "the traveler from Spain"
ridiculing In the play Don Adriana "the traveler from Spain" Holofernes
In the play Holofernes ridiculing Don Adriana "the traveler from Spain"
-Act 5, Scene 1.
To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable, Sir Nathaniel replies "a most singular & choice epithet," and at once enters it in his note book.
Sir Nathaniel a most singular & choice epithetreplies
a most singular & choice epithetSir Nathaniel replies
a most singular & choice epithetreplies Sir Nathaniel
This parody on PEREZ' sobriquet clearly identifies PEREZ with Armatho.>>
This parody on PEREZ' sobriquet PEREZ with Armathoidentifies
PEREZ with Armathoidentifies This parody on PEREZ' sobriquet
with ArmathoPEREZ identifies This parody on PEREZ' sobriquet
Shakespeare Electronic Conference, Vol. 6, No. 0832. Monday, 23 October 1995.
From: Martin Green <MGr...@usa.pipeline.com>
Date: Sunday, 22 Oct 1995 10:57:32 -0400
Subject: Re: Facts, Purpose of List, Italy, Jews
<<There were no Jews in England to speak of in the 1590's.
in the 1590'sno Jews in England were
were in England in the 1590'sno Jews
in England no Jews were in the 1590's
True, but two in England that we know of were a part of the Essex entourage: Dr. Lopez, who had been physician to Essex' step-father, the Earl of Leicester, had apparently treated the young Essex for some socially unacceptable ailment, and Antonio Perez, who was a guest at Essex House in the early 1590's.
To be sure, both Lopez & Perez were conversos--but they were thought of in England as being, as they undoubtedly were, at least ethnically, Jews.>>
were conversosboth Lopez & Perez
both Lopez & Perez were conversos
<<Doctor RODERIGO LOPEZ (1525 -1594) was the Portugese Jewish doctor accused by Essex of trying to poison Queen Elizabeth.
Doctor RODERIGO LOPEZ (1525 -1594) was the Portugese Jewish doctor
was the Portugese Jewish doctor Doctor RODERIGO LOPEZ (1525 -1594)
The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7, 1594 at Tyburn.
The 69 year old Dr. Lopez found
found The 69 year old Dr. Lopez
Long before (September 1560) Dr. Lopez had been the personal house doctor of Robert Dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for Amy Robsart (stating that she had "accidentally" fallen down the stairs).
house doctor (September 1560) Dr. Lopez
house doctor Dr. Lopez (September 1560)
Dr. Lopez house doctor (September 1560)
That same year (1560) a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in Rome.
all comers That same year (1560) a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ at a chess tournament in Romebeat
at a chess tournament in Romea Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ beat That same year (1560) all comers
all comers a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ That same year (1560) beat at a chess tournament in Rome
Lopez's 1561 book "Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz" became THE classic on Chess openings, including the one that bears his name.
became Lopez's 1561 book "Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz"
Lopez's 1561 book "Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz" became
Chess history 1530-1647
[ ]
1530 LOPEZ, Ruy b. in Zafra, Spain.
Spanish priest & leading player.
1533 Atahualpa, inca emperor of peru, imprisoned & learns chess.
1542 LEONARDO, Giovanni (a.k.a. Il Puttino/the Boy) born in Calaria.
1550 Valdiviesco, Don Antonio de, Bishop of Nicaragua, assassinated while playing chess in his palace at Leon.
1551 Ivan IV of Russia bans chess.
1555 Castling is introduced.
1560 Ruy Lopez visits Rome and defeats all the players.
1561 Last time castling was 2 separate moves.
1561 Ruy Lopez proposes the 50-move rule to claim a draw.
1561 Ruy Lopez writes his book on chess.
Introduces the word gambit.
Introduces the word gambit
the word gambitIntroduces
(Alcala, 1561)
1562 St Teresa, a Spanish reformer, includes chess in her writings.
1570 Gianutto della Mantia, Horatio born in Italy.
Author of Italian chess book.
1572 Ruy Lopez defeats several eminent players in Rome.
1574 Boi and Leonardo beat Lopez & Ceron in presence of Phillip II.
1575 Leonardo beats Ruy Lopez in Madrid.
1575 After the Plague of Cremona, all games except chess were banned.
1576 Boi taken prisoner, but wins his freedom playing chess.
1580 Catherine de Medici of France is a keen chess player.
1580 Ruy lopez died.
1584 Ivan the Terrible dies while starting a game of chess.
1584 Lopez's book translated into Italian by Tarsia and published in Venice.
<<"I have told you, friend," said the curate, "that this is done to divert our idle thoughts; and as in well-ordered states games of CHESS, fives, and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care, or are not obliged, or are unable to work, so books of this kind are allowed to be printed, on the supposition that, what indeed is the truth, there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories;>>
the curatesaid
said the curate
<<"Well then," said Don Quixote, "the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play emperors, others play popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought into a play; but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal in the grave."
said Don Quixote
Don Quixotesaid
"A fine comparison!" said Sancho; "though not so new but that I have heard it many and many a time, as well as that other one of the game of CHESS; how, so long as the game lasts, each piece has its own particular office, and when the game is finished they are all mixed, jumbled up and shaken together, and stowed away in the bag, which is much like ending life in the grave."
Sanchosaid
said Sancho
"Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day, Sancho," said Don Quixote.
Don Quixotesaid
said Don Quixote
"Ay," said Sancho; "it must be that some of your worship's shrewdness sticks to me; land that, of itself, is barren and dry, will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it>>
said Sancho
Sanchosaid
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions: American, French, Bolivar, etc. . . Garibaldi's is the most blatantly Masonic:
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions: American, French, Bolivar, etcGaribaldi's is the most blatantly Masonic
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions: American, French, Bolivar, etcis the most blatantly MasonicGaribaldi's
is the most blatantly MasonicGaribaldi's Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions: American, French, Bolivar, etc
Nostromo A Tale of the Seaboard
<<After having written so far, Don Martin Decoud, the exotic dandy of the Parisian boulevard, got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the Albergo of United Italy, kept by Giorgio Viola, the old companion of Garibaldi.
Don Martin Decoud, the exotic dandy of the Parisian boulevardgot
got Don Martin Decoud, the exotic dandy of the Parisian boulevard
The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed to look dimly, in the light of one candle, at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of his own sensations.
seemed The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero
The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed
Looking out of the window, Decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town, nor yet the buildings near the harbour; and there was not a sound, as if the tremendous obscurity of the Placid Gulf, spreading from the waters over the land, had made it dumb as well as blind. . . .
met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town, nor yet the buildings near the harbourDecoud
met Decoud by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town, nor yet the buildings near the harbour
by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town, nor yet the buildings near the harbourDecoud met
He turned away.
He turned
turned He
He could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss.
He bear that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss
bear that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyssHe
He that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyssbear
. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression, was overtopped by the big face of Don Juste Lopez, soft and white, with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud.>>
by the big face of Don Juste Lopez, soft and white, with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloudovertopped
overtopped by the big face of Don Juste Lopez, soft and white, with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud
Wisteria Lodge
<<He could do little during the day, for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas, or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness.
do little during the dayHe
He do during the daylittle
do little He during the day
At night, however, he slept alone, and the avenger might find him.
slept he At night
slept At nighthe
At nightslept he
On a certain evening, which had been prearranged, I sent my friend final instructions, for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room.
sent final instructionsI On a certain evening, which had been prearrangedmy friend
my friend final instructionsOn a certain evening, which had been prearrangedsent I
On a certain evening, which had been prearrangedfinal instructionsmy friend sent I
I was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed.
was I
I was
"But everything went wrong with us.
everything with uswent
went everything with us
with uswent everything
In some way I had excited the suspicion of Lopez, the secretary.
I excited In some way the suspicion of Lopez, the secretary
I In some way the suspicion of Lopez, the secretaryexcited
I excited the suspicion of Lopez, the secretaryIn some way
He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note.
crept behind me He
He behind me crept
behind me crept He
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress.
to my room He and his master me dragged
He and his master dragged me to my room
dragged me He and his master to my room
Then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed.
plunged into me they their knives
into me they plunged their knives
they their knives into me plunged
Finally, after much debate, they concluded that my murder was too dangerous.
after much debatethey concluded
they after much debateconcluded
concluded after much debatethey
But they determined to get rid forever of Garcia.
determined they
they determined
They had gagged me, and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address.
meThey gagged
They megagged
gagged They me
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia.
I swear
swear I
Lopez addressed the note which I had written, sealed it with his sleeve-link, and sent it by the hand of the servant, Jose.
addressed the note which I had writtenLopez
Lopez the note which I had writtenaddressed
the note which I had writtenLopez addressed
How they murdered him I do not know, save that it was Murillo's hand who struck him down, for Lopez had remained to guard me.
knowI
I know
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed.
I believe
believe I
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks.
they At first of a mind
At first of a mind they
of a mind At first they
With the death of Garcia, the pursuit might cease, since such a death might frighten others from the task.>>
the pursuit ceaseWith the death of Garcia
ceaseWith the death of Garciathe pursuit
With the death of Garciaceasethe pursuit
Art Neuendorffer
The Rock revolution happened in the Sixties (6, number of the Beast).
in the Sixties The Rock revolution happened
The Rock revolution in the Sixties happened
happened The Rock revolution in the Sixties
It came from Liverpool, that was the port base to the Titanic, destroyed by God because of the arrogant insult of captain Smith (also from Liverpool): "Not even God can sink my ship" (not only the captain, but also the rest of the crew and even the orchestra playing at the Titanic were from Liverpool).
It came from Liverpool
came It from Liverpool
from LiverpoolIt came
The Rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics (as that of George Martin, ally of the Beatles).
The Rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics (as that of George Martin, ally of the Beatles)
The Rock revolution from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics (as that of George Martin, ally of the Beatles)came
came The Rock revolution from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics (as that of George Martin, ally of the Beatles)
It came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)...once again 6, number of the Beast....
from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)came It
from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)It came
came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)It
It is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed "the Devil's Island".
As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation, the center of London, the so well-known Piccadilly Circus, takes it's name from an old brothel (the "Piccadilla House" which means "The House of Sin"), disappeared nowadays.
it's name As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nationfrom an old brothel (the "Piccadilla House" which means "The House of Sin"), disappeared nowadaystakes the center of London, the so well-known Piccadilly Circus
the center of London, the so well-known Piccadilly CircusAs the epithet of the government of Satan on that nationit's name from an old brothel (the "Piccadilla House" which means "The House of Sin"), disappeared nowadaystakes
As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nationthe center of London, the so well-known Piccadilly Circusfrom an old brothel (the "Piccadilla House" which means "The House of Sin"), disappeared nowadaystakes it's name
The antichrist John Lennon, one of the Devil's main puppets to destroy family, social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind, did hit Stuart Sutcliffe (the first bass player of the Beatles) in the head with a club repeatedly in Hamburg.
hit Stuart Sutcliffe (the first bass player of the Beatles) in HamburgThe antichrist John Lennon, one of the Devil's main puppets to destroy family, social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankindwith a club in the head
Stuart Sutcliffe (the first bass player of the Beatles) The antichrist John Lennon, one of the Devil's main puppets to destroy family, social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankindhit with a club in the head in Hamburg
Stuart Sutcliffe (the first bass player of the Beatles) hit The antichrist John Lennon, one of the Devil's main puppets to destroy family, social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankindwith a club in the head in Hamburg
Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of John Lennon's bruises.
because of John Lennon's bruisesfrom brain haemorrhage Sutcliffe died
died because of John Lennon's bruisesSutcliffe from brain haemorrhage
from brain haemorrhage died Sutcliffe because of John Lennon's bruises
John Lennon entered stardom being a murderer.
stardom John Lennon entered
John Lennon entered stardom
entered John Lennon stardom
The same demons that made captain Smith say "Not even God can sink my ship" spoke from antichrist John Lennon (from Liverpool, base port to the Titanic) saying: "Christianity is on the go.
The same demons that made captain Smith say "Not even God can sink my ship" spoke from antichrist John Lennon (from Liverpool, base port to the Titanic)
from antichrist John Lennon (from Liverpool, base port to the Titanic) The same demons that made captain Smith say "Not even God can sink my ship" spoke
spoke The same demons that made captain Smith say "Not even God can sink my ship" (from Liverpool, base port to the Titanic) from antichrist John Lennon
It will vanish and shrink.
It vanish
vanish It
We are more popular than Jesus and Pope"....
We than Jesus and Popeare more popular
than Jesus and PopeWe are more popular
than Jesus and Popeare more popular We
That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock.
was the day That
That was the day
One week after that declaration, ONLY ONE WEEK LATER, Brian Epstein, forger of the Beatle farce, died from an overdose.
died from an overdoseBrian Epstein, forger of the Beatle farceOne week after that declaration
One week after that declarationBrian Epstein, forger of the Beatle farcefrom an overdosedied
Brian Epstein, forger of the Beatle farceOne week after that declarationdied from an overdose
From then on, the Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world.
the Beatles began From then on
began From then onthe Beatles
From then onthe Beatles began
John Lennon's divorce followed, as well as his entering the world of black magic, as deeply as to buy the apartment. where the "Rosemary's baby" had been filmed, previous property of Roman Polansky, and in that same apartment John Lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations.
Came the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "I am the Walrus" and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "Revolution number 9".
the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "I am the Walrus" and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "Revolution number 9"Came
Came the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "I am the Walrus" and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "Revolution number 9"
At the same time, the devil acted through his other main puppets with "Sympathy for the devil" that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of the founder of the group, the guitarist Brian Jones (who refused to be a puppet of the devil), murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger, another assassin.
At the same timeacted through his other main puppets the devil with "Sympathy for the devil"
with "Sympathy for the devil" At the same timethe devil acted through his other main puppets
At the same timewith "Sympathy for the devil" acted through his other main puppets the devil
Antichrist John Lennon followed the Devil's strategy writing lyrics such as "God is a concept by which we measure our pain...I don't believe in Jesus, etc., etc.," (God) and "and no religions too..." (Imagine).
Antichrist John Lennon followed the Devil's strategy
Antichrist John Lennon the Devil's strategy followed
followed Antichrist John Lennon the Devil's strategy
Antichrist John Lennon wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming "whatever is up there" for it (referring to God).
Antichrist John Lennon wanted
wanted Antichrist John Lennon
The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead.
carried The CURSE OF GOD
The CURSE OF GOD carried
It is interesting to notice that he was shot seven times, being seven, as well as three, the holy numbers in Holy Cabalah tradition....
After George Harrison, said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at Henley on Thames: "I want to talk about the divinity of man", he was given throat cancer by GOD because of those words, which made metastasis and carried on to final death..
To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), GOD provided cancer to the wife.
cancer provided To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation)GOD to the wife
provided To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation)cancer GOD to the wife
to the wifeGOD cancer To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation)provided
The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda (woman whose quality he did not deserve), was exposed when it was known that Paul had an affair with Heather Mills, Linda's intimate friend, with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents, while he was still mourning for his "dear Linda".
The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda (woman whose quality he did not deserve)exposed
exposed The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda (woman whose quality he did not deserve)
At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity.
At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Millsused he due to his waning popularityLinda's death for promotional ends
he for promotional endsAt the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Millsdue to his waning popularityused Linda's death
used Linda's death for promotional endshe due to his waning popularityAt the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills
Paul was going out with Heather, but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda, for the afore mentioned promotional ends.
going Paul with Heather
Paul going with Heather
with HeatherPaul going
Paul admitted that he made Linda suffer a lot, but he didn't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same, even though it has never been much.
admitted Paul
Paul admitted
The early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man....
The early days were the days
were the days The early days
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in front of Yoko in the film.
(He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners).
He the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate mannershad
He had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners
the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate mannershad He
Paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again, as Jane and Linda did.
such a big inferiority complex as a man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again, as Jane and Linda didPaul has
has such a big inferiority complex as a man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again, as Jane and Linda didPaul
such a big inferiority complex as a man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again, as Jane and Linda didhas Paul
This is something that his ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore....
is something This
This is something
He is very conscious that money and fame cannot buy virility and manliness.
is very conscious He
He is very conscious
Besides being a murderer, John Lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian Epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the Cavern, trauma from which he never recovered.
Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left him, he made lyrics such as: "You can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" and gave declarations to the "Rolling Stone" magazine saying that "sometimes he wore Texan boots to feel more secure as a man".
Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left himmade he lyrics such as: "You can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside"
lyrics such as: "You can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left himhe made
lyrics such as: "You can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" made Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left himhe
The Beatles are very well known by people close to them for their arrogance and racism.
known The Beatles by people close to them for their arrogance and racism
The Beatles by people close to them for their arrogance and racismknown
for their arrogance and racismknown by people close to them The Beatles
One of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono.
One of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection
is the rejection One of the manifestations of their racism
That rejection got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it Be.
to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it BeThat rejection got
got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it BeThat rejection
That rejection got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it Be
When John asked George while they were having lunch about how things were going for Paul after his separation from the Beatles and George replied that he was number one in the Swedish hit parade, John said in a despective manner: "ah!!.. in Sweden..", as if Sweden was an inferior place or something alike.
in a despective mannerJohn said
said in a despective mannerJohn
John said in a despective manner
In the Beatles' song "Get Back" they advise black Joe to "get back to where you once belonged", as if England was not a place for black people.
black Joe they In the Beatles' song "Get Back" advise
black Joe advise In the Beatles' song "Get Back" they
they black Joe In the Beatles' song "Get Back" advise
Sometimes back, Paul told George in the Apple offices that the new generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people, but in any way they would have also been slaves of the Beatles.
in the Apple offices told George Paul
George told Paul in the Apple offices
George Paul told in the Apple offices
The Jewish marriage living to the right of George's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting.
The Jewish marriage living to the right of George's house said
said The Jewish marriage living to the right of George's house
The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George's house (Friar Park) refers to him as an overbearing person to stay away from.
to him refers as an overbearing person to stay away fromThe newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George's house (Friar Park)
refers as an overbearing person to stay away fromto him The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George's house (Friar Park)
to him The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George's house (Friar Park) refers as an overbearing person to stay away from
The receptionist of "Hand made", the former film making company of George Harrison said: "we don't have any relation with that man anymore and we don't want to know anything about him".
The receptionist of "Hand made", the former film making company of George Harrison said
saidThe receptionist of "Hand made", the former film making company of George Harrison
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison, who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him.
Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other.
got to the point that even they themselves hated each otherTheir chauvinisms
to the point that even they themselves hated each otherTheir chauvinisms got
to the point that even they themselves hated each othergot Their chauvinisms
Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing.
said Paul McCartney
Paul McCartney said
George Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon....
said George Harrison
George Harrison said
George Harrison said in a video that "Oasis is a very untalented band and they shouldn't be playing at all", all of it being the truth, but the Beatles is also a band of very poor musicians, if musicians at all, who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as Oasis.
in a video said George Harrison
George Harrison in a video said
George Harrison said in a video
The Beatles of the times of the "Cavern" sounded exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the Beatles is due to George Martin.
sounded The Beatles of the times of the "Cavern"
The Beatles of the times of the "Cavern" sounded
Without George Martin the Beatles would have been just another untalented band as Oasis....
been just another untalented band the Beatles as OasisWithout George Martin
the Beatles as Oasisbeen just another untalented band Without George Martin
as Oasisthe Beatles Without George Martin been just another untalented band
Paul McCartney said recently that he believes in using magic, and he does lots of charity, thinking that in this way he will compensate for the CURSE OF GOD that is upon him and that took his wife's life because of his Satanism and involvement in black magic.
Paul McCartney said
said Paul McCartney
He thinks he will deceive people in this way, so that the real McCartney will not be perceived.
He thinks
thinks He
Is the old Devil attempting to disguise as good in front of people.
Satan deceiving mankind once again, as so many other thousands of times through the centuries....
After the Devil began his devastating job from the ghostly "Devil's Island" through his nine main puppets (Beatles-Rolling Stones), he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned Island and weakening their conscience with drugs, he made them proclaimers of homosexuality, aversion to religion, destruction of family values, dissipation, mental illness, antisocialism, etc., etc.,
he an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned Island possessed
an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned Island he possessed
he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned Island
The fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the Beatles and the Rolling Stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real quality musicians could achieve, was because the forces of Satan were behind everything, supporting the process.
was The fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the Beatles and the Rolling Stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real quality musicians could achieve
The fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the Beatles and the Rolling Stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real quality musicians could achievewas
This mentally ill humanity, destroyed families, twisted moral values, manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings, anti natural feminism rebellion, drug addiction, corrupt social outlines, mad youths without direction, non respect to hierarchies, convulsed nations, misanthropy, misogyny, paedophilia, irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations, are due to the vast manoeuvre that Satan executed through his main marionettes the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, from the Devil's Island.
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house, it is because you own some L.P, CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones.
is it
it is
We recommend you to take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the Devil's main nine puppets....
recommend you We
We recommend you
you recommend We
You have been warned...
warnedYou
You warned
THE HIGH COURT.
(The Five Judges)
For the sake of mankind, you should email our verdict to your friends.
to your friendsyou For the sake of mankindemail our verdict
to your friendsour verdict you For the sake of mankindemail
For the sake of mankindto your friendsour verdict you email
Email: yamwhatiyam <pop...@spinach.eat>
Groups: alt.consumers, ba.consumers, misc.consumers, misc.consumers.frugal-living
Attack on Iran: A Looming Folly
By William Rivers Pitt
t r u t h o u t | Perspective
Monday 09 January 2006
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran.
since before the New Year The wires humming with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran
since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iranhumming The wires
The wires with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iransince before the New Year humming
"The Bush administration is preparing its NATO allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in Iran in the New Year, according to German media reports, reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the Turkish media," reported UPI on December 30th.
on December 30thUPI reported
UPI reported on December 30th
reported UPI on December 30th
"The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week," continued UPI, "quoted 'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah-led regime into line, including military options.
this weekquoted The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel 'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah-led regime into line, including military options
'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah-led regime into line, including military optionsthis weekquoted The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel
quoted The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel 'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah-led regime into line, including military optionsthis week
This 'all options are open' line has been President George W Bush's publicly stated policy throughout the past 18 months."
been President George W Bush's publicly stated policy This 'all options are open' line throughout the past 18 months
This 'all options are open' line throughout the past 18 monthsbeen President George W Bush's publicly stated policy
throughout the past 18 monthsbeen President George W Bush's publicly stated policy This 'all options are open' line
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order.
in orderAn examination of the ramifications of such an attack
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack in order
1. Blowback in Iraq
The recent elections in Iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations, principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI).
dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations, principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI)The recent elections in Iraq
The recent elections in Iraq by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations, principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI)dominated
by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations, principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI)dominated The recent elections in Iraq
Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decades.
umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decadeshave Both Dawa and SCIRI
Both Dawa and SCIRI umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decadeshave
umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decadesBoth Dawa and SCIRI have
In essence, Iran now owns a significant portion of the Iraqi government.
In essenceIran a significant portion of the Iraqi governmentowns
a significant portion of the Iraqi governmentIran owns In essence
In essencea significant portion of the Iraqi governmentIran owns
Should the United States undertake military action against Iran, the ramifications in Iraq would be immediate and extreme.
be immediate the ramifications in Iraq
the ramifications in Iraq be immediate
In the first eight days of January, eighteen US troops have been killed in Iraq, compounded by another twelve deaths from a Black Hawk helicopter crash on Saturday.
In the first eight days of Januaryin Iraqeighteen US troops killed
in Iraqeighteen US troops In the first eight days of Januarykilled
in IraqIn the first eight days of Januaryeighteen US troops killed
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias, believe the last elections were a sham, and hold little political power in the government.
from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias, believe the last elections were a sham, and hold little political power in the governmentcoming Much of the violence aimed at American forces
Much of the violence aimed at American forces from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias, believe the last elections were a sham, and hold little political power in the governmentcoming
coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias, believe the last elections were a sham, and hold little political power in the governmentMuch of the violence aimed at American forces
If the US attacks Iran, it is probable that American forces - already taxed by attacks from Sunni factions - will also face reprisal attacks in Iraq from Shi'ite factions loyal to Iran.
it is probable
is probable it
The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties, US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power.
be a dramatic escalation The result
The result be a dramatic escalation
Iraq, already a seething cauldron, will sink further into chaos.
Iraq, already a seething cauldroninto chaossink
Iraq, already a seething cauldronsink into chaos
into chaosIraq, already a seething cauldronsink
2. Iran's Armaments
Unlike Iraq, Iran has not spent the last fifteen years having its conventional forces worn down by grueling sanctions, repeated attacks, and two American-led wars.
Iran Unlike Iraqspent the last fifteen years
Unlike Iraqspent Iran the last fifteen years
Iran spent Unlike Iraqthe last fifteen years
While Iran's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the Iran-Iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless.
enjoys the nation substantial military strength
substantial military strength the nation enjoys
substantial military strength enjoys the nation
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004, Iran "has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves.
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reservesIran has
Iran some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reservesAccording to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004has
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004Iran some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserveshas
They include 120,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare.
They include 120,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare
They 120,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfareinclude
include They 120,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare
Iran's military also includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks, 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles, 3,200 artillery weapons, 306 combat aircraft, 60 attack helicopters, 3 submarines, 59 surface combatants, and 10 amphibious ships."
Iran's military holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks, 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles, 3,200 artillery weapons, 306 combat aircraft, 60 attack helicopters, 3 submarines, 59 surface combatants, and 10 amphibious shipsincludes
Iran's military includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks, 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles, 3,200 artillery weapons, 306 combat aircraft, 60 attack helicopters, 3 submarines, 59 surface combatants, and 10 amphibious ships
holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks, 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles, 3,200 artillery weapons, 306 combat aircraft, 60 attack helicopters, 3 submarines, 59 surface combatants, and 10 amphibious shipsincludes Iran's military
"Iran is now the only regional military power that poses a significant conventional military threat to Gulf stability," continued the CSIS report.
the CSIS reportcontinued
continued the CSIS report
"Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare, and poses the additional threat of proliferation.
has Iran significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare
Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare
significant capabilities for asymmetric warfarehas Iran
There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long-range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction.
considerable evidence that it is developing both a long-range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destructionis
is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long-range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction
It has never properly declared its holdings of chemical weapons, and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown."
its holdings of chemical weaponsdeclared It
It its holdings of chemical weaponsdeclared
declared its holdings of chemical weaponsIt
A MILNET brief issued in February 2005 reports, "Due to its position astride the Persian Gulf, Iran has constantly been a threat to the Gulf.
A MILNET brief issued in February 2005 reports
reportsA MILNET brief issued in February 2005
The so called 'Tanker' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region.
squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the regionThe so called 'Tanker' wars in the late 1980s put Iran
squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the regionThe so called 'Tanker' wars in the late 1980s Iran put
Iran The so called 'Tanker' wars in the late 1980s put squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region
Even the small navy that Iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping, and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the Gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the Iranian Navy could be quite effective."
Even the small navy that Iran puts to sea is capable
is capable Even the small navy that Iran puts to sea
"More concerning," continued the MILNET brief, "is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy.
the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navyconcerning," continued the MILNET brief, "is
concerning," continued the MILNET brief, "is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy
The CSIS report cites numerous areas where Iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, anti-shipping cruise missiles: 'Iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from China, midget submarines from North Korea, submarines from Russia, and modern mines.'"
numerous areas where Iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, anti-shipping cruise missilescites The CSIS report
cites numerous areas where Iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, anti-shipping cruise missilesThe CSIS report
The CSIS report cites numerous areas where Iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, anti-shipping cruise missiles
It is Iran's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf, especially for the US Navy.
It missile armaments
missile armaments It
Iran's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters.
Iran's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall
is a looming wall Iran's coast facing the Persian Gulf
The Gulf itself only has one exit, the Strait of Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline.
has The Gulf itself one exit, the Strait of Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline
The Gulf itself has one exit, the Strait of Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline
one exit, the Strait of Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastlineThe Gulf itself has
In essence, Iran holds the high ground in the Gulf.
the high ground In essenceholds in the GulfIran
the high ground holds In essencein the GulfIran
In essenceIran holds in the Gulfthe high ground
Missile batteries arrayed in those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below.
with any fleet deployed belowbloody havoc Missile batteries arrayed in those mountains raise
bloody havoc raise with any fleet deployed belowMissile batteries arrayed in those mountains
Missile batteries arrayed in those mountains bloody havoc raise with any fleet deployed below
Of all the missiles in Iran's armament, the most dangerous is the Russian-made SS-N-22 Sunburn.
These missiles are, simply, the fastest anti-ship weapons on the planet.
are, simply, the fastest anti-ship weapons These missiles
These missiles are, simply, the fastest anti-ship weapons
The Sunburn can reach Mach 3 at high altitude.
The Sunburn at high altitudeMach 3 reach
reach The Sunburn at high altitudeMach 3
reach at high altitudeThe Sunburn Mach 3
Its maximum low-altitude speed is Mach 2.2, some three times faster than the American-made Harpoon.
Its maximum low-altitude speed is Mach
is Mach Its maximum low-altitude speed
The Sunburn takes two short minutes to cover its full range.
The Sunburn takes two short minutes
The Sunburn two short minutes takes
takes two short minutes The Sunburn
The missile's manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer, and five missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship.
The missile's manufacturers state
state The missile's manufacturers
The Sunburn is also superior to the Exocet missile.
The Sunburn is also superior to the Exocet missile
The Sunburn to the Exocet missileis also superior
to the Exocet missileThe Sunburn is also superior
Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to shreds in 1987, killing 37 sailors.
The Stark could not see them to stop them.
see The Stark them
The Stark them see
them The Stark see
The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt is currently deployed in the Persian Gulf, with some 7,000 souls aboard.
in the Persian GulfThe US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt deployed with some 7,000 souls aboard
with some 7,000 souls aboarddeployed The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt in the Persian Gulf
The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt with some 7,000 souls aboarddeployed in the Persian Gulf
Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force, which includes the USS Tarawa, the USS Austin, and the USS Pearl Harbor.
Sailing with the Roosevelt the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force, which includes the USS Tarawa, the USS Austin, and the USS Pearl Harbor
Sailing the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force, which includes the USS Tarawa, the USS Austin, and the USS Pearl Harborwith the Roosevelt
the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force, which includes the USS Tarawa, the USS Austin, and the USS Pearl HarborSailing with the Roosevelt
The USS Austin is likewise deployed in the Gulf.
deployed in the GulfThe USS Austin
The USS Austin deployed in the Gulf
in the GulfThe USS Austin deployed
The Sunburn missile, with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection, would do terrible damage these ships if Iran chooses to retaliate in the Gulf after an American attack within its borders.
with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detectiondo terrible damage these ships The Sunburn missile
these ships with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detectionThe Sunburn missileterrible damage do
with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detectiondo The Sunburn missilethese ships terrible damage
Beyond the naval threat is the possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraq.
the possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraqthreat is
threat is the possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraq
Currently, the US is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms, shoulder-fired grenades and roadside bombs.
the US facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms, shoulder-fired grenades and roadside bombs
facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms, shoulder-fired grenades and roadside bombsthe US
facing the US an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms, shoulder-fired grenades and roadside bombs
The vaunted American military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare.
The vaunted American military 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded suffered from this form of warfare
The vaunted American military 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfaresuffered
2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded suffered from this form of warfareThe vaunted American military
The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war, a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days.
become The occupation of Iraq
The occupation of Iraq become
If Iran decides to throw any or all of its 23,000 armored fighting vehicles, along with any or all of its nearly million-strong army, into the Iraq fray, the situation in the Middle East could become unspeakably dire.
the situation in the Middle East become
become the situation in the Middle East
3. The Syrian Connection
In February of 2005, Iran and Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat "challenges and threats" in the region.
agreed Iran and Syria In February of 2005upon a mutual protection pact to combat "challenges and threats" in the region
upon a mutual protection pact to combat "challenges and threats" in the regionIran and Syria agreed In February of 2005
Iran and Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat "challenges and threats" in the regionIn February of 2005
This was a specific reaction to the American invasion of Iraq, and a reaction to America's condemnation of Syria after the death of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from Damascus.
This was a specific reaction
was a specific reaction This
An attack on Iran would trigger this mutual defense pact, and could conceivably bring Syria into direct conflict with American forces.
An attack on Iran this mutual defense pacttrigger
An attack on Iran trigger this mutual defense pact
this mutual defense pacttrigger An attack on Iran
Like Iran, Syria's military is nothing to scoff at.
is nothing Like IranSyria's military
is nothing Syria's military Like Iran
Syria's military is nothing Like Iran
Virtually every credible analysis has Syria standing as the strongest military force in the Middle East after Israel.
has Virtually every credible analysis
Virtually every credible analysis has
Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel's overwhelming capabilities.
been intent Damascus for years
Damascus for years been intent
been intent for years Damascus
As of 2002, Syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive artillery capability.
As of 2002had Syria some 215,000 soldiers under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive artillery capability
some 215,000 soldiers under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive artillery capabilityAs of 2002Syria had
Syria some 215,000 soldiers under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive artillery capabilityAs of 2002had
The Syrian Air Force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter/attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons, totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft.
of ten to eleven fighter/attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons, totaling somewhere near 650 aircraftThe Syrian Air Force comprised
The Syrian Air Force comprised of ten to eleven fighter/attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons, totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft
The Syrian Air Force of ten to eleven fighter/attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons, totaling somewhere near 650 aircraftcomprised
Syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region, comprised primarily of SCUD-derived systems.
Syria possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region, comprised primarily of SCUD-derived systems
one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region, comprised primarily of SCUD-derived systemsSyria possesses
Syria one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region, comprised primarily of SCUD-derived systemspossesses
Iran, North Korea and China have been willing providers of state-of-the-art technologies.
been willing providers Iran, North Korea and China
Iran, North Korea and China been willing providers
Compounding this is the well-based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf.
the well-based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian GulfCompounding this
Compounding this the well-based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf
Compounding the well-based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulfthis
4. China and the US Economy
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos, missiles in the Gulf, and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran, all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US/Iran engagement.
in comparison to the involvement of China in any US/Iran engagementall pale
pale all in comparison to the involvement of China in any US/Iran engagement
all in comparison to the involvement of China in any US/Iran engagementpale
China's economy is exploding, hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry.
China's economy exploding
explodingChina's economy
In the last several months, China has inked deals with Iran for $70 billion dollars worth of Iranian oil and natural gas.
China deals with Iran for $70 billion dollars worth of Iranian oil and natural gasIn the last several monthsinked
China inked deals with Iran for $70 billion dollars worth of Iranian oil and natural gasIn the last several months
inked In the last several monthsdeals with Iran for $70 billion dollars worth of Iranian oil and natural gasChina
China will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30 years, will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran, and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field.
purchase China 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas over the next 30 yearsfrom Iran
250 million tons of liquefied natural gas China from Iran over the next 30 yearspurchase
over the next 30 yearspurchase from Iran China 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea, where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China.
China seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea, where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China
seeking China the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea, where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China
seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea, where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to ChinaChina
Any US attack on Iran could be perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health.
Any US attack on Iran perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health
Any US attack on Iran by China as a direct threat to its economic healthperceived
as a direct threat to its economic healthAny US attack on Iran by China perceived
Further, any fighting in the Persian Gulf would imperil the tankers running China's liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz.
the tankers running China's liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuzimperil any fighting in the Persian Gulf
imperil any fighting in the Persian Gulf the tankers running China's liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz
any fighting in the Persian Gulf the tankers running China's liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuzimperil
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran, the US would be faced with a significant threat.
faced the US with a significant threat
with a significant threatfaced the US
the US with a significant threatfaced
This threat exists not merely on a military level, though China could force a confrontation in the Pacific by way of Taiwan.
This threat not merely on a military levelexists
exists not merely on a military levelThis threat
not merely on a military levelexists This threat
More significantly, China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand.
a large portion of the American economy China in the palm of its handholds
in the palm of its handChina holds a large portion of the American economy
holds China a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand
Paul Craig Roberts, writing for The American Conservative, said in July of 2005 that "As a result of many years of persistent trade surpluses with the United States, the Japanese government holds dollar reserves of approximately $1 trillion.
said in July of 2005 Paul Craig Roberts
Paul Craig Robertsin July of 2005 said
in July of 2005 said Paul Craig Roberts
China's accumulation of dollars is approximately $600 billion.
is approximately $China's accumulation of dollars
China's accumulation of dollars is approximately $
South Korea holds about $200 billion.
holds about $200 billionSouth Korea
holds South Korea about $200 billion
South Korea holds about $200 billion
These sums give these countries enormous leverage over the United States.
enormous leverage over the United Statesthese countries These sums give
these countries give enormous leverage over the United StatesThese sums
these countries give These sums enormous leverage over the United States
By dumping some portion of their reserves, these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing.
the dollar under intense pressure these countries put
under intense pressure the dollar these countries put
put the dollar under intense pressure these countries
Washington would really have to anger Japan and Korea to provoke such action, but in a showdown with China - over Taiwan, for example - China holds the cards.
have Washington
Washington have
China and Japan, and the world at large, have more dollar reserves than they require.
China and Japan, and the world at largemore dollar reserves than they requirehave
have China and Japan, and the world at largemore dollar reserves than they require
more dollar reserves than they requireChina and Japan, and the world at largehave
They would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose."
They have no problem
They no problem have
have no problem They
"The hardest blow on Americans," concluded Roberts, "will fall when China does revalue its currency.
fall The hardest blow on Americans
The hardest blow on Americansfall
When China's currency ceases to be undervalued, American shoppers in Wal-Mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China, will think they are in Neiman Marcus.
think American shoppers in Wal-Mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China
American shoppers in Wal-Mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in Chinathink
Price increases will cause a dramatic reduction in American real incomes.
Price increases cause a dramatic reduction in American real incomes
a dramatic reduction in American real incomesPrice increases cause
Price increases a dramatic reduction in American real incomescause
If this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market, American consumers will experience the hardest times since the Great Depression."
the hardest times since the Great Depressionexperience American consumers
experience the hardest times since the Great DepressionAmerican consumers
American consumers the hardest times since the Great Depressionexperience
In short, China has the American economy by the throat.
China has In shortthe American economy by the throat
China In shortby the throathas the American economy
by the throathas the American economy China In short
Should they decide to squeeze, we will all feel it.
itwe feel
we feel it
itfeel we
China's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States.
China's strong hand in this to the diplomatic realmextends
to the diplomatic realmextends China's strong hand in this
China's strong hand in this extends to the diplomatic realm
5. American Preparedness
American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield.
American citizens as a given for decades it taken
for decades as a given it taken American citizens
as a given American citizens for decades taken it
The rapid victory during the first Gulf War cemented this perception.
this perceptioncemented The rapid victory during the first Gulf War
The rapid victory during the first Gulf War this perceptioncemented
cemented The rapid victory during the first Gulf War this perception
The last three years of the Iraq occupation, however, have sapped this confidence.
this confidenceThe last three years of the Iraq occupationsapped
The last three years of the Iraq occupationsapped this confidence
sapped The last three years of the Iraq occupationthis confidence
Worse, the occupation has done great damage to the strength of the American military, justifying the decrease in confidence.
the occupation great damage to the strength of the American militarydone
done to the strength of the American militarygreat damage the occupation
done great damage to the strength of the American militarythe occupation
Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan, recruiting is at an all-time low.
is Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistanrecruiting at an all-time low
recruiting Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistanat an all-time lowis
is at an all-time lowrecruiting Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan
Soldiers with vital training and know-how are refusing to re-enlist.
Soldiers with vital training and know-how refusing
refusing Soldiers with vital training and know-how
Across the board, the American military is stretched to the breaking point.
Across the boardthe American military stretched to the breaking point
to the breaking pointthe American military Across the boardstretched
the American military stretched Across the boardto the breaking point
Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation.
Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation
have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupationTwo vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert -
have Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation
According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia University, the final cost of the Iraq occupation will run between $1 trillion and $2 trillion, surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the Bush administration.
According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia Universitythe final cost of the Iraq occupation between $1 trillion and $2 trillionrun
between $1 trillion and $2 trillionthe final cost of the Iraq occupation According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia Universityrun
between $1 trillion and $2 trillionrun the final cost of the Iraq occupation According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia University
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq, and comes to involve Syria, our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously.
under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneouslyour economy shatter
our economy shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously
under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneouslyshatter our economy
Add to this the economic threat posed by China, and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of Mideast petroleum to the globe.
the economic threat posed by China, and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of Mideast petroleum to the globeAdd to this
to this the economic threat posed by China, and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of Mideast petroleum to the globeAdd
the economic threat posed by China, and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of Mideast petroleum to the globeto this Add
If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments, missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq, our troops there will be fish in a barrel.
our troops there be fish
be fish our troops there
Iran's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair.
resupply by ship and air support from carriers make Iran's position over the Gulf
make Iran's position over the Gulf resupply by ship and air support from carriers
Iran's position over the Gulf make resupply by ship and air support from carriers
In the worst-case scenario, the newly-minted American order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play, hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam.
the newly-minted American order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force into playIn the worst-case scenariocome
In the worst-case scenariothe newly-minted American order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force come into play
into playcome In the worst-case scenariothe newly-minted American order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force
Conclusion: Is Any of This Possible?
The question must be put as directly as possible: what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe?
put The question
The question put
It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq, Iran, Syria and China simultaneously.
Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons, but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat.
suspected Iran by many nations
by many nations Iran suspected
Iran by many nations suspected
Recently, Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that Iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation, and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor.
stated Russian president Vladimir Putin
Russian president Vladimir Putin stated
Therefore, any attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities will bring Russia into the mess.
Russia any attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities bring into the mess
any attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities into the messRussia bring
Russia bring into the messany attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities
Iran also stands accused of aiding terrorism across the globe.
stands Iran
Iran stands
The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so-called "War on Terror."
The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nationseem
seem The dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation
Unfortunately, all the dangers in the world are no match for the self-assurance of a bubble-encased zealot.
are no match all the dangers in the world
all the dangers in the world are no match
What manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous course?
such a dangerous courseundertake What manner of maniac
undertake What manner of maniac such a dangerous course
such a dangerous courseWhat manner of maniac undertake
Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
George W. Bush and his administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action in order to garner political power on the home front.
incredibly dangerous courses of action undertaken George W. Bush and his administration
undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action George W. Bush and his administration
incredibly dangerous courses of action George W. Bush and his administration undertaken
Recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media.
the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the mediaRecall
Recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media
More significantly, recall Iraq.
Iraqrecall
recall Iraq
Karl Rove, Bush's most senior advisor, notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to "run on the war."
Karl Rove, Bush's most senior advisorRepublicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms told
told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms Karl Rove, Bush's most senior advisor
Karl Rove, Bush's most senior advisortold Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms
The invasion of Iraq provided marvelous political cover for the GOP not only during those midterms, but during the 2004 Presidential election.
provided marvelous political cover for the GOP The invasion of Iraq not only during those midterms, but during the 2004 Presidential election
The invasion of Iraq marvelous political cover for the GOP provided not only during those midterms, but during the 2004 Presidential election
provided The invasion of Iraq not only during those midterms, but during the 2004 Presidential electionmarvelous political cover for the GOP
What kind of political cover would be gained from an attack on Iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attack?
What kind of political cover gained from an attack on Iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attack
from an attack on Iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attackWhat kind of political cover gained
gained from an attack on Iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attackWhat kind of political cover
The answer lies in one now-familiar name: Jack Abramoff.
The answer in one now-familiar name: Jack Abramofflies
in one now-familiar name: Jack AbramoffThe answer lies
in one now-familiar name: Jack Abramofflies The answer
The Abramoff scandal threatens to subsume all the hard-fought GOP gains in Congress, and the 2006 midterms are less than a year away.
threatens The Abramoff scandal
The Abramoff scandal threatens
Is any of this a probability?
Logic says no, but logic seldom plays any part in modern American politics.
says Logic
Logic says
All arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth.
All arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth
run into one unavoidable truthAll arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover
into one unavoidable truthAll arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run
They did it once already in Iraq.
did it They in Iraq
it in IraqThey did
in Iraqdid it They
By Graydon Carter (excepted from "What We've Lost", published by Little Brown)
68.4 - Average Number of species added to the Endangered and Threatened Species list each year between 1991 and 2000.
0 - Number of endangered species voluntarily added by the Bush administration since taking office.
408 - Number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global-warming trend continues.
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water, pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech.
His father was the last president to go through an entire State of the Union address without mentioning the environment.
His father was the last president
was the last president His father
1 - Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the EPA's 600-page "Draft Report on the Environment" presented in 2003.
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012.
The United States was to cut its level by 7 per cent.
was The United States
The United States was
1 The rank of the United States worldwide in terms of greenhouse gas emissions.
25 - Percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the United States is responsible for.
53 - Number of days after taking office that Bush reneged on his campaign promise to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from power plants.
14 - Percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under Bush's own global-warming plan (an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels).
5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken.
$44m- Amount the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and mining industries.
200 - Number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening environmental laws in Bush's first three years in office.
31 - Number of Bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry (includes four cabinet secretaries, the six most powerful White House officials, and more than 20 other high-level appointees).
50= Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5pm, a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience.
50 - Percentage decline in Environmental Protection Agency enforcement actions against polluters under Bush's watch.
34 - Percentage decline in criminal penalties for environmental crimes since Bush took office.
50 - Percentage decline in civil penalties for environmental crimes since Bush took office.
$6.1m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations.
$3.7m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration.
62 - Number of members of Cheney's 63-person Energy Task Force with ties to corporate energy interests.
0 - Number of environmentalists asked to attend Cheney's Energy Task Force meetings.
6 - Number of months before 11 September that Cheney's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq's oil reserves.
2 - Percentage of the world's population that is British.
2 - Percentage of the world's oil used by Britain.
5 - Percentage of the world's population that is American.
25 - Percentage of the world's oil used by America.
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003, a record high.
24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush's Clear Skies initiative.
300 - Number of Clean Water Act violations by the mountaintop-mining industry in 2003.
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military, the world's biggest polluter, generates around the world each year.
$3.8bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 1995, the Year "polluter pays" fees expired.
$0 - Amount of uncommitted dollars in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 2003.
270 - Estimated number of court decisions citing federal Negligence in endangered-species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the Bush administration.
100 - Percentage of those decisions that Bush then decided to allow the government to ignore indefinitely.
50- Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from long-term health problems, almost half of whom don't have health insurance.
78 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from lung ailments.
88 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who Now suffer from ear, nose, or throat problems.
22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times higher than the levels in Libby, Montana, where the W R Grace mine produced one of the worst Superfund disasters in US history.
1 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security issued between 20 January 2001 and 10 September 2001 that mentioned al-Qa'ida.
104 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned Iraq or Saddam Hussein.
101 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned missile defence.
65 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction.
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union addresses.
73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses.
83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam, Iraq, or regime (as in change) in his three State of the Union addresses.
$1m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, received from Prince Bandar, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend.
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union addresses.
1,700- Percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian spending on public relations in the United States.
79 - Percentage of the 11 September hijackers who came from Saudi Arabia.
3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US-Saudi "Visa Express" programme.
140 - Number of Saudis, including members of the Bin Laden family, evacuated from United States almost immediately after 11 September.
14 - Number of Immigration and Naturalisation Service (INS) agents assigned to track down 1,200 known illegal immigrants in the United States from countries where al-Qa'ida is active.
$3m - Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9/11 Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks.
$0 - Amount approved by George Bush to hire more INS special agents.
$10m- Amount Bush cut from the INS's existing terrorism budget.
$50m - Amount granted to the commission that looked into the Columbia space shuttle crash.
$5m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling.
7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay.
George Bush: Military man
1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard, Nearly two years before his six-year obligation was up.
$3,500 - Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service.
600-700 - Number of guardsmen who were in Bush's unit during that period.
0 - Number of guardsmen from that period who came forward with information about Bush's guard service.
0 - Number of minutes that President Bush, Vice-President Dick Cheney, the Defence Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, the assistant Defence Secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board, Richard Perle, and the White House Chief of Staff, Karl Rove - the main proponents of the war in Iraq -served in combat (combined).
0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq.
8 - Number of members of the US Senate and House of Representatives who have a child serving in the military.
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President "a joke" in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper.
46 - Percentage increase in sales between 2001 and 2002 of GI Joe figures (children's toys).
Ambitious warrior
2 - Number of Nations that George Bush has attacked and taken over since coming into office.
130 - Approximate Number of countries (out of a total of 191 recognised by the United Nations) with a US military presence.
43 - Percentage of the entire world's military spending that the US spends on defence.
(That was in 2002, the year before the invasion of Iraq.)
That in 2002
in 2002That
$401.3b - Proposed military budget for 2004.
Saviour of Iraq
1983 - The year in which Donald Rumsfeld, Ronald Reagan's special envoy to the Middle East, gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift.
2.5 - Number of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect in the 11 September attacks that he brought up reasons to "hit" Iraq.
237 - Minimum number of misleading statements on Iraq made by top Bush administration officials between 2002 and January 2004, according to the California Representative Henry Waxman.
10m - Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003, in opposition to the invasion of Iraq, the largest simultaneous protest in world history.
$2b - Estimated monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq projected by the White House in April 2003.
$4b - Actual monthly cost of the US military presence in Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in 2004.
$15m - Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq.
$80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent (using Saddam's confiscated funds) to build the same factory, after delays prevented the American firm from starting it.
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was "we wouldn't do anything in Iraq".
$4.7b - Total value of contracts awarded to Halliburton in Iraq and Afghanistan.
$680m - Estimated value of Iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to Bechtel.
$2.8b - Value of Bechtel Corp contracts in Iraq.
$120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year.
35 - Number of countries to which the United States suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court.
92 - Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002.
60 - Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2003.
55 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war.
80 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who are unemployed a Year after the war.
0 - Number of American combat deaths in Germany after the Nazi surrender in May 1945.
37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003, the month combat operations "officially" ended.
0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed.
0 - Number of memorial services for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the beginning of the war.
A soldier's best friend
40,000 - Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests, designed to stop a round from an AK-47.
$60m - Estimated cost of outfitting those 40,000 soldiers with Interceptor vests.
62 - Percentage of gas masks that army investigators discovered did Not work properly in autumn 2002.
90 - Percentage of detectors which give early warning of a biological weapons attack found to be defective.
87 - Percentage of Humvees in Iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping AK-47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003.
Making the country safer
the country Making
Making the country
$3.29- Average amount allocated per person Nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants.
$94.40 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in American Samoa.
$36 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming, Vice-President Cheney's home state.
$17 - Amount allocated per person in New York state.
$5.87 - Amount allocated per person in New York City.
$77.92 - Amount allocated per person in New Haven, Connecticut, home of Yale University, Bush's alma mater.
76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first-response units.
5 - Number of major US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically.
22,600 - Number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into New York each month.
5 - Estimated Percentage of US air cargo that is screened, including cargo transported on passenger planes.
95 - Percentage of foreign goods that arrive in the United States by sea.
2 - Percentage of those goods subjected to thorough inspection.
$5.5b - Estimated cost to secure fully US ports over the Next decade.
$0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003.
$46m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005.
15,000 - Number of major chemical facilities in the United States.
100 - Number of US chemical plants where a terrorist act could endanger the lives of more than one million people.
0 - Number of new drugs or vaccines against "priority pathogens" listed by the Centres for Disease Control that have been developed and introduced since 11 September 2001.
Giving a hand up to the advantaged
a hand up to the advantaged Giving
Giving a hand up to the advantaged
$10.9m - Average wealth of the members of Bush's original 16-person cabinet.
75 - Percentage of Americans unaffected by Bush's sweeping 2003 cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes.
$42,000 - Average savings members of Bush's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes.
10 - Number of fellow members from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush has named to important positions (including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson).
79 - Number of Bush's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father's administration.
A man with a lot of friends
$113m - Amount of total hard money the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign received, a record.
$11.5m - Amount of hard money raised through the Pioneer programme, the controversial fund-raising process created for the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign.
(Participants pledged to raise at least $100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to $1,000 from friends and family.
pledged Participants
Participants pledged
Pioneers were assigned numbers, which were included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much.)
Pioneers numbers, which were included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how muchassigned
numbers, which were included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how muchassigned Pioneers
assigned numbers, which were included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how muchPioneers
George Bush: Money manager
4.7m - Number of bankruptcies that were declared during Bush's first three years in office.
2002 - The worst year for major markets since the recession of the 1970s.
$489b - The US trade deficit in 2003, the worst in history for a single year.
$5.6t - Projected national surplus forecast by the end of the decade when Bush took office in 2001.
$7.22t - US national debt by mid-2004.
George Bush: Tax cutter
87 - Percentage of American families in April 2004 who say they have felt no benefit from Bush's tax cuts.
39 - Percentage of tax cuts that will go to the top 1 per cent of American families when fully phased in.
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office.
88 - Percentage of American families who will save less than $100 on their 2006 federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains and dividends taxes.
$30,858 - Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003.
Employment tsar
9.3m - Number of US unemployed in April 2004.
2.3m - Number of Americans who lost their jobs during first three Years of the Bush administration.
22m - Number of jobs gained during Clinton's eight years in office.
Friend of the poor
34.6m - Number of Americans living below the poverty line (1 in 8 of the population).
6.8m - Number of people in the workforce but still classified as poor.
35m - Number of Americans that the government defines as "food insecure," in other words, hungry.
$300m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes.
40 - Percentage of wealth in the United States held by the richest 1 per cent of the population.
18 - Percentage of wealth in Britain held by the richest 1e per cent of the population.
George Bush And his special friend
$60b - Loss to Enron stockholders, following the largest bankruptcy in US history.
$205m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four-year period.
$101m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt.
$59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign.
30 - Length of time in months between Enron's collapse and Lay (whom the President called "Kenny Boy") still not being charged with a crime.
George Bush: Lawman
15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of Texas.
46 - Percentage of Republican federal judges when Bush came to office.
57 - Percentage of Republican federal judges after three years of the Bush administration.
33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes.
The Civil libertarian
680 - Number of suspected al-Qa'ida members that the United States admits are detained at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba.
42 - Number of nationalities of those detainees at Guantanamo.
22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed, shackled, and made to wear surgical masks, earmuffs, and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo.
32 - Number of confirmed suicide attempts by Guantanamo Bay prisoners.
24 - Number of prisoners in mid-2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in Guantanamo's new mental ward.
A health-conscious president
43.6m - Number of Americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 (more than 15 per cent of the population).
2.4m - Number of Americans who lost their health insurance during Bush's first year in office.
Image booster for the US
2,500- Number of public-diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further the image of the US abroad in 1991.
1,200 - Number of public-diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004.
4- Rank of the United States among countries considered to be the greatest threats to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study (Israel, Iran, and North Korea were considered more dangerous; Iraq was considered less dangerous).
$66b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949.
$23.8b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002.
85- Percentage of Indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the United States in 2003.
Second-party endorsements
90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001.
67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2002.
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September, 2003.
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003.
49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004.
More like the French than he would care to admit
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003, the second-longest vacation of any president in US history.
(Record holder Richard Nixon.)
13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year.
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden Determined to Strike US Targets."
500 - Number of days Bush has spent all or part of his time away from the White House at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, his parents' retreat in Kennebunkport, Maine, or Camp David as of 1 April 2004.
No fool when it comes to the press
11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being "trick" ones.
Factors in his favor
3 - Number of companies that control the US voting technology market.
52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software, the largest voting-technology firm, a big Republican donor.
29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that don't produce a paper record.
17 - On 17 November 2001, The Economist printed a correction for having said George Bush was properly elected in 2000.
$113m- Amount raised by the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign, the most in American electoral history.
$185m - Amount raised by the Bush-Cheney 2004 re-election campaign, to the end of March 2004.
$200m - Amount that the Bush-Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004.
268 Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Pioneer status (by raising $100,000 each) as of March 2004.
187 - Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Ranger status (by raising $200,000 each) as of March 2004.
$64.2m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush-Cheney as of March 2004.
85 - Percentage of Americans who can't Name the Chief Justice of the United States.
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks.
34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam's "weapons of mass destruction" had been found.
22- Percentage of Americans who believed in May 2003 that Saddam had used his WMDs on US forces.
85 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find Afghanistan, Iraq, or Israel on a map.
30 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the Pacific Ocean on a map.
75 - Percentage of American young adults who don't know the population of the United States.
53 - Percentage of Canadian young adults who don't know the population of the United States.
11 - Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the United States on a map.
30 - Percentage of Americans who believe that "politics and government are too complicated to understand."
Another factor in his favor
70m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God.
23m - Number of Evangelicals who voted for Bush in 2000.
50m- Number of voters in total who voted for Bush in 2000.
46 - Percentage of voters who describe themselves as born-again Christians.
5 - Number of states that do not use the word "evolution" in public school science courses.
My dad just doesn't understand?
understandMy dad
My dad understand
Ugh my dad is so stupid... he just doesn't understand anything!
my dad is so stupid
is so stupidmy dad
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom... he is the only guy in a house of six females.
I have 5 sisters
have 5 sisters I
5 sisters have I
Now I'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it's a good thing?
I'm the youngest
'm the youngest I
He's always like "ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours, I wish I had mine!" and he isn't even joking.
Healways like "ohh you must be so happy
always like "ohh you must be so happy He
I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy?
I think
think I
Yep, the females are just getting to him... dads..
to himthe females getting
getting the females to him
getting to himthe females
Don't blame him please, he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you, please forgive and sympathy if he miss something.
blame him
him blame
I am sorry for him, he is a good dad
I for himam sorry
for himam sorry I
am sorry I for him
Equine collages uk NEED HELP!!!?
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 (degrees or foundation degrees) in either:
the names some collages that do post 18 (degrees or foundation degrees) in eithersomebody me give
somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 (degrees or foundation degrees) in either
me give the names some collages that do post 18 (degrees or foundation degrees) in eithersomebody
Horse behaviour/training or
Equine psychology
No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experience.
employs because of what they received on work experienceNo one people from Hartpury
people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experienceNo one employs
people from Hartpury No one because of what they received on work experienceemploys
Merrist Wood (I'm there on a NVQ equine course) do HND in equine management.
HND in equine managementdo Merrist Wood (I'm there on a NVQ equine course)
Merrist Wood (I'm there on a NVQ equine course) HND in equine managementdo
Merrist Wood (I'm there on a NVQ equine course) do HND in equine management
Your best bet is to look on UCAS and do a course search.
Your best bet is
is Your best bet
Merrist Wood in Woking in Surrey.
Moreton Morrell in Coventry, Warwickshire
Hartpury College (I think that is the name, but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion), in Gloucestershire.
Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do.
onto the UCAS websiteGo
Go onto the UCAS website
They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply.
Theya comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to applyyou give
a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to applyTheygive you
you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to applygive They
Besides from Pacquiao, what else is The Philipines famous for?
Cheap hookers
You shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene.
You ask this question
ask You this question
ask this question You
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country.
is famous In fact Philippines
Philippines is famous In fact
In fact is famous Philippines
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs, as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs
They need
need They
Being the texting capital of the world.
Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student?
you recommend
recommend you
I've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part of my course..if you know about Limerick, what are the pros and cons?
given Ithe opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part of my course
the opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part of my coursegiven I
Ithe opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part of my coursegiven
and would you recommend it as a student?
you recommend it as a student
recommend as a studentit you
it you as a studentrecommend
The L.I.T is so close to Moyross, yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross still go there.
The L.I.T is so close to Moyross
to Moyrossis so close The L.I.T
to MoyrossThe L.I.T is so close
Limerick's a great student city, there's loads on, you'll be spoilt for choice.
Limerickstudent city
student cityLimerick
In fact, you probably won't ever want to leave.
want In factyou
you want In fact
you In factwant
Orla got it in one.
Orla got it in one
Orla it in onegot
got it in oneOrla
Although there is 'bad press' directing at AREA'S of limerick, but nowhere near the university.
'bad press' directing at AREA'S of limerick, but nowhere near the universityis
is 'bad press' directing at AREA'S of limerick, but nowhere near the university
Limerick is such a full city, shopping, night life, career choices, social choices, I came here about 12 years ago for college.....and Orla got it spot on, I haven't left, nor would I.
Limerick is such a full city
is such a full cityLimerick
Its now my home.
Its now my home
s now my homeIt
My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install.
with most custom ROMs I installcrashes My myTouch 4G
crashes with most custom ROMs I installMy myTouch 4G
My myTouch 4G with most custom ROMs I installcrashes
Can that be fixed?
that fixed
fixedthat
I really like the MIUI, but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds.
the MIUII like
like the MIUII
I like the MIUI
And I can't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod.
load I the newest version of Cyanogen Mod
the newest version of Cyanogen ModI load
the newest version of Cyanogen Modload I
not by the company... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms
you are best to either recover to the standard ROM, or find one that doesn't crash.
you are best
are best you
cynangon mod should work.
workcynangon mod
cynangon mod work
Have you tried using clockwork recovery?
tried you
you tried
Get the older version of Cynagon mod.
Get the older version of Cynagon mod
the older version of Cynagon modGet
Also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake.
a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snakeuse you
use you a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake
you a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snakeuse
Those roms focus on speed and stability.
focus on speed and stabilityThose roms
Those roms on speed and stabilityfocus
Those roms focus on speed and stability
Or you could just use a home screen launcher replacement.
use you a home screen launcher replacement
you use a home screen launcher replacement
a home screen launcher replacementuse you
I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher.
go launcher or adw launcherI recommend
go launcher or adw launcherrecommend I
I go launcher or adw launcherrecommend
They are both excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit.
are both excellent They
They are both excellent
As a mytouch 4g owner I know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom.
know As a mytouch 4g owner I
As a mytouch 4g owner know I
know I As a mytouch 4g owner
Hope you read through this.
are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place?
and how big are they?
big are they
theybig are
im 33.
m 33i
im 33
ive never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all...i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window.
yorkshire moors at alli
at allyorkshire moors i
at alliyorkshire moors
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors.
that was the only time
was the only time that
can anyone give me information about them?
information about themgive me anyone
me anyone information about themgive
information about themgive anyone me
They can be bleak and eerie, often very exposed, often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds, stone circles and settlements--until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands,then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil.
They be bleak
be bleak They
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland.
abandoned The people their farms and religious sites
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites
The people their farms and religious sites abandoned
They can also be very beautiful when the purple heather is out, and they are habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflowers.
They be very beautiful
be very beautiful They
I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope?
a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lopeI have
I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope
have I a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope
My appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope.
on her left lead at the lopeis very heavy My appy
is very heavy on her left lead My appy at the lope
at the lopeon her left lead My appy is very heavy
She seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat...
She seems
seems She
How could I work with her to get off her four hand,get balance, and lope smoothly and slowly??
I with her work
with her work I
work I with her
Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step, it's in the feeling when you feel her think trot, tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving.
a pair of spurs Put on
Put on a pair of spurs
If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant.
Lope her to the left in circles, keep her head to the inside of the circle and push her but out, keep doing this if she breaks to a jog go a little bit bigger circle, till she can get enough balance to go small and small.circles
in circlesto the left Lope her
in circlesLope her to the left
her Lope to the left in circles
my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA...?
hi everyone....just hav my hands on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera..wel,i always wanted 2 hav one by sony..but anyways,ended up having olympus X940 from my dad.......does any1 already has it?
my hands on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camerahav
hav my hands on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera
how has ur experience with it?
ur experience with ithas
has ur experience with it
is it a gud option for casual/formal functions photography?????
wht abt its picture quality???
is it comparable to sony products or not??
it has 14 mega pixel camera...n 4xwide optical zoom...
has it 14 mega pixel camera...n 4xwide optical zoom
14 mega pixel camera...n 4xwide optical zoomit has
14 mega pixel camera...n 4xwide optical zoomhas it
ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated.......thanks!!!!!!!
appreciatedur answers and reviews
ur answers and reviews appreciated
Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects.
Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera filters has
filters has Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera
filters Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera has
It is def worth more than the price.
It more than the priceis def worth
is def worth It more than the price
It is def worth more than the price
I am VERY satisfied.
I am VERY satisfied
am VERY satisfiedI
A good camera for the plain point and shoot.
My answer is that we don't to text speak here... we type in English.
is My answer
My answer is
Get your English in order before writing here again please.
in order your English Get
Get your English in order
in order Get your English
dead pixel of my photos?
just want to ask..i have an nikon dslr..im wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200-300percent..i can see some dead pixel...is there something wrong with my camera body?
lens?
or what?
please help me..and what should i do to fix this problem?
help me
mehelp
or it is normal?
is normalit
it is normal
Are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor?
Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity
Put the camera on manual focus
on manual focus Put the camera
the camera Put on manual focus
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops
a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens Take
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens
You will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
in the image You see
see You in the image
You in the image see
Cure is to get the sensor cleaned
Cure is
is Cure
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long exposures.
a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long exposures. be
be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long exposures.
New Zealand skilled migrant visa?
If you apply for a skilled migrant workers visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you can't find something in your own field.
have you
you have
I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and can't get any info, does anyone know.???
I posted this question on the NZ visa site
on the NZ visa site posted this question I
this question posted on the NZ visa site I
Watch out the poles are coming.....my little butterfly
That would be preferable but it doesn't matter, could be something similar
be preferable That
That be preferable
It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa.
depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visaIt
on the conditions of your skilled migrant visaIt depends
depends It on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa
Your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector.
Your visa say
say Your visa
If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector.
work in any sectoryou
work you in any sector
you in any sectorwork
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa.
It matters
matters It
In Chicago, what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget?
the best restaurant to dine at on a budgetIn Chicagowhat is
In Chicagothe best restaurant to dine at on a budgetwhat is
what is In Chicagothe best restaurant to dine at on a budget
Downtown Chicago, Loop, North
Take the red line to Clark, then you turn right.
to Clarkthe red line Take
to ClarkTake the red line
Take the red line to Clark
Walk 2 blocks then turn right again.
2 blocks Walk
Walk 2 blocks
Walk 2 more blocks then cross the street.
2 more blocks Walk
Walk 2 more blocks
You will get to a place called "BIG BOWL".
to a place called "BIG BOWL"You get
You get to a place called "BIG BOWL"
get You to a place called "BIG BOWL"
THAI FOOD AND ASIAN.
BEST PLACE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
McDonalds
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go.
A lunch will be less expensive than a dinner.
A lunch than a dinnerbe less expensive
A lunch be less expensive than a dinner
be less expensive A lunch than a dinner
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner.
appetizers rather than a full meal order You
appetizers rather than a full meal You order
order appetizers rather than a full meal You
But the best way is to use coupons.
is the best way
the best way is
Check out http://www.restaurant.com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices.
http://www.restaurant.com Check out
Check out http://www.restaurant.com
Yo also may want to try "small neighborhood" restaurants and support family run places rather than the large corporate chains.
want Yo
Yo want
Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area.
is anything wrong with that
anything wrong with that is
Is there any cure for mouse poison?
Is any cure for mouse poison
any cure for mouse poisonIs
I found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house, and since I was able to catch it very easily (normally mice move at the speed of light), and since it was acting unresponsive, I thought it was infected with mouse poison, since my friend uses it.
found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends houseI
a poor little mouse walking around in my friends houseI found
I a poor little mouse walking around in my friends housefound
I know that the mouse will probably die, but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison?
I know
know I
I just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .
hate I
I hate
Without knowing the exact poison, no.
knowing the exact poison
the exact poisonknowing
A common one is arsenic and there really isn't a way to cure that.
is arsenic A common one
A common one is arsenic
Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use CO2 to put the mouse to sleep.
to an emergency vet the mouse Take
to an emergency vet Take the mouse
the mouse Take to an emergency vet
Or, you can put the animal in a snap trap designed for rats or mice since that is the only really humane kill method for invasive animals.
in a snap trap designed for rats or mice you put the animal
the animal put in a snap trap designed for rats or mice you
in a snap trap designed for rats or mice the animal you put
A quick cure would be Arm & Hammer to it's head.
A quick cure be Arm
be Arm A quick cure
Crayola Air- Dry Clay?
Ok.
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend.
a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for I have
have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for I
I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for
She loves giraffes and homemade things!
She giraffes and homemade thingsloves
giraffes and homemade thingsShe loves
loves She giraffes and homemade things
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture.
I am very artistic
am very artistic I
I don't have much money so I bought Crayola Air-Dry Clay.
I much money have
have much money I
have I much money
I have sculpted the giraffe laying down.
sculpted the giraffe laying downI
I sculpted the giraffe laying down
the giraffe laying downI sculpted
The key is...I have a few problems:
isThe key
The key is
1. I tested it out by making a figure boat
And after 4 days when it dried it was very fragile!
was very fragileafter 4 days it
it was very fragileafter 4 days
it after 4 days was very fragile
(like VERY not in a good way)
Is there any way to strengthen it?
Is any way to strengthen it
any way to strengthen itIs
2. What kind of paint do I use to paint the giraffe?
use What kind of paint I
I What kind of paint use
I use What kind of paint
3. Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln?
Is any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln
any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kilnIs
air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent, so you can leave the wire armature inside, paint with acrylic paint
on armatures air dry clay works
works on armatures air dry clay
on armatures works air dry clay
taking young cat with me for a week out of state?
out of statefor a week young cat taking with me
for a week with me young cat taking out of state
taking out of stateyoung cat with me for a week
good idea?
i have a 3-4 month old kitten and i live in forida.
i have a 3-4 month old kitten
a 3-4 month old kitten have i
have i a 3-4 month old kitten
i am going to my grandmas in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia.
i to my grandmas in north carolina going
going i to my grandmas in north carolina
going to my grandmas in north carolina i
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside.
My cat is a outside cat
is a outside cat My cat
she is also good in a carrier.
is also good in a carriershe
she in a carrieris also good
she is also good in a carrier
Should i bring her?
heri bring
i herbring
bring heri
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside?
she to a litter box insideadapt
to a litter box insideshe adapt
adapt to a litter box insideshe
We took our cat Mitten camping.
We our cat Mitten took
took our cat Mitten We
We took our cat Mitten
He loved it.
He loved it
loved itHe
loved He it
But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats).
he was an inside/outside cat
was an inside/outside cat he
He was trained to a harness/leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside.
trained He to a harness/leash for outside time
He for outside time trained to a harness/leash
for outside time He trained to a harness/leash
If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan, you may have a problem taking her.
have you a problem
a problem you have
have a problem you
NO!
changing its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get depressed, mean, sick, or will not want to be around you.
What cleaners should I use for dusting around my parakeet?
What cleaners use I
What cleaners I use
use I What cleaners
What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie.
What cleaners use I
use I What cleaners
use What cleaners I
Would pledge be ok?
be okpledge
pledge be ok
If not, what is?
what is
iswhat
Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they don't require cleaner.
swiffer duster Your best bet
Your best bet swiffer duster
If you must use a cleaner, pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated.
be fine pledge
pledge be fine
I have had parakeets for a VERY long time, and I use pledge.
parakeets had for a VERY long timeI
had for a VERY long timeI parakeets
had I parakeets for a VERY long time
Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate.
for a while keep a window
keep for a while a window
for a while a window keep
I agree w the answer from Nothing.
I w the answer from Nothingagree
I agree w the answer from Nothing
w the answer from Nothingagree I
Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is barely damp w water will work fine.
work Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is barely damp w water
Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is barely damp w water work
Swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth is excellent.
Swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth is excellent
is excellentSwiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth
I use Miracle Cloth, they're fantastic, just don't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them, it ruins their "grabbing" ability.
use Miracle ClothI
Miracle Clothuse I
I Miracle Clothuse
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird.
RP: Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid...?
I didn't get to read the answers lol :(
I get
get I
I'm not gonna say who, they are on now.
gonI
Igon
I don't want them to commit suicide or something haha
them want I
I want them
I them want
LOL Callum
nononononono
its definitely not you.
its definitely not you
s definitely not youit
Its not any of you lol
s not any It
Its not any
i emailed you saaaaaam.
you emailed i
emailed you i
you i emailed
I don't know.
I know
knowI
how did you know.
knowyou
you know
it's not me is it!?
's not me it
it's not me
I'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:
Ijoking
joking I
iguzwhat lol
guziwhat
iguzwhat
what guzi
whoooooo?
sorry but i can't help my stupidity =(
i help my stupidity
my stupidity i help
help my stupidity i
EDIT: I love how she says it's not callum but doesn't deny it's me....i think we all know who she's talking about...
EDIT: now i'm curious...
EDIT: How did I know...
lol they really aren't that much worse than me
aren't that much worse they than me
they than me aren't that much worse
than me aren't that much worse they
and their gpa was better than mine....
their gpa was better than mine
was better than minetheir gpa
was better their gpa than mine
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep.ireland and put a irish pay,go dongle init?
in u.k a laptop i buy
buy in u.k a laptop i
i in u.k a laptop buy
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall?
i want
want i
thanks people
Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere.
And every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL.
are Region every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK
every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region
There won't be a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital.
be a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital.
a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital. be
But word of advice if you're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure its a good brand a not something like DELL, Acer, Asus, eMachines etc.
just a heads up.
yes of course you can....
you can
canyou
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here
have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here I
many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here I have
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question.
USB sticks are the same
are the same USB sticks
How do I take care of my newborn baby fish?
care take of my newborn baby fishI
take of my newborn baby fishcare I
of my newborn baby fishI care take
I am nervous that my other fish will eat them, and I don't know what to feed them!
I am nervous
am nervous I
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank.
around 25 of them counted I
I around 25 of them counted
around 25 of them I counted
You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish (also the parents) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten.
all the babies move You into a fry net breeder
You into a fry net breeder all the babies move
all the babies You into a fry net breeder move
Feed the babies 3-4 times a day with flakes.
Feed with flakesthe babies 3-4 times a day
3-4 times a day with flakesthe babies Feed
with flakes3-4 times a day the babies Feed
Provide plenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc in the tank.
in the tankProvide plenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc
in the tankplenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc Provide
Provide in the tankplenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc
Its natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded.
Look in the pet stores for "fry food" or "baby fish foods".
Look for "fry food" or "baby fish foods"
for "fry food" or "baby fish foods"Look
what kind of newborn fish you have?
you what kind of newborn fish have
haveyou what kind of newborn fish
you havewhat kind of newborn fish
some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes
till a certain age eat there fish some parents
some parents till a certain age there fish eat
eat some parents there fish till a certain age
I have a question about McDonald's Monopoly!
a question about McDonald's MonopolyI have
have a question about McDonald's MonopolyI
have I a question about McDonald's Monopoly
Please HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you can?
you can
canyou
TEN POINTS!!!!!!!!!!?
Ok, I know that Mcdonald's has Monopoly going on right now.
I know
know I
& I wanna know what food has the game pieces.
I wan
wanI
And what food has EXTRA game pieces.
EXTRA game pieceshas what food
what food EXTRA game pieceshas
EXTRA game pieceswhat food has
Because Large Fries give you FOUR PIECES!
give you Large Fries FOUR PIECES
FOUR PIECESgive Large Fries you
Large Fries give you FOUR PIECES
When most of the food or drinks I got only included two!
twomost of the food or drinks I got included
included twomost of the food or drinks I got
most of the food or drinks I got included two
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD!
list somebody ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD
list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOODsomebody
somebody list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD
PLEASE!!!!!!
The person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS!!!!!!!
REWARDED WITH TEN POINTSThe person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question
The person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS
WITH TEN POINTSREWARDED The person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question
PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!!
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
YOUTHANK
THANK YOU
scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy (:
4 Peels:
- 20 piece Chicken McNuggets
- Large fries
2 Peels:
- Big Mac
- 10 piece Chicken McNuggets
- Medium Fountain Drink
- McCAFE Drink
- Filet-O-Fish
- Hash Browns
- Egg McMuffin, Sausage
- Fruit & Maple Oatmeal
bearded dragon spikes?
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes/spines (whatever you call them) on their side and face area ever go hard.
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them
they supposed
supposed they
becca is right .
is right becca
becca is right
iv owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time.. they dont go hard lik eneedle hard but they arnt pillow soft.
ibeardies for ovr 3 yrs owned
owned beardies ifor ovr 3 yrs
iowned beardies for ovr 3 yrs
they use them to look prickly.. would you try to eat a cactus [if u had no knife] i know i wouldnt.
them use they
them they use
use them they
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if ur holding them to tight :)
they puff
puff they
Theyre not really hard.
Theyre not really hard
re not really hardThey
Beardies are actually quite delicate.
are actually quite delicateBeardies
Beardies are actually quite delicate
I'm assuming it's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies.
assuming I
Iassuming
they dont hurt unless your stupid enough to press on them.
hurt they
they hurt
They just are there as an adaptation.
as an adaptationThey are
They are as an adaptation
as an adaptationare They
what is a kimberwick bit used for?
Used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking, hunting and doing cross country.
as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking, hunting and doing cross countryUsed
Used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking, hunting and doing cross country
It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues.
curb bit It
It curb bit
It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein, though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins.
is not as precise as a pelham bit It
It is not as precise as a pelham bit
as a pelham bit It is not as precise
The lower the reins, the stronger the action and the lower the reins the stronger the action on the poll too.
the action stronger
stronger the action
Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently.
Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently
for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independentlyUseful
For horses that are strong pullers.
It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure.
you gives a little leverage and curb pressureIt
you It a little leverage and curb pressuregives
gives you a little leverage and curb pressureIt
It's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle.
Itfor horses that need a little more than a snaffle's nice
for horses that need a little more than a snaffle's nice It
's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffleIt
I know that's vague, but it depends on the horse.
I know
know I
The rider needs to have independent hands as well, because you do NOT want to pull too hard on a bit like that. ;)
needs The rider
The rider needs
How long to save up for a canon t3i?
for a canon t3isave up
save up for a canon t3i
I want to save up for a canon t3i, around 750-800 + :(
want I
I want
I'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch, sometimes a bit more, I plan to save 10 dollars every week :)
I'm currently 12
'm currently 12 I
My birthday is in november and I get about .... 150 or more since i hate my dads family.. haha
My birthday in november
in november My birthday
Chinese new year ~ 300
christmas ~ 100
and yeaa...
Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save/gain money? :O
someone cunclude
cunclude someone
Hey,
Be happy you get a bit, many of us never got nothing :)
There's a Canon EOS T2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen.
's a Canon EOS T2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen
a Canon EOS T2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen's
It's around $100 less, which means you get the same camera but quicker!
Here's a DSLR Buying Guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
a DSLR Buying Guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/ Here's
Here's a DSLR Buying Guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
Don't worry about it.
worry about it
about itworry
If you can't even do basic math, you'll never figure out how to use a DSLR camera properly.
figure out you
youfigure out
hey kido u made me smile
u made me
u me made
me made u
does the POP drying time slow down if it not exposed to air?
the POP drying time slow down
slow down the POP drying time
its for a craft project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing....
itcraft project
craft projectit
took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud"
took a bit of searching
a bit of searching took
Plaster of Paris does two things
does Plaster of Paris two things
Plaster of Paris two things does
Plaster of Paris does two things
- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and
it sets
sets it
- it dries out, losing the water that is soaked into the set structure
it dries out
dries outit
For example, a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#LGGOBPROJ
be dry For examplea set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting
a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting For examplebe dry
For examplea set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting be dry
Dwarf Hamster Making Too Much Noise On Wheel at Night?
Making Dwarf Hamster On Wheel at NightToo Much Noise
Too Much Noise Dwarf Hamster at NightMaking On Wheel
Dwarf Hamster Too Much Noise On Wheel at NightMaking
I'm getting a dwarf Hamster tomorrow And i was just talking to my Mom and she said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep But i told her no because i said their energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers But i heard their are wheels that dont make noise at all what would be the price of it?
Ia dwarf Hamster getting tomorrow
Itomorrow getting a dwarf Hamster
a dwarf Hamster getting Itomorrow
I'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise .
is all you need to do
all you need to do is
That might work
work That
That work
Super Pet Silent Spinner Exercise Wheel
Our Price: $10.99 to 12.99 PETSMART!
works well lasts long.
I have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it -
I a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it have
a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it have I
have I a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it
he makes so much MORE noise, as he plays and digs and jumps (seriously)
makes he so much MORE noise
makes so much MORE noisehe
so much MORE noisehe makes
wheels are relatively noiseless -
wheels are relatively noiseless
are relatively noiseless wheels
a few squeaks from a wheel are better than the full wrath of a bored pet!
are better than the full wrath of a bored peta few squeaks from a wheel
than the full wrath of a bored petare better a few squeaks from a wheel
are better a few squeaks from a wheel than the full wrath of a bored pet
Change of boarding station?
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter?
change I against the ticket I booked a month back from countermy boarding station
against the ticket I booked a month back from counterI my boarding station change
my boarding station change I against the ticket I booked a month back from counter
My origin Station is Howrah, but I want to board at Asansol..
is HowrahMy origin Station
My origin Station is Howrah
Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah?
pass Asansol your train
Asansol pass your train
Asansol your train pass
If yes, you don't need to change it because you board later.
need you
you need
If no, you'll have to go to one of the train stations.
youhave
have you
In Calcutta there is a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very well.
In Calcutta a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very wellis
In Calcutta is a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very well
is a Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very wellIn Calcutta
I don't remember near which station it is though.
I remember
remember I
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones?
They help you
help They you
you They help
Even if you don't find the foreigner's office you'll be fine in the normal Reservation Office of any big train station.
in the normal Reservation Office of any big train stationbe fine you
in the normal Reservation Office of any big train stationyoube fine
youin the normal Reservation Office of any big train stationbe fine
This is where you can get AND change express train tickets.
is where This
This is where
well if your desired boarding station comes after more than 2 or 3 halts of the actual boarding point, then the TC will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to others.
the TC cancel you ticket
you ticket the TC cancel
you ticket cancel the TC
so better inquire in railway office
inquire in railway office
in railway office inquire
Contact the Indian railways.
Contact the Indian railways
the Indian railwaysContact
You might end up as a no show passenger.
end up as a no show passengerYou
end up You as a no show passenger
You as a no show passengerend up
petsmart application?
my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in May adn of this year and i love animals and i'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister's deli and i', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i dont care about how much you guys pay and i've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
Josalyn Leainne Creek my name
my name Josalyn Leainne Creek
Jeez, work on your spelling and punctuation.
on your spelling and punctuationwork
work on your spelling and punctuation
It makes a huge difference.
It makes a huge difference
makes a huge differenceIt
It a huge differencemakes
No one's going to hire you if you can't even spell, especially if you're a high school graduate.
going No one
No onegoing
Cover letters and resumes need to be perfect.
Cover letters and resumes need
need Cover letters and resumes
No one's going to take you seriously if they're full of typos and whatnot.
going No one
No onegoing
Sorry, I would put that application in the round file.
I put in the round filethat application
I in the round fileput that application
that application I put in the round file
Canadian student visa, can I used for other schools?
I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada, I received one that is valid until October of 2015.
I applied
applied I
Problem is, for some reason, the visa process took longer than it should, thus I missed school this semester (visa was issued to me about 25 days after school started so I couldn't attend), now I no longer want to go into that school (because they only would accept me again on September of 2012), I found a school that accepted me for may 2012, can I use the same visa that was issued to me?
Problem is
isProblem
or do I need to reapply ?
I need
need I
(in the visa itself, it does not mention anything about which school I m suppose to attend, and problem is, the embassy here in DC are not too nice and would never answer ANY questions....) any advice please?
in the visa itselfit mention anything about which school I m suppose to attend
mention it anything about which school I m suppose to attendin the visa itself
anything about which school I m suppose to attendin the visa itselfmention it
Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada, and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them.
Visas and Study Permits by Citizenship and Immigration Canada, administered
by Citizenship and Immigration Canada, Visas and Study Permits administered
administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada, Visas and Study Permits
So best advice is to go to the C&IC website and click "contact us" - http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp
is best advice
best advice is
How Do you Prevent A Dwarf Hamster Escaping From The Cage?
Prevent you
you Prevent
Im getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT!!!
getting a dwarf hamster Itomorrow
a dwarf hamster Itomorrow getting
Itomorrow a dwarf hamster getting
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it cant escape i can buy it a wheel
it i a wheel buy
it a wheel buy i
a wheel i it buy
I've never had a dwarf hamster but I've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it can't out.
a dwarf hamster Ihad
had Ia dwarf hamster
Ihad a dwarf hamster
Yes I've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good
53 different kinds of rodents Ihad
I53 different kinds of rodents had
had I53 different kinds of rodents
This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from:
is the cage This
This is the cage
I love this cage, it's easy to clean, very spacious and fun for the hamster
I love this cage
this cageI love
this cagelove I
Aquiriums are good also, but provide a mesh top for an easy airway.
are good Aquiriums
Aquiriums are good
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really, unless the bars have less than half a cm between them.
are NOT acceptable Wire cages for dwarfs
for dwarfs are NOT acceptable Wire cages
are NOT acceptable for dwarfs Wire cages
regards and have fun with your hammy
Travelers guide - For the young and unknowledgeable?
I am 17 years old.
I do not get along with my family.
I with my familyget
with my familyI get
with my familyget I
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment.
this urban society dislike I
dislike I this urban society
I dislike this urban society
I am very unhappy here.
am very unhappy I
I am very unhappy
I don't know the best way of doing it.
know I the best way of doing it
I know the best way of doing it
know the best way of doing itI
Would it be best for me to finish college?
wait for 18th birthday?
for 18th birthdaywait
wait for 18th birthday
I live in London.
live I in London
I live in London
in LondonI live
I want to go travelling.
want I
I want
My parents do not like me, They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18.
My parents melike
meMy parents like
like My parents me
I don't particularly want to stay with them atm either.
want I
I want
But right now its the most convenient thing to do.
s the most convenient thing it
its the most convenient thing
Anyway Advice for travelling.
What is the best way of doing it?
the best way of doing itWhat is
What is the best way of doing it
Hotels for travelling will be expensive.
Hotels for travelling be expensive
be expensiveHotels for travelling
anybody is open to answers but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience.
anybody is open
is open anybody
I want to go all over :) I don't have a set route yet.
want I
I want
Get a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanket.
a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanketGet
Get a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanket
Wool is best.
Wool is best
is bestWool
Light ,warm, but also itchy.
Hit the road.
the roadHit
Hit the road
You can always beg for spare change when you get hungry.
You beg for spare change
beg You for spare change
You for spare change beg
Should get some survival skills before setting out on your own.
some survival skills get
get some survival skills
Vietnamese girl's name, Mayko?
I always thought Mayko or Meiko is a Japanese name.
thought I
I thought
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name?
Japanese connection The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has
has Japanese connection The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection
Right, I couldn't find any proven source for that.
any proven source for thatfind I
I any proven source for thatfind
find I any proven source for that
And her last name, Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name...anyone?
family nameher last name, Nguyen
her last name, Nguyen family name
Certainly, Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam, only in Vietnam.
Nguyen is the one
is the one Nguyen
Mayko is relating to the Japanese.
to the JapaneseMayko relating
to the Japaneserelating Mayko
relating Mayko to the Japanese
In Vietnam, when a baby was born, they must be named "first name" according to that of their fathers.
according to that of their fathersIn Vietnamnamed "first name" they
they "first name" named In Vietnamaccording to that of their fathers
they "first name" In Vietnamaccording to that of their fathersnamed
It's principle except a number of cases, for example, the babies are orphans or not to have father.
's principle except a number of casesIt
's principle Itexcept a number of cases
It's principle except a number of cases
E.g.
Full name of the father is: "Nguyen Thanh Luan" ===> Full name of the son/daughter certainly is " Nguyen..........", for instance, "Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan".
Nguyen Thanh LuanFull name of the father
Full name of the father Nguyen Thanh Luan
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain "First name" in order to recall about their origination.
named they in other way
named in other way they
they in other way named
I'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese.
I'm pretty sure
'm pretty sure I
She is a Canadian born Vietnamese.
is a Canadian born She
She is a Canadian born
I'm not sure where her first name is from...
'm not sure I
I'm not sure
I have a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph line?
I have a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph line
a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph linehave I
have I a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph line
I have 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filter, I'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have disconnected the other phone without one.
2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filterhave I
2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filterI have
have I 2 phones running on the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the filter
Why is it stil doing this even though I don't have the other phone connected?
this it doing
it this doing
this doing it
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well?
be better it
it be better
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there... could be static on the line... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL....
if the trouble goes away with the modem off, then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered, this would include the alarm system, fax machine, satellite boxes, phones, etc...
if everything is filtered, and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there, try doubling up on the filters...
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connects.
need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connectsYou
either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connectsYou need
either a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connectsneed You
Best way to change 35mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about?
I've modified my Holga 120 to take 35mm film and I know that you can't wind the film back, you have to open the back of the camera (in a darkroom) to rewind the film.
Imy Holga 120 modified
my Holga 120 modified I
modified Imy Holga 120
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling?
other Holga owners do What
do other Holga owners What
do What other Holga owners
Do you just take a changing bag with you?
take you with youa changing bag
a changing bag you take with you
a changing bag take with youyou
Whats the easiest thing?
Whats the easiest thing
the easiest thingWhats
Well a changing bag would be the easiest solution.
be the easiest solutiona changing bag
a changing bag be the easiest solution
It's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera.
You can work comfortably and make sure your film is not scratched etc.
You work
work You
It's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you're outside.
A changing bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag.
folds A changing bag
A changing bag folds
A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field.
is a handy way A film changing bag
A film changing bag is a handy way
Many online stores carry them, like Adorama:
themcarry like AdoramaMany online stores
carry themMany online stores like Adorama
like AdoramaMany online stores themcarry
I have a few how to videos for DIY 35mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channel:
a few how to videos for DIY 35mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channelhave I
I have on my YouTube channela few how to videos for DIY 35mm film in a 120 camera
a few how to videos for DIY 35mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channelI have
For more info on lo-fi photography, check put my website:
my websitecheck put For more info on lo-fi photography
my websiteFor more info on lo-fi photographycheck put
For more info on lo-fi photographymy websitecheck put
Should the statue of David be censored?
the statue of David censored
censoredthe statue of David
I'ma sophomore in highschool doing a presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher is making us censor the Statue of David.
'ma sophomore I
I'ma sophomore
My argument is it's art and therefore should not be censored he's making us censor it who's right
My argument is
is My argument
no,it's only a body of a young man
's only a body it
it's only a body
the city of florence did at one time in the past put clothes on the statue
at one time in the past put on the statue the city of florence clothes
at one time in the past on the statue put the city of florence clothes
on the statue clothes put at one time in the past the city of florence
An art teacher in the mid-cities area of Dallas/Ft.Worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw "nudes" in the museum.
fired An art teacher in the mid-cities area of Dallas/Ft.Worth metro
An art teacher in the mid-cities area of Dallas/Ft.Worth metro fired
You don't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls/women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display?
You think
think You
No, it was guys.
was guysit
it was guys
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job.
Your teacher knows
knows Your teacher
Let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he/she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job.
her Let
Let her
Better Steakhouse in Philadelphia?
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak.
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close.
staying We at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia
at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia staying We
staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia We
I have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu...
spent I the afternoon
I the afternoon spent
the afternoon I spent
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments.
for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants at the photo galleries looked I
at the photo galleries I looked for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants
looked for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants I at the photo galleries
I have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome.
I to any
to any I
It's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del Friscos.
narrowed down to Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del FriscosIt
to Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del Friscosnarrowed down It
narrowed down Itto Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del Friscos
Thanks in advance for the advice.
Sidenote... I am familiar with the Capital Grille, Barclay Prime, The Palm, The Prime Rib, Mortons, Ruth Chris', etc.
I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste.
weighed those options I
I those options weighed
I weighed those options
Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier.
Many thanks.
I am only familiar with Morton's and Ruth Chris.
with Morton's and Ruth Chrisam only familiar I
am only familiar with Morton's and Ruth ChrisI
I with Morton's and Ruth Chrisam only familiar
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has.
eaten at the ones you have listed I
at the ones you have listed I eaten
I eaten at the ones you have listed
I hope you get your answer.
I hope
hope I
Anyway, have a lovely first anniversary!
have a lovely first anniversary
a lovely first anniversaryhave
HAMSTERS - will a hamster be ok living in the bathroom ?
in his cage in the bathroom ?
or would the steam from the shower be a problem ?
the steam from the shower be a problem
be a problem the steam from the shower
thanks d
If space is minimal, or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets, then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there.
I understand
understand I
There are some things to consider though...
some things to consider thoughare
are some things to consider though
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste, and this needs to be cleaned regularly, or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine.
require Rodents in their cages special bedding
require in their cages special bedding Rodents
special bedding require Rodents in their cages
When you take a warm shower and build up steam, his cage will collect water, the bedding will absorb much of it, and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should.
collect his cage water
collect waterhis cage
his cage watercollect
You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways he may have.
have You
You have
You also don't want it getting too warm for him too often.
want it You
You it want
it You want
Overall, it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it.
it is not a good solution
is not a good solutionit
It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing.
It be a problem
be a problem It
I would personally put him somewhere else.
put him I
put I him
him put I
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea?
the most interesting place to see in South KoreaWhat is
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea
I'm planning my trip to Asia and S.Korea is one of the destinations.
my trip to Asia planning I
Imy trip to Asia planning
Iplanning my trip to Asia
What place or town would be most interesting to visit for european?
What place or town for europeanbe most interesting
What place or town be most interesting for european
be most interesting What place or town for european
Go to Jeju island!
Go to Jeju island
to Jeju islandGo
It's so much fun over there, and I'm positive that you'll love it! :)
over there's so much fun It
over thereIt's so much fun
Itover there's so much fun
If you're going to Seoul, then you should also visit a specific place called, 'The Namsan Tower'!
you visit a specific place called, 'The Namsan Tower'
you a specific place called, 'The Namsan Tower'visit
a specific place called, 'The Namsan Tower'visit you
It's a really huge place over there, and so many visitors/foreigners went to put chains and locks over there!
Itover there's a really huge place
's a really huge place Itover there
over there's a really huge place It
It's so much fun!
's so much funIt
It's so much fun
Also, don't forget to try out Korea's famous amusement parks!: Lotte World, Everland, and Carribbean Bay!
Everyone loves it! ^_^
itloves Everyone
loves Everyone it
Everyone loves it
Lotte World: http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-X_e2uwT6wPw/Tkj_7UVTw6I/AAAAAAAAAGs/e_hICAdYPYI/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
( It's indoors and outdoors!)
's indoors It
It's indoors
Everland Resort: http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
(it's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland!)
it's all outdoors
's all outdoors it
Carribbean Bay: http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg
(An outside water park!)
Namsan tower: http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg
Hoped I helped! ^_^
Have fun in Korea~
fun Have in Korea
in KoreaHave fun
fun in KoreaHave
an island called jejudo/jeju island
its really amazing there, itll blow your mind
its really amazing
s really amazing it
it's almost like paradise there
's almost like paradise it
it's almost like paradise
italmost like paradise 's
I found an injured pure white bird (dove I guess?)
found an injured pure white bird (dove I guess?) I
found I an injured pure white bird (dove I guess?)
an injured pure white bird (dove I guess?) I found
what do I feed it?
feed what I it
feed what itI
feed itwhat I
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood, its wing is injured, so I'm currently taking care of it.
in my neighborhoodI this pure white bird found
this pure white bird I found in my neighborhood
found in my neighborhoodthis pure white bird I
It's pure white, no marks or streaks or anything, I don't know what type of bird it is, probably a dove?
It's pure white
's pure whiteIt
What should I feed it?
I What feed it
What I feed it
What itI feed
Is normal bird food fine?
(Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop?
is very pickymy mom
my mom is very picky
(petco, petsmart) ..... thanks!
Doves are a species of pigeon ,they are Seed eaters, they do not eat bread,or worms.
Doves are a species
are a species Doves
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it.
as they can drink a lot.
a lotthey drink
they drink a lot
a lotdrink they
there's these little like bait worms at jacks.petshoppe .
's these little like bait worms at jacks.petshoppe
these little like bait worms at jacks.petshoppe 's
these little like bait worms 's at jacks.petshoppe
its jacks aquarium and pets I believe. ?
its jacks aquarium
s jacks aquarium it
anyways I feed them to my road sometimes.
them I feed to my road
feed I to my road them
to my road them I feed
like a little container.
or buy small bait worms.
buy small bait worms
small bait wormsbuy
that should work
work that
that work
If you have a pet store near buy some wheat,pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do,but do not feed bread.
buy some wheat
some wheatbuy
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse?
i get to paris montparnasseto paris cdg airport
to paris montparnassei to paris cdg airport get
get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnassei
i have two options
have i two options
i two options have
i have two options
using the metro or the air france bus
using the metro or the air france bus
the metro or the air france bus using
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse?
anybody tell me
me anybody tell
anybody me tell
if not what transfers should i get on?
On the RER/Metro:
In the airport, follow the signs that say "Paris by train".
follow In the airportthe signs that say "Paris by train"
In the airportfollow the signs that say "Paris by train"
the signs that say "Paris by train"follow In the airport
Buy a ticket for Paris.
a ticket for ParisBuy
Buy a ticket for Paris
This will get you on the RER B line going into town.
get you This
This you get
you get This
Stay on it until the "Saint-Michel Notre-Dame" station.
on it until the "Saint-Michel Notre-Dame" stationStay
until the "Saint-Michel Notre-Dame" stationon it Stay
Stay on it until the "Saint-Michel Notre-Dame" station
Change there to the Metro 4 line going toward "Porte d'Orleans".
Change to the Metro 4 line going toward "Porte d'Orleans"
to the Metro 4 line going toward "Porte d'Orleans"Change
Get off at the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station.
Get at the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station
at the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stationGet
On the Air France bus:
As I recall, this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris.
You'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse.
Youhave
have You
On the bus: Get on Bus 95 going toward "Porte de Vanves".
Get on Bus 95 going toward "Porte de Vanves"On the bus
on Bus 95 going toward "Porte de Vanves"Get On the bus
On the busGet on Bus 95 going toward "Porte de Vanves"
Buy a ticket from the driver.
Buy from the drivera ticket
a ticket from the driverBuy
from the driverBuy a ticket
Stay on the bus until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stop.
Stay until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stopon the bus
until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stopStay on the bus
Stay on the bus until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stop
On the Metro: Get in the Metro at Opera.
Get in the Metro On the Metroat Opera
On the Metroin the Metro at OperaGet
Get On the Metroat Operain the Metro
Take the 8 line toward "Balard" until the "Invalides" station.
the 8 line until the "Invalides" stationtoward "Balard" Take
toward "Balard" Take the 8 line until the "Invalides" station
until the "Invalides" stationthe 8 line Take toward "Balard"
Change there to the 13 line toward "Chatillon Montrouge" and take it until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station.
Change to the 13 line toward "Chatillon Montrouge"
to the 13 line toward "Chatillon Montrouge" Change
What are good B&W software's Photography?
good B&W software's PhotographyWhat are
What are good B&W software's Photography
What are really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editing?
really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editingWhat are
What are really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editing
I use GIMP and Its not cutting it, looks terrible.
I use GIMP
use GIMP I
GIMP I use
Here's one of my shots in B&W
one of my shots in B&W Here's
Here's one of my shots in B&W
Any programs that you use please list :) Thx
Any programs that you use list
list Any programs that you use
You could also try this in gimp.
You try this in gimp
You in gimptry this
this in gimptry You
It will give you a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looks:
you It a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looksgive
you give It a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looks
a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looksIt give you
Open your image while it's still in color
your image Open
Open your image
Create a new layer and fill the later with black.
a new layer Create
Create a new layer
Set the layer mode to "color" this will make your image blak and white.
Set to "color" the layer mode
Set the layer mode to "color"
the layer mode to "color" Set
Click colors>>>levels and adjust each channel's color values.
Click colors>>>levels
colors>>>levels Click
This will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an image.
adjust This the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an image
the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an imageadjust This
adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an imageThis
For more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
For more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
check out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html For more information on the theory behind later modes
this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html check out For more information on the theory behind later modes
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html chef out
this gimp video tutorial: http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html chef out For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp
Hope this helps.
Picasa is free and pretty good.
is free Picasa
Picasa is free
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if your on a macbook theres aperture :)
photoshop CS5 best
best photoshop CS5
depends what you want from "B&W"... many programs will use a generic B&W...
try something like photoscape which has different options...
try something like photoscape which has different options
something like photoscape which has different optionstry
cheapest plastic surgeons in Thailand?
I want to go to thailand to do my boob job from South Africa but looking for the cheapest surgeons yet also good in his artwork on a humans body .
want I
I want
Only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation.
Only a fool a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operationbase
base Only a fool a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation
Only a fool base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation
Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for. .
out of some small clinic work Cheapest surgeons
work Cheapest surgeons out of some small clinic
work out of some small clinic Cheapest surgeons
Do you really want to put your faith in some clinic doctor.
you want
want you
I know I wouldn't.
know I
I know
You need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like Bumrungard Hospital or Yanhee Hospital.
You need
need You
Would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too?
you the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute toochoose
choose you the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too
the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute toochoose you
Sometimes the "cheap" comes expensive!
comes the "cheap"
the "cheap" comes
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections, accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too!
you infections, accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems tooget
infections, accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems tooget you
get infections, accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems tooyou
If they screw up you could be in worse shape than you are now!
in worse shape you
you in worse shape
Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time.
some good work Bumrungrad Hospital does
Bumrungrad Hospital some good work does
does Bumrungrad Hospital some good work
Maybe having an experienced doctor might be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced!
than some guy that is cheaper but less experiencedbe better
be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced
The cheapest *high quality* plastic surgeons are at Yanhee Hospitals.
Yanhee HospitalsThe cheapest *high quality* plastic surgeons
The cheapest *high quality* plastic surgeons Yanhee Hospitals
They do outstanding work.
They outstanding workdo
They do outstanding work
outstanding workdo They
Check the link for a sampling of prices.
the link for a sampling of pricesCheck
for a sampling of pricesCheck the link
for a sampling of pricesthe link Check
my Tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can.?
meat eat my Tom cat
my Tom cat eat meat
eat my Tom cat meat
When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay.
the gravy licks off he
he the gravy licks off
he licks off the gravy
I must through it away .
Why?
If you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd understand this.
understand youthis
thisunderstand you
youthisunderstand
I've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food.
Ia lot of cats who refused to eat the canned foodhad
a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned foodhad I
a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned foodIhad
When you read the label its easy to understand why.
I've had cats for 35 years and I only feed them dry food.
Ifor 35 years cats had
cats for 35 years had I
for 35 years had Icats
They have done very well and like the dry food better.
They done
done They
It had better nutritional value and its also less expensive.
It had better nutritional value
had It better nutritional value
It better nutritional value had
Canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents and you're paying for a high moisture content instead of food content.
Canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents
as to the actual contents Canned food is often suspect
is often suspect Canned food as to the actual contents
There are a lot of good quality dry cat foods.
are a lot of good quality dry cat foods
a lot of good quality dry cat foodsare
Read the labels for contents.
Read the labels for contents
the labels Read for contents
Read for contentsthe labels
Your cat will adjust quickly.
Your cat adjust
adjust Your cat
You'll also have less spoilage.
Youhave less spoilage
less spoilagehave You
less spoilageYouhave
He might be sick take him to the vet to see
He be sick
be sick He
If he always does this, welcome to the club.
does thishe
he does this
he thisdoes
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver (cooked) for the anemic one, some arthritis stuff for the oldest.
do My oldest female and youngest male this
do this My oldest female and youngest male
this My oldest female and youngest male do
Even if you mash it with a spoon he can't do that,
thatdo he
thathe do
do he that
Whats your favorite part about trail riding?
Whats your favorite part about trail riding
your favorite part about trail ridingWhats
My favorite part is going up hill and cantering :)
is My favorite part
My favorite part is
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is, not how talented he is.
I love
love I
If you took some Olympic-level horses on a trail ride, they just couldn't do it.
they do it
itthey do
do they it
They would be too scared and spooky.
be too scared They
They be too scared
It doesn't matter how graceful your horse is, or how high he can jump, or how well he does a sliding stop.
What matters is how well trained he is, and how good your bond it.
That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also.
That is another reason
is another reason That
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week, then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good.
someone pays Nobody
Nobody someone pays
someone Nobody pays
YOU have to spend the time training.
YOU have
have YOU
And I have not met one stuck-up trail rider!
met one stuck-up trail riderI
met I one stuck-up trail rider
one stuck-up trail riderI met
Those are just a few reasons why I love trail riding, competitive or not.
Those are just a few reasons
are just a few reasons Those
Same, when I'm galloping in an open space like that I can just forget everything.
Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal.
Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal
the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personalSeeing
I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer.
several close encounters with both foxes and wild deerhad I
I had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer
several close encounters with both foxes and wild deerI had
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched.
woodpeckers in the trees pecking
pecking in the trees woodpeckers
in the trees woodpeckers pecking
Fascinating.
10 gallon nano reef ideas?
I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock, and 10 lbs of live carribean sand.
have I a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock, and 10 lbs of live carribean sand
I a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock, and 10 lbs of live carribean sandhave
have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock, and 10 lbs of live carribean sandI
I am aware of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this size.
I am aware of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this size
am aware of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this sizeI
of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this sizeam aware I
I am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1.024.
a gravity level of 1.024maintaining I
maintaining I a gravity level of 1.024
I a gravity level of 1.024maintaining
I have a 10 gallon filter on it.
have I a 10 gallon filter on it
on ithave a 10 gallon filter I
a 10 gallon filter have on itI
I also have a powerhead, getting another soon.
a powerheadhave I
I a powerheadhave
have I a powerhead
I have a few questions, first I want to start a sump filter, but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work.
I a few questionshave
I have a few questions
have I a few questions
How would I need to set a sump for this 10 gallon?
I need
need I
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment?
a protein skimmer or any other equipmentI need
need I a protein skimmer or any other equipment
I a protein skimmer or any other equipmentneed
Unless the tank has a built in overflow box (which I'm certain it doesn't) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump.
you have
have you
The piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box.
from the overflow boxlead The piping
The piping from the overflow boxlead
from the overflow boxThe piping lead
On the other end of the sump, you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank.
a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tankhave On the other end of the sumpyou
On the other end of the sumpa small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tankhave you
you a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tankhave On the other end of the sump
If you're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank, getting a protein skimmer wouldn't be a bad idea.
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer, it's an in-tank design that could easily sit in your sump.
NOOK Color or NOOK Tablet?
From what I understand they're pretty much the same thing.
From what I understand 're pretty much the same thingthey
're pretty much the same thingFrom what I understand they
they're pretty much the same thingFrom what I understand
Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts.
Some of the major differences I see HD video
HD videoSome of the major differences I see
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color?
have the Tablet a major difference in speed compared to the Color
have compared to the Colorthe Tablet a major difference in speed
a major difference in speed have compared to the Colorthe Tablet
I don't want an iPad or Kindle.
I want an iPad or Kindle
want I an iPad or Kindle
an iPad or Kindlewant I
I just want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read.
an e-reader that does a little bit more than just readI want
I an e-reader that does a little bit more than just readwant
I want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read
Yes, I know about the Kindle Fire but that's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars?
thatabout the Kindle Fire I know
about the Kindle Fire I know that
know about the Kindle Fire I that
Or just purchase the Color?
the Colorpurchase
purchase the Color
Well I recently bought the Nook Color, and I have to say that I am very happy with it.
bought the Nook ColorI
I bought the Nook Color
the Nook Colorbought I
It is like a mini tablet itself!
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet, I was pretty disappointed though, because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price!
I was pretty disappointed
was pretty disappointed I
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet.
I say
say I
I'm pretty sure it'll be worth it.
I'm pretty sure
'm pretty sure I
Have fun!
Have fun
funHave
Judging by Nook Tablet's processor it's supposed to be quite faster!
supposed it
itsupposed
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphone.
has Nook Tablet it more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphone
has more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphoneNook Tablet it
more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphonehas Nook Tablet it
eReader Tablet Comparison; B&N Nook Tablet, B&N Nook Color, Kindle Fire, HTC Flyer
Pubs in Philadelphia?
Hey there, I'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday.
trying I
Itrying
He's pretty much an "I love American Food, good drinks on occasion, laid back." kind of guy. ;)
's pretty much an "I love American Food, good drinks on occasion, laid back." kind He
He's pretty much an "I love American Food, good drinks on occasion, laid back." kind
I want to take him somewhere where there's going to be awesome burgers/american food, atmosphere (preferably a tavern/pub style would be nice), good service, and all around a great time. =)
I want
want I
I'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's.
for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to'slooking I
for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to'sIlooking
Ifor suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to'slooking
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I'm not an expert on the area.
We moved to a town outside Philly
moved We to a town outside Philly
We to a town outside Philly moved
A little help is always great. =)
is always greatA little help
A little help is always great
Thank you or your feed back.
Thank you
you Thank
Oh my, you asked this question at the perfect time.
asked at the perfect timethis question you
this question you asked at the perfect time
asked you at the perfect timethis question
Go to a local market or drug store, and buy this month's copy of the "Philadelphia Magazine".
Go to a local market or drug store
to a local market or drug storeGo
It is all about this very subject ... bars and food.
It about this very subject
about this very subject It
It lists places all over the city and suburbs.
places all over the city and suburbslists It
places all over the city and suburbsIt lists
lists It places all over the city and suburbs
Wishing your husband a happy birthday!
your husband a happy birthdayWishing
a happy birthdayyour husband Wishing
Wishing your husband a happy birthday
If you're looking for a good burger, some great fries (they are too die for!), and good drinks, go to Chickie & Pete's!
go to Chickie & Pete's
to Chickie & Pete'sgo
Oh my gosh, they are great!
are greatthey
they are great
If you go, make sure you order the crab fries, you won't regret it :)
How to start a new fish tank?
start a new fish tank
a new fish tankstart
I'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up.
Itomorrow getting a 10 gallon for my betta
a 10 gallon getting Ifor my betta tomorrow
Itomorrow for my betta a 10 gallon getting
I'm still a beginner.
I'm still a beginner
'm still a beginnerI
Any and all suggestions on what I need to do and buy will help.
Any and all suggestions on what I need to do and buy help
helpAny and all suggestions on what I need to do and buy
Thanks.
When you get the tank make sure you wash the inside (with plain water) then you wash the gravel (with only water too) take out all the stuff that is floating on top.
Add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur bettas delicate fins.
Add only silk plants
only silk plants Add
You add the water and put water conditioner into the water.
the water You add
add the water You
You the water add
Start up your filter (sponge filters are the best for bettas) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78-82.
your filter Start up
Start up your filter
Wait about 2 weeks or 3 and test your water.
Wait about 2 weeks or 3
about 2 weeks or 3 Wait
If everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home.
add you to its new homeyou betta
to its new homeyou betta add you
add to its new homeyou betta you
Lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface.
are optinal Lights
Lights are optinal
ask the people selling you the fish how you should set it up,they would know
ask the people selling you the fish
the people selling you the fish ask
Add aquasafe with the water you put in it.
aquasafe with the water you put in itAdd
aquasafe Add with the water you put in it
with the water you put in itAdd aquasafe
Make sure the temperature is good.
Do not put your fish tank close to the sun or algae grow in your tank.
your fish tank put
put your fish tank
Everything else should be good.
be goodEverything else
Everything else be good
Make sure if you get new fish that they get along with one another.
Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang?
I would like to learn how
I like
like I
I see youre still recovering from the accident.
I see
see I
You appear to be feeling better though.
You appear
appear You
That's good. :)
's goodThat
That's good
only in comic books and sci-fi tv shows/movies... :D
Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang.
While they are extremely accurate, laser sights do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target.
laser sights operate
operate laser sights
Therefore, you must learn to shoot manually.
learn you
you learn
Mount laser sights on away by removing the hand grip.
laser sights Mount
Mount laser sights
Laser grips are the most common for wangs.
Laser grips are the most common for wangs
are the most common Laser grips for wangs
for wangsLaser grips are the most common
The laser is made into the hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on.
into the hand grip made The laser
into the hand grip The laser made
made into the hand grip The laser
Remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip.
from the existing grip your fingers Remove
your fingers Remove from the existing grip
Remove your fingers from the existing grip
You have two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positions.
have two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positionsYou
two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positionshave You
have You two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positions
Consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs.
these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangsConsider
Consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs
Newer semi-automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft.
a rail built into the receiver under the shaftNewer semi-automatic wangs have
Newer semi-automatic wangs a rail built into the receiver under the shafthave
a rail built into the receiver under the shafthave Newer semi-automatic wangs
This rail is used for multi purposes, such as laser devices or flashlight devices.
used for multi purposes, such as laser devices or flashlight devicesThis rail
for multi purposes, such as laser devices or flashlight devicesused This rail
used This rail for multi purposes, such as laser devices or flashlight devices
Prepare to mount the laser sight onto the rail on the wang.
You have two screws that attach the sight to the wang.
have two screws that attach the sight to the wangYou
have You two screws that attach the sight to the wang
two screws that attach the sight to the wangYou have
Tighten these screws securely.
these screws Tighten
Tighten these screws
Flip the switch and adjust your laser sight according to the directions in the owner manual that comes with the laser sight.
Flip the switch
the switch Flip
3 weeks old baby budgie alone at night?
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his/her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night.
have a 3 week old baby budgie I
a 3 week old baby budgie have I
I have a 3 week old baby budgie
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the 'nest cage' because he and the mother were fighting.
have I
I have
He was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there, were the baby was too.
He was so eager
was so eager He
I thought it was dangerous for the baby so I moved him.
thought I
I thought
She feeds well the baby on her own, the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night...
on her ownShe the baby feeds
the baby She on her ownfeeds
the baby She feeds on her own
What is the problem?
What is the problem
the problemWhat is
Is this a transitional period for the baby...that he/she is left alone much more time?
I have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything...he/she sleeps.
I have
have I
Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual.
Budgies are breast feeding birds
are breast feeding birds Budgies
When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he can't produce milk.
mad with him the female
the female mad with him
with him the female mad
It's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm.
's fine It
It's fine
If the baby is feathered yet - which I'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine.
he be fine
be finehe
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby.
remember Just
Just remember
Ignore the answer above me, btw! ^_^
Ignore the answer above me
the answer above meIgnore
Can I text from Canada to the united states?
I to the united statesfrom Canada text
text from Canada to the united statesI
text to the united statesfrom Canada I
Ok maybe that isn't the right question, but my question is can you text from a united states number when your in canada, can you send texts to another united states number?
isn't the right questionthat
that isn't the right question
And do you get charged for it?
you charged for it
for itcharged you
charged you for it
Im sorry if I couldn't say the question right.
Im sorry
m sorry I
I hope somebody understands what I mean
hope I
I hope
In short Yes.
However not in all cases.
If your (US) provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company, you texts and calls will go through.
go you texts and calls
you texts and calls go
They will, however, cost a bunch.
cost They a bunch
a bunchThey cost
a bunchcost They
The only way to know for sure is to call 611, or your cell phone help line, and ask.
The only way to know for sure is
is The only way to know for sure
The phones and networks are compatible, so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone company..
The phones and networks are compatible
are compatibleThe phones and networks
Yes you can, but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international plan.
canyou
you can
Ye$ you can Text in CANADA to the U$ on a U$ number.
on a U$ numberyou to the U$ Text in CANADA
you on a U$ numberin CANADA to the U$ Text
to the U$ you in CANADA on a U$ numberText
Thi$ $ervice will co$t.
Thi$ $ervice co$t
co$tThi$ $ervice
It varie$ company to company.
varie$ It company to company
varie$ company to companyIt
It varie$ company to company
You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada.
want You for your trip to Canada
for your trip to CanadaYou want
want for your trip to CanadaYou
Is there any other way to communicate or do your friends only understand text.
Is any other way to communicate
any other way to communicate Is
Email usually free if you use a WiFi connection.
$ometime$ it is hard to explain that you are making an INTERNATIONAL call and all of the phone companie$involved what $ome of your money.
Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an "S" key on my computer.
I need HELP with my Syrian Hamster !!!?
I need HELP with my Syrian Hamster
HELP with my Syrian Hamster I need
HELP with my Syrian Hamster need I
Hi, i bought my Syrian Hamster (Fernando) just yesterday and as i was told to leave
my Syrian Hamster (Fernando) bought just yesterday i
i just yesterday my Syrian Hamster (Fernando) bought
just yesterday my Syrian Hamster (Fernando) bought i
him to get to know his new home.
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now.
he up the sides of the cage jumping
up the sides of the cage jumping he
he jumping up the sides of the cage
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand, i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube.
i wanted
wanted i
Why, how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???
build up i realtion ship with him
i build up realtion ship with him
realtion ship with him i build up
Please help im worried about him !!!
Thanks.
CHILL OUT!
Firstly, your hammie was not stressed out, he wanted attention.
your hammie stressed out
stressed outyour hammie
Secondly, that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night.
that is normal behavior
is normal behavior that
Thirdly, just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their.
your hand in his cge put
put in his cge your hand
your hand put in his cge
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit.
come He
He come
Hope I helped!
Give him time.
him Give time
timehim Give
Give him time
You only got him yesterday.
got You him yesterday
You got yesterdayhim
him got yesterdayYou
He's probably still scared and unsure.
's probably still scared He
He's probably still scared
Once he has properly settled down, got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine.
be finehe
he be fine
Once he is more comfy with his surroundings, then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more.
start you
you start
But just give him time for now.
him time give for now
time give for nowhim
give him time for now
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in?
My family and I are planning to shift to Fujairah in a couple of years.
My family and I planning
planning My family and I
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways.
needed I
I needed
Also that, I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai, is it true?
I'd be happy if someone helps, especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there. :)
Ibe happy
be happy I
I LIVE THERE!
LIVE I
I LIVE
... Ive been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way.
Imy entire life living in Fujairah
in Fujairah living my entire life I
living Iin Fujairah my entire life
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have ALOT of projects to be done by 2012.
I think
think I
Things to do in Fujairah..
Its between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains!
between sea It
Itbetween sea
... Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun.
are some Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving
Fishing, Jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some
And now they are finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes only!
a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes onlyfinishing they
a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes onlythey finishing
they finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes only
So, no it is not as good as Dubai, but its quieter and more peaceful, and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins.
it as Dubaiis not as good
as Dubaiis not as good it
is not as good it as Dubai
please let me know if you need anything else
me let
let me
Visited Fujairah when in Dubai.
Fujairah Visited
Visited Fujairah
Nothing like Dubai, and never will be!
Don't know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you wouldn't want to end up like them!
the economics of Fujairah know
know the economics of Fujairah
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it!
about itthink I
think I about it
I think about it
Are there any new Gaming console?
Are any new Gaming console
any new Gaming consoleAre
I don't know should i buy PS3 or X-BOX Kinect.
know I
I know
Or even N-DS or PSP.
I'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X-BOX then a newer version comes out.
( Same for N-DS and PSP)
for N-DS and PSPSame
Same for N-DS and PSP
Wii U has been announced as well as the PS4 however the PS4 is only in development while the Wii U should be out next year.
announced Wii U
Wii U announced
Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works.
Microsoft there new console announced
announced there new console Microsoft
Microsoft announced there new console
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version.
you get a newer version
you a newer versionget
get a newer versionyou
I feel X-BOX is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years, its very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the User Interface and the JOYSTICK....coz you dont wana hold a joystick that gives you discomfort.
feel I
I feel
XBOX Joys are soo comfyy.....
XBOX Joys are soo comfyy
are soo comfyyXBOX Joys
Performance - You get the same in all, just get a good TV.
I don't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they don't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime.
know I about the playstation situation
I know about the playstation situation
know about the playstation situation I
Since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new Xbox so they don't plan on making another one for a while.
was kind of their way this
this was kind of their way
I do know they have already announced a new wii though and I don't know what Sony has said about playstation but again, if you get an Xbox (which I personally think is the best anyways) you should be set for a while.
know I
I know
What is the typical lifespan of a cat?
What is the typical lifespan of a cat
the typical lifespan of a catWhat is
My cat had a seizure yesterday and was ill.
a seizure had My cat yesterday
My cat a seizure yesterday had
yesterday a seizure My cat had
In fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another; and then he bounces back like nothing has happened.
he every once in a while seems In fact
In fact seems he every once in a while
every once in a while In fact he seems
I did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live, however different sources give wildly different lifespans.
I an internet search did
did I an internet search
an internet search I did
My cat is 18 years old.
In your experience how long do cats do cats typically live?
liveIn your experience cats
cats liveIn your experience
livecats In your experience
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at?
he on his last legs
on his last legs he
from my experience with my cats 13-18 years depending on the breed.
At 18 years, your cat has had a long life.
your cat At 18 yearshad a long life
had a long lifeyour cat At 18 years
had At 18 yearsa long lifeyour cat
Indoor cats that are well cared for typically live 11-15 years.
live 11-15 yearsIndoor cats that are well cared for
Indoor cats that are well cared for live 11-15 years
11-15 yearsIndoor cats that are well cared for live
Older males often tend to have urinary tract issues, so your cat has done very well.
tend Older males
Older males tend
Male cats very seldom live past 14-15 years.
live Male cats past 14-15 years
Male cats live past 14-15 years
live past 14-15 yearsMale cats
Stories of cats living more than 25 years are rare.
Stories of cats living more than 25 years are rare
are rareStories of cats living more than 25 years
Ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional.
cats for 35 years had I
Icats had for 35 years
cats had for 35 years I
By comparison, outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3-7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environment.
depending on how many predators are in the local environmenthave By comparisonoutdoor cats a life expectancy of 3-7 years
a life expectancy of 3-7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environmentBy comparisonoutdoor cats have
outdoor cats a life expectancy of 3-7 years have By comparisondepending on how many predators are in the local environment
According to a couple sources, the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon, England who reportedly live to the age of 36.
the world record for the oldest cat was a cat According to a couple sources
According to a couple sourceswas a cat the world record for the oldest cat
According to a couple sourcesthe world record for the oldest cat was a cat
I knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21.
knew I a cat that died in its sleep aged 21
a cat that died in its sleep aged 21I knew
knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21I
Anything after 12 is a bonus.
is a bonusAnything after 12
Anything after 12 is a bonus
Gaining and loosing my cockatiel's trust...?
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel's trust, but now he's not coming to me when I open his cage.
thought I
I thought
What do I do?
I What do
I doWhat
What I do
Did anything happen before losing his trust?
happen anything
anything happen
Birds are hard to gain trust with, but it's lost so easily!
are hard Birds
Birds are hard
A simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being afraid of you.
resorted A simple hand gesture
A simple hand gesture resorted
Eating by his cage and keeping a "sleep cage" in your room is a good idea.
Birds eat and sleep with their flock, not predators.
with their flock, not predatorsBirds eat
eat Birds with their flock, not predators
with their flock, not predatorseat Birds
Keep his cage open and go on your computer, or read a book, etc and maybe he will come out to you.
Keep his cage
his cage Keep
Let him go at his own pace, don't rush with him, and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird.
him Let
Let him
This with ruin your bond, and you probably won't have another chance to build one.
your bondThis ruin
ruin your bondThis
This ruin your bond
Patience is the key. =)
Patience is the key
is the keyPatience
he might never be a cuddly, loving, tame bird, but you can still have a friendly bond.
he be a cuddly, loving, tame bird
be a cuddly, loving, tame birdhe
But then again he could be!
dat bird is smart.
dat bird is smart
is smartdat bird
like my dogs, they really like me and trust me, but when I open the door to get them outside, they run from me, they know I'm going to take them outside and they don't like it.
they me like my dogslike
me like my dogslike they
they like my dogsme like
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage, and birds don't usually like cages.
the bird know
know the bird
so, I don't think the bird don't trust you, but still don't like the cage.
I think
think I
How to make a breyer horse stable?
make a breyer horse stable
a breyer horse stablemake
Hi im a big fan of breyer horses!
im a big fan
m a big fan i
My breyers need stables or barns though.....and I need directions and materials on how to make them.
need My breyers stables or barns
My breyers need stables or barns
stables or barns need My breyers
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit.
like maybe 5 stalls per barn I
like I maybe 5 stalls per barn
I like maybe 5 stalls per barn
And I need to know where to buy the materials.
I need
need I
Please make this as simple as you can for my dad doesnt really not that good.
make this
this make
Pictures would help!
helpPictures
Pictures help
NOTE:If i see a answer that i love i will make my best right there and then
Breyer horse , miniature/ model replica
sketch out floor plan, estimate size, draw front view, side view, and 3d orthographic perspective views,
floor plansketch out
sketch out floor plan
figure out how many stalls you want, then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse,
measure size for platform, draw lines and mark sections, measure out wall sections and height,
for platformsize measure
for platformmeasure size
measure size for platform
there are many small details, that you would have to work on as you go for doors and windows and roof,
are many small details, that you would have to work on as you go for doors and windows and roof
many small details, that you would have to work on as you go for doors and windows and roofare
check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts, you want carpenter wood glue, clamps, possibly small screws to hold corners together, miniature hinges, tape, paint, saws, drills, pencil ruler, paper, bryer horses
check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts
for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks partscheck hobby shops and craft shops
hobby shops and craft shops check for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood, or press-board, or plywood, and pre-cut 2by4 or slats, you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces,
from cork wood or balsa wood, or press-board, or plywood, and pre-cut 2by4 or slatsvary wood
from cork wood or balsa wood, or press-board, or plywood, and pre-cut 2by4 or slatswood vary
wood from cork wood or balsa wood, or press-board, or plywood, and pre-cut 2by4 or slatsvary
How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays?
get i my kitten
my kitten i get
my kitten get i
I have a kitten who just turned 3 months today.
have I a kitten who just turned 3 months today
I a kitten who just turned 3 months todayhave
have a kitten who just turned 3 months todayI
He's a good kitty, just when he plays he bites REALLY hard.
He's a good kitty
's a good kittyHe
Almost every day he'd even wake me up like 5am in the morning, trying to bite my arm.
And when I move it I guess he figures I'm playing. x.x
I guess
guess I
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together, and keep it that way til he panics.
I read
read I
That seems cruel to me though.
That seems to me
seems That to me
to me seems That
Any other way??
Do you think he's teething?
think you
you think
It's getting out of hand.
out of handItgetting
Itgetting out of hand
out of handgetting It
Yeah, I thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong.
thought I
I thought
No worries, i didn't try.
He does have toys, a scratching post, LOTS of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etc.
have toys, a scratching post, LOTS of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etcHe
toys, a scratching post, LOTS of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etcHe have
He have toys, a scratching post, LOTS of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etc
He'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting.
up to you Hewalk
up to you walk He
walk up to you He
When i put him off of my bed, he jumps back on and same thing.
he jumps
jumps he
he may be teething but i dont think it can be stopped.
he teething
teething he
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up
buy toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up him
buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up
him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up buy
yes do not hold any animals mouth shut it wil close their air way, hes just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys.
any animals mouth hold
hold any animals mouth
lots of them, feather ones work best, also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed, to show him that you will not tolerate that, he will get it, hes also probably teething, so toys are your best bet
Which rat cage is better?
is betterWhich rat cage
Which rat cage is better
Hi, I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage.
want I
I want
(Apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover) Which of these two cages is better:
Which of these two cages is better
is betterWhich of these two cages
I cant decide between height or width.
I decide between height or width
I between height or widthdecide
between height or widthI decide
This one is better for rats.
for ratsThis one is better
is better for ratsThis one
This one is better for rats
You always want to go higher rather than wider for rats.
You want for rats
for ratsYou want
for ratswant You
They LOVE to climb.
LOVE They
They LOVE
You will have to cover the wire flooring like you said, and make fleece covers for the stairs, so no ratty feet get caught and broken.
You have
have You
This cage will hold about 2 - 3 rats.
This cage hold about 2 - 3 rats
hold This cage about 2 - 3 rats
hold about 2 - 3 ratsThis cage
Both are equal length so go for the taller one.
are equal length Both
Both are equal length
If you use this cage it's best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like.
I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it wasn't that great to be honest, pretty cheaply made, the door springs are annoying and it doesn't last very well.
short term used I one of these cages for a pet
short term for a pet used I one of these cages
short term one of these cages I for a pet used
Here are some better options IMO:
some better options Here are
Here are some better options
These are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the names you may be able to find one second hand...better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly made new one IMO.
than your choice are all a bit more expensive These
are all a bit more expensive These than your choice
than your choice These are all a bit more expensive
The First One Is much Better!
The First One Is much Better
Is much BetterThe First One
I Have This Exact Cage, Bought From The Exact Ebay User.
I This Exact Cage, Bought From The Exact Ebay UserHave
Have I This Exact Cage, Bought From The Exact Ebay User
Have This Exact Cage, Bought From The Exact Ebay UserI
Its Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats, But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :)
s Really Good It
Its Really Good
is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake?
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side.
reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake i
reading i the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake
the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake reading i
im not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway.
m i
im
from my understanding, if its heated from the bottom, my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate, but it has better heat distribution
my snake risks from my understanding
risks from my understandingmy snake
from my understandingmy snake risks
if its from the side i dont have to worry about propping it up, but the snake can still burn itself if it slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it doesnt distribute heat as well?
have i
i have
what are your suggestions and opinons?
what are your suggestions and opinons
your suggestions and opinonswhat are
i use UTH's on all of my burrowing snakes.
on all of my burrowing snakesi use UTH's
on all of my burrowing snakesUTH's use i
UTH's on all of my burrowing snakesuse i
they will move if they get too warm-it's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs.
they move
move they
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine.
over the UTH my own natural rock i put
put i over the UTH my own natural rock
put my own natural rock over the UTH i
i have over 40 corns, kings, and milks and have never had a problem with the UTH system.
over 40 corns, kings, and milks i have
have over 40 corns, kings, and milks i
have i over 40 corns, kings, and milks
on the side is a waste-leave it on the bottom.
on the side is a waste
is a wasteon the side
good luck!
Bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it like newspaper...
I now use a 75watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it
use a 75watt basking or heat bulb I for mine
I for mine use a 75watt basking or heat bulb
I for mine a 75watt basking or heat bulb use
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner
on the snake put the heater
put the heater on the snake
the heater on the snake put
What are good places to eat brunch at? ?
are good places What
What are good places
My bday is Saturday :) and I wanna have breakfast/lunch with my fam.
My bday is Saturday
is Saturday My bday
I was gonna have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny's and ihop.
I gon
gonI
Oh and btw I live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^
I live in los angeles
in los angeles live I
live I in los angeles
I would strongly suggest "The Breakfast Club" in Chicago.
I suggest "The Breakfast Club" in Chicago
suggest "The Breakfast Club" in ChicagoI
"The Breakfast Club" in ChicagoI suggest
You can definately plan on a great meal with reasonable prices.
on a great meal with reasonable pricesYou plan
You on a great meal with reasonable pricesplan
plan on a great meal with reasonable pricesYou
Don't be in a hurry though.
Just relax and enjoy.
They have fabulous French toast too.
have fabulous French toast They
have They fabulous French toast
fabulous French toast They have
The Breakfast Club & Grill is conveniently located just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway.
just two blocks off the Kennedy Expresswaylocated The Breakfast Club & Grill
just two blocks off the Kennedy ExpresswayThe Breakfast Club & Grill located
located The Breakfast Club & Grill just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway
There is always plenty of parking on the street or in our private lot.
on the street or in our private lotplenty of parking is
plenty of parking is on the street or in our private lot
plenty of parking on the street or in our private lotis
If you'd rather dine at home, simply call in your order with our take-out service.
call in with our take-out serviceyour order
with our take-out servicecall in your order
your order call in with our take-out service
Plenty of parking on the weekends..during the week please park in the little lot across the street.
Directions from the Kennedy: Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy.
Go three lights down and take a right onto Ogden.
Continue two blocks to Hubbard and take another right.
two blocks to Hubbard Continue
Continue to Hubbard two blocks
to Hubbard Continue two blocks
We're at the corner of Hubbard and Noble.
at the corner We
Weat the corner
The Breakfast Club & Grill
1381 W. Hubbard
Chicago, IL 60622
312-666-2372 Tel
Email Us
Email Us
Us Email
Hours of Operation:
Monday thru Friday
6:30am - 8:00pm
Saturday & Sunday
7:00am - 5:00pm
Happy Hour
Monday thru Friday
4:00pm - 6:00pm
$4 appetizers
$4 wine
$3 Coronas & Heineken
Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L.A. section.
you want
want you
Question about the sinking of the Titanic?
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912, was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking?
was After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking
a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinkingwas After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinkingwas
If yes, was Canada involved in this act/law?
Sorry, I'm just very nervous after watching the movie.
'm just very nervous I
I'm just very nervous
SOLAS (Safety Of Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treaty, came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic.
SOLAS (Safety Of Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treatyin response to the tragedy of the Titaniccame
SOLAS (Safety Of Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treatycame in response to the tragedy of the Titanic
came in response to the tragedy of the TitanicSOLAS (Safety Of Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treaty
Today, it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships, regardless of country of registration.
it safety law Today
safety law Todayit
safety law it Today
If you ever go on a cruise ship, you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill (lifeboat drill) within 24 hours of sailing.
you required
required you
Most ships perform this drill before even leaving the dock.
Most ships perform this drill
Most ships this drill perform
this drill perform Most ships
SOLAS covers just about every aspect of safety at sea, including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats, navigation practices, fire protection, and so on.
just about every aspect of safety at sea, including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats, navigation practices, fire protection, and so oncovers SOLAS
SOLAS just about every aspect of safety at sea, including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats, navigation practices, fire protection, and so oncovers
just about every aspect of safety at sea, including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats, navigation practices, fire protection, and so onSOLAS covers
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS, and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy, the adoption of SOLAS is probably it.
on board ship We due to SOLAStoday are much safer
on board ship due to SOLAStoday are much safer We
on board ship today We due to SOLASare much safer
Edit: Also I forgot to mention earlier, most (if not all) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills weekly, and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into the water as part of their drill when you are in port.
I forgot
forgot I
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed, but makes the crew proficient at launching them.
This ensures
ensures This
I don't think so
I think
think I
Don't worry.
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking?
the last time you heard about a ship sinkingWhen was
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking
100 years ago?
ago100 years
100 years ago
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan?
some fun things I could do while in JapanWhat are
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan
I'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do?
Iin Okinawa for about a week
Ifor about a week in Okinawa
in Okinawa Ifor about a week
I'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything.
'm a 20 year old female I
I'm a 20 year old female
Besides the obvious tourist spots which I already have planned for.
How is the night life in Naha?
the night life in NahaHow is
How is the night life in Naha
Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at all?
any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at allAre
Are any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at all
It doesn't have to be underground it could be any type of music.
have It
It have
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach.
is The best thing you can do in Okinawa
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is
Otherwise, you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etc.
what you can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etcyou do
you do what you can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etc
do you what you can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etc
Or you can visit temples or shrines in Okinawa.
visit you temples or shrines in Okinawa
temples or shrines in Okinawayou visit
you temples or shrines in Okinawavisit
Well first you can try speaking Japanese.
try you
you try
Go to a sumo tournament.
to a sumo tournamentGo
Go to a sumo tournament
Eat at a conveyor-belt sushi restaurant.
at a conveyor-belt sushi restaurantEat
Eat at a conveyor-belt sushi restaurant
Climb Mount Fuji.
Mount FujiClimb
Climb Mount Fuji
Okinawa is quite different from the rest of Japan, although of course there are similarities.
Okinawa from the rest of Japanis quite different
from the rest of JapanOkinawa is quite different
from the rest of Japanis quite different Okinawa
The main thing people do there is go to the beach.
The main thing people do there is
is The main thing people do there
There's the market in Naha, which is great.
the market in Naha, which is great's
's the market in Naha, which is great
You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious, fresh sashimi/sushi lunch upstairs.
You all sorts of fresh food find
You find all sorts of fresh food
all sorts of fresh food You find
Try the local sake too if you can.
the local sake Try
Try the local sake
It's a special kind.
It's a special kind
's a special kindIt
I'm not sure that there's much nightlife in Naha.
'm not sure I
I'm not sure
It's more of a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etc.
It's more of a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etc
of a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etcIt's more
Itof a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etc's more
You might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya (pub) somewhere.
have You
You have
Your best bet would probably be to get a copy of the Lonely Planet Japan book and read the chapter on Okinawa.
Your best bet be
be Your best bet
Naha's not a very big city.
Naha's not a very big city
's not a very big cityNaha
Modern m16 vs Vietnam m16 version?
I was playing a video game that has a m16 Vietnam model, and in the game it's 3-shot burst.
a video game that has a m16 Vietnam modelplaying I
playing a video game that has a m16 Vietnam modelI
playing I a video game that has a m16 Vietnam model
My brother said they only had full-auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam.
My brother said
said My brother
My questions are..
My questions are
areMy questions
1) what thes difference between a modern m16 and Vietnam m16?
what s difference
s difference what
2) did Vietnam m16's have a 3-shot burst function?
a 3-shot burst functionhave Vietnam m16's
Vietnam m16's a 3-shot burst functionhave
have Vietnam m16's a 3-shot burst function
To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition for the new M-16s being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older (dirtier) type of gunpowder meant for use with the M-14.
Robert McNamara ordered
ordered Robert McNamara
He also ordered that the receiver not get a (I think chrome) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming.
He ordered
ordered He
Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self-cleaning, which it wasn't.
told the troops being issued the weapon
the troops being issued the weapon told
As a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming.
As a result was a problem with the weapon jamming
a problem with the weapon jammingwas As a result
was As a result a problem with the weapon jamming
Once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly (even with the dirtier powder) the Vietnam era M-16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for.
the Vietnam era M-16 turned out
turned out the Vietnam era M-16
The screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military.
was the kind The screw-up
The screw-up was the kind
Today's weapons do not have that kind of problem, and are much more reliable.
that kind of problemToday's weapons have
have Today's weapons that kind of problem
that kind of problemhave Today's weapons
1) modern m16 is alright.
modern m16 is alright
is alrightmodern m16
Vietnam m16 used to clog up and never work.
used Vietnam m16
Vietnam m16 used
2) All M16's are either automatic or semi automatic.
are either automatic All M16's
All M16's are either automatic
No one uses 3 burst.
uses 3 burstNo one
No one 3 burstuses
3 burstuses No one
you play too much cod ;P
you too much cod play
too much cod you play
play you too much cod
modern m16 is best
modern m16 is best
is best modern m16
Planning on going to New Zealand in January.
Is it OK to holiday in Christchurch since the Earthquakes?
Are the hotels back up and running?
Are there still aftershocks?
Are aftershocks
aftershocksAre
Planning on going to North and South Island.
Is it safe to go to Rotarua, since the earthquakes?
Rotorua is fine.
Rotorua is fine
is fineRotorua
I'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake, don't worry, it was very deep, so nothing was effected :)
Iassuming
assuming I
As for Christchurch, yes the aftershocks are still happening, but these are fairly small - you can feel them, but the don't do any damage.
As for Christchurchthe aftershocks happening
happeningthe aftershocks As for Christchurch
the aftershocks happeningAs for Christchurch
Since lots of people are still living there, then it must be fine to visit.
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and hasn't been cleared away yet.
to the public the CBD closed of
the CBD closed of to the public
the CBD to the public closed of
I'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area, but if not then there would be some in close by towns.
I'm sure
'm sure I
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch, just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes.
I recommend Despite the aftershocks
recommend Despite the aftershocks I
Despite the aftershocks recommend I
Have fun in New Zealand!!
in New Zealandfun Have
fun Have in New Zealand
in New ZealandHave fun
(ps. I'm assuming you'll stop off in Wellington, and since its summer, may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos?
Just recently discovered them last time I was down there, they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
last time I was down therethem discovered
discovered last time I was down therethem
discovered them last time I was down there
Loads of places have geographical hazards, if you are constantly paranoid, you'll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure.
have geographical hazardsLoads of places
geographical hazardshave Loads of places
Loads of places geographical hazardshave
In case of an earthquake, stay under a sturdy table and don't go outside as possible debris will fall.
under a sturdy table stay
stay under a sturdy table
Yes it's ok.
's okit
it's ok
Yes, yes and yes.
Nothing wrong with rotorua
Help?!
What size horse do i need?
needWhat size horse i
i What size horse need
What size horse needi
Im around 5'2 - 5'4 , 11 years old and im wondering what size horse i'll need that i wont grow out of quickly?
5'2 I
I5'2
I would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc.
I say
say I
But I would go for the base number of 15hh.
I for the base number of 15hhgo
I go for the base number of 15hh
for the base number of 15hhI go
It's "tall" being it's bigger than a pony, but it's on the small end for a horse.
's "tallIt
It's "tall
I got my horse when I was 12 and I was already 5'9-5'10, thankfully I stopped growing when I hit 5'11" but my horse is about 16.2 or 16.3hh, TB.
my horse I got
my horse got I
I got my horse
So don't be afraid to get something a little bigger than "perfect" just in case you hit a growth spurt.
A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle.
a horse you can't handlemean A taller horse
mean a horse you can't handleA taller horse
a horse you can't handleA taller horse mean
Keep that in mind.
in mindKeep that
Keep in mindthat
that in mindKeep
Also keep in mind whether you want to be able to jump up from the ground, if you even need to, etc.
in mind keep
keep in mind
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is, you can handle it.
You want
want You
i'm5'3-4" and am 21 well will be in Nov and my horse is 14.2hh and she's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block.....only with a saddle though haha i can't bareback, not yet
i5'3
5'3i
If you Don't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14'2 ..
a 14'2 get
get a 14'2
Anything smaller you will grow out, anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and manage, especially when riding.
grow you Anything smaller out
Anything smaller outyou grow
Anything smaller you outgrow
Hope I helped :)
Where in the world is Iguazu?
Iguazu Falls
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world, the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil, are a certainly must see attraction in the area.
are a certainly must see attraction Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world, the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world, the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazilare a certainly must see attraction
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ (The Devil’s Throat), where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air.
known The centre of the falls as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ (The Devil’s Throat), where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air
known as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ (The Devil’s Throat), where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the airThe centre of the falls
The centre of the falls as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ (The Devil’s Throat), where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the airknown
With the sun shinning down on the spray, creating a rainbow in the foreground, this is the perfect place to get that trademark Iguazu Falls photograph.
is the perfect place this
this is the perfect place
However, save some of your shots for the rest of the falls, as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River.
some of your shots for the rest of the fallssave
for the rest of the fallssome of your shots save
for the rest of the fallssave some of your shots
The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible and, dependent on your time restrictions and budget, you can get to the area by either bus or plane.
The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible
are easily accessible The Iguazu Falls
The nearest towns to the site are Puerto Iguazu in Argentina, about 12 miles from the falls, and Foz do Iguaçu in Brazil, which is equally close.
The nearest towns to the site Puerto Iguazu about 12 miles from the falls
The nearest towns to the site about 12 miles from the fallsPuerto Iguazu
about 12 miles from the fallsPuerto Iguazu The nearest towns to the site
Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires.
airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Buenos AiresBoth towns have
have Both towns airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires
Both towns airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aireshave
The bus is obviously the cheaper option, and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours, although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats.
is obviously the cheaper optionThe bus
The bus is obviously the cheaper option
The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours.
is a similar affair The bus trip down from Sao Paulo
The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town, however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks, and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets.
is the larger townFoz on the Brazilian side
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget, there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls.
are For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budgetsome hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budgetsome hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the fallsare
some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the fallsFor those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budgetare
Paris or England while studying aboard?
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I cannot decide where do you think would be the best place to go?
going I
I going
where would you go?
goyou
you go
I have never been anywhere out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina please help!!!!
out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina I been anywhere
out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina been anywhere I
I been anywhere out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina
definitely London -
you speak the language and will have more fun.
you speak the language
the language you speak
you the language speak
The French tend to look down on the Americans and treat them bad.
tend The French
The French tend
London is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around.
London is a deliteful city
is a deliteful city London
You will be able to have a good time there.
be able You
You be able
As you're from the States you'll have much more fun in London.
youin Londonmuch more fun have
in Londonyoumuch more fun have
in Londonhave much more fun you
Parisians dislike Americans for their lack of speaking French and proper French manners.
Americans for their lack of speaking French and proper French mannersdislike Parisians
Americans Parisians dislike for their lack of speaking French and proper French manners
Parisians dislike Americans for their lack of speaking French and proper French manners
I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal (apparently this is "washing down" your food") and not ordering wine.
I told
told I
You'll need to have intermediate French to have a good time in Paris.
Youneed
need You
However, outside Paris everybody is wonderful.
outside Paris everybody is wonderful
everybody is wonderfuloutside Paris
outside Paris is wonderfuleverybody
Nobody likes the Parisians, even then Parisians don't like Parisians.
the ParisiansNobody likes
the Parisianslikes Nobody
likes the ParisiansNobody
South France is wonderful, right on the Mediterranean.
is wonderfulSouth France right on the Mediterranean
right on the MediterraneanSouth France is wonderful
is wonderfulright on the MediterraneanSouth France
It's beautiful and the people are extremely friendly.
's beautiful It
It's beautiful
I used to live in London for 6 months and it's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world (I've been to 45 countries in 5 years).
used I
I used
Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly.
Everything about the place is magical
is magical Everything about the place
However, if you're allowed another option and you want a small-town feel, then head to Edinburgh, Scotland.
to Edinburgh, Scotlandhead
head to Edinburgh, Scotland
I lived there for 8 months.
for 8 monthslived I
lived for 8 monthsI
for 8 monthsI lived
If your French is good/moderate, then head to Paris without a doubt.
head to Paris without a doubt
to Paris head without a doubt
without a doubtto Paris head
I also highly recommend staying with a French family.
I recommend
recommend I
I did this at age 13 in Champagne, France and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing.
I this in Champagne, France at age 13 did
in Champagne, France I this did at age 13
in Champagne, France this I at age 13 did
does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada?
the bta have
have the bta
There is NO such thing as a BTA.
is NO such thing as a BTA
NO such thing as a BTAis
That is a term invented by online romance scammers
That is a term
is a term That
"Second only to flight money, the Basic Travel Allowance (BTA) is the scammers highest paying income.
is the scammers highest paying incomeSecond only to flight money, the Basic Travel Allowance (BTA)
Second only to flight money, the Basic Travel Allowance (BTA) is the scammers highest paying income
Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance, Travellers Allowance Fee, Travellers Assistance Fund, Travellers Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of “I have to have wodges of your cash or they won’t let me fly”.
known as the Personal Travel Allowance, Travellers Allowance Fee, Travellers Assistance Fund, Travellers Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of “I have to have wodges of your cash or they won’t let me fly
as the Personal Travel Allowance, Travellers Allowance Fee, Travellers Assistance Fund, Travellers Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of “I have to have wodges of your cash or they won’t let me flyknown
Let’s get this over with now…
’s Let
Let’s
THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more, anywhere, it’s an online dating scam."
IS NO SUCH THING
NO SUCH THING IS
"THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCE!!
NO SUCH THING AS BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCEIS
IS NO SUCH THING AS BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCE
Please remember: there is NO such thing.
There is NO such requirement, in any country of the world.
in any country of the worldNO such requirementis
NO such requirementin any country of the worldis
in any country of the worldis NO such requirement
This is an invention of the scammers. "
This is an invention
is an invention This
A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp
A single call to CIC confirm
confirm A single call to CIC
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name, birthdate, home address, etc or that you were not conned into sending money.
This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity
This person coming
coming This person
Contact the Anti-Fraud Centre to report this http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html
the Anti-Fraud Centre Contact
Contact the Anti-Fraud Centre
No.
BTA only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS.
exists BTA in the mind of SCAMMERS
BTA exists in the mind of SCAMMERS
in the mind of SCAMMERSBTA exists
100% SCAM.
cut of all contact and tighten up your PC security.
cut of all contact
all contact cut of
There is no such thing as a BTA or "Basic Travel Allowance"-this is 100% a scam-as the first poster said,cut off any and all contact with this person-they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be.
no such thing as a BTA or "Basic Travel Allowance"is
is no such thing as a BTA or "Basic Travel Allowance"
The below site from the US government verifies this-it's the same for Canada ,too.....
The below site from the US government thisverifies
verifies thisThe below site from the US government
thisThe below site from the US government verifies
How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce?
make i my Jack Dempsey
my Jack Dempsey make i
i my Jack Dempsey make
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate
i a Mature male and female have
i have a Mature male and female
have i a Mature male and female
He's the issue, you are trying to "Make" them mate.
's the issueHe
He's the issue
This is like trying to Make 2 people get married.
is This
This is
It doesn't work.
workIt
It work
First you need a compatible pair.
a compatible pairyou need
you need a compatible pair
need a compatible pairyou
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other, so there is hope there.
Then the need to be mature, that is, old enough, and big enough to breed.
the need
need the
This may be around 1/2 of their full adult size, probably 4-5" for those guys.
1/2 This
This 1/2
Then the environment.
Large tank, no annoying tankmates, perfect water conditons and really good feeding.
The difference is what they need to live, VS what's ideal for them.
Get that right, and they will mate when THEY are ready.
that Get
Get that
You can't MAKE them mate, you can only encourage them.
MAKE You them
them MAKE You
them You MAKE
Jack Dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed.
Jack Dempseys are not an easy cichlid
are not an easy cichlid Jack Dempseys
Most of the time one is more interested in breeding than the other.
one is more interested Most of the time than the other
than the otherone Most of the time is more interested
one Most of the time than the otheris more interested
Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3-5 days.
take Bredders the one that in not very interested
Bredders the one that in not very interested take
the one that in not very interested Bredders take
The tank should have a hide space big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit in.
a hide space big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit inhave The tank
The tank a hide space big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit inhave
have The tank a hide space big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit in
The p H should be 6.5-7.
The p H be 6.5
be 6.5The p H
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat for 3-5 days.
as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat for 3-5 daysthe one in the breeding tank feed
feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat for 3-5 days
as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat for 3-5 daysfeed the one in the breeding tank
Then add the other mate.
the other mateadd
add the other mate
They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked.
respond They
They respond
When the males aggressive behavior stops, it is ready to spawn.
is ready it
it is ready
The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them.
inside the cave you made for themtheir eggs The two lay
inside the cave you made for themlay The two their eggs
their eggs The two inside the cave you made for themlay
Turn the water temp up to 82 degrees
Please help with my cats bladder issue?
with my cats bladder issuehelp
help with my cats bladder issue
I have a 1 1/2 year old female calico.
have a 1 1/2 year old female calicoI
a 1 1/2 year old female calicohave I
a 1 1/2 year old female calicoI have
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney.
the vet had a hard time
a hard time the vet had
had a hard time the vet
Recently she has been peeing A LOT.
A LOTpeeing she
peeing A LOTshe
she peeing A LOT
I'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some.
Italking
talking I
She is also peeing around the box and somehow it gets underneath.
She around the box peeing
peeing She around the box
She peeing around the box
I don't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it's getting to be an issue.
I have the money
the money I have
the money have I
I have to scrub the floor 2-3 times a week now.
I have
have I
What could be the issue and can I try some home remedies first?
What be the issue
be the issue What
I love her and want to help her but I don't know when I'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help.
her I love
I her love
love I her
First of all, I am very sorry to hear you're having this issue with your cat. :(
I am very sorry
am very sorry I
Frequent urination is a sign of several things.
Frequent urination is a sign
is a sign Frequent urination
Bladder or Urinary tract infections are two common ones, but these usually are frequent visits, with small amounts of urine being passed.
are two common onesBladder or Urinary tract infections
Bladder or Urinary tract infections are two common ones
If there is blood in the urine, or the cat seems to be in pain, then that is also a good indicator.
is also a good indicatorthat
that is also a good indicator
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine, and this is bad.
a LOT of urinepassing your cat
passing a LOT of urineyour cat
a LOT of urineyour cat passing
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney, I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal failure.
I Given the chance your cat may only have one kidneythink
think Given the chance your cat may only have one kidneyI
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidneyI think
Signs of this can be hard to spot, and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet.
be hard Signs of this
Signs of this be hard
Vomiting, bad breath, and listlessness.
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream.
occur Seizures
Seizures occur
I know you are very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her.
I know
know I
In the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her.
make In the meantime
In the meantime make
I want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program.
want I
I want
I got only 63 points while 67 minimunm is requirement.?
I got only 63 points
I only 63 points got
got I only 63 points
Can i apply with 63 points?
i with 63 pointsapply
i apply with 63 points
with 63 pointsi apply
According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states "Note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing."
it According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp states Note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing
According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp it Note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processingstates
states According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp it Note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing
HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that "The current pass mark is 67.
that same web page states
states that same web page
The pass mark could change.
changeThe pass mark
The pass mark change
You should check for updated information on a regular basis."
check You for updated information on a regular basis
You for updated information on a regular basischeck
for updated information You on a regular basischeck
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency.
was my first attempt The Skilled Worker category
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once.
between the time I began my research and the time I appliedthe minimum score change
the minimum score between the time I began my research and the time I appliedchange
the minimum score change between the time I began my research and the time I applied
Unfortunately, both minimums were above my score.
both minimums above my score
above my scoreboth minimums
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident.
got I lucky
I got lucky
lucky got I
So keep checking at least on a weekly basis.
GOOD NEWS ... I found a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyers at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .
Here is what they posted there
what they posted there Here is
Here is what they posted there
"4. May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points?"
under the Skilled Worker category qualify I
I under the Skilled Worker category qualify
qualify I under the Skilled Worker category
"If the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become economically established in Canada, the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may use his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation) and approve your application even though you score less than 67 points."
use his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation) the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer
the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer use his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation)
the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation) use
Read the full answer at that web page for conditions.
Read at that web page for conditionsthe full answer
for conditionsRead the full answer at that web page
at that web page for conditionsRead the full answer
Sure you can apply.
applyyou
you apply
The points system acts as a guide to sort out the best candidates.
as a guide The points system acts
The points system acts as a guide
acts The points system as a guide
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the points.
on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the pointsYour application evaluated
Your application evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the points
Your application on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as the pointsevaluated
Go ahead, send in your application.
NOTE to BEN .
67 is the minimum score, anything below that is filed in the "circular file basket ".
is the minimum score67
67 is the minimum score
Why have a "minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?
a "minimum " have
have a "minimum "
Jim B
Toronto.
I'm mad and don't know what to do!
'm mad I
I'm mad
Please help!?
Alright, so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it.
my dad me wanting
me wanting my dad
me my dad wanting
(I just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again) so I fineally checked it, and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to Florida!!!
thought I
I thought
I got so excited!!!!
I excited
excitedI
It said it was in January but still!!!!
It said
said It
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates, it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday. :(
I kept
kept I
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates.
I think
think I
(we live in Pennsylvania btw) I'm mad and upset now!
'm mad I
I'm mad
Don't get me wrong I want to go, but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously.
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days.
taking We a 3 hour flight
We a 3 hour flight taking
a 3 hour flight We taking
****sigh**** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really!
Can someone please make me feel better about this trip!!!!
someone me make
make someone me
someone make me
A least your going.!
yougoing
goingyou
Enjoy those 2 days it better then not going at all.!
those 2 days Enjoy
Enjoy those 2 days
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places, i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go. :D
it be fun 2 days
be fun 2 days it
Well, I mean, you don't have to be mad about it.
have you
you have
At least you get to go to Florida in JANUARY.
you get
get you
And, having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family.
you makes
makes you
"Nothing Gold Can Stay", honey.
StayNothing Gold
Nothing Gold Stay
Enjoy it while you can, and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time.
Enjoy it
it Enjoy
If they don't like it, it'll only be two days, remember?
be two daysit
itbe two days
Hope you have a crapload of fun!
(In a good way...)
What is Italian High Renaissance?
What Italian High Renaissance
Italian High RenaissanceWhat
Have a look at this, it may help.
a look at thisHave
Have a look at this
1) The Italian Renaissance began the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe.
began The Italian Renaissance the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe
began the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern EuropeThe Italian Renaissance
the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern EuropeThe Italian Renaissance began
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt.
Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century.
many aspects of Italian culture and society remained
remained many aspects of Italian culture and society
The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means “rebirth”, and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages.
The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means “rebirth”
means “rebirth”The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian)
means The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) “rebirth”
These changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages.
in the eliteThese changesconcentrated
concentrated These changesin the elite
concentrated in the eliteThese changes
2)The expression High Renaissance, in art history, is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance.
The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s, with Leonardos fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence, and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of Charles V.
taken The High Renaissance period
The High Renaissance period taken
This term was first used in German (Hochrenaissance) in the early nineteenth century, and has its origins in the "High Style" of painting and sculpture described by Johann Joachim Winckelmann.
in the early nineteenth centuryThis term used in German
This term in the early nineteenth centuryused in German
This term in the early nineteenth centuryin German used
[1] Over the last twenty years, use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments, ignoring historical context, and focusing only on a few iconic works.
use of the term by academic art historians criticized Over the last twenty years
criticized by academic art historians use of the term Over the last twenty years
criticized use of the term Over the last twenty yearsby academic art historians
[2]
Hope it helps!
I'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time, what should I expect?
'm American I
I'm American
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything.
I need
need I
do you get your visitors visa immediately at the airport?
at the airportget you your visitors visa
at the airportyou get your visitors visa
get at the airportyou your visitors visa
I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitors visa.
I told
told I
do you have to go through a medical exam right away?
you have
have you
drug test?
blood test?
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates?
them i passport show
them passport i show
show them passport i
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say its a routine thing when entering another country.
to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy i talked
to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy talked i
i talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute- which I really don't have the money for.
I have no idea what to expect or prepare for
have I no idea what to expect or prepare for
I no idea what to expect or prepare for have
I'm really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly.
I'm really worried
'm really worried I
An American passport should get you right into the country, there is no need for a VISA, for six months.
get for six monthsAn American passport right into the countryyou
you An American passport for six monthsright into the countryget
get you right into the countryAn American passport for six months
There is no medical exam or blood test or others like that.
is no medical exam or blood test or others like that
no medical exam or blood test or others like thatis
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice.
need You
You need
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport information.
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport information
the link to the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport informationAbove is
It is free.
is freeIt
It is free
I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K.
more than two weeks at a time stayed I
stayed more than two weeks at a time I
I more than two weeks at a time stayed
You should be fine with just a passport, unless you're staying longer than six months.
be fine You with just a passport
be fine with just a passportYou
with just a passportYou be fine
You should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though.
check with the necessary embassy You
check You with the necessary embassy
with the necessary embassy check You
I am not sure how well you planned this trip.
am not sure I
I am not sure
You'll have a great time, so no worries there.
have Youa great time
a great timeYouhave
a great timehave You
I visited London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews so far, and I was treated very well and with great kindness.
visited I London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews
I London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews visited
London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews visited I
Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated, and you'll be fine.
everyone else treat
treat everyone else
That tactic never failed me.
mefailed That tactic
failed meThat tactic
That tactic mefailed
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female?
get you What
you What get
get What you
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?
a sussex male and a pekin female i had
a sussex male and a pekin female had i
i had a sussex male and a pekin female
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks?
like i
i like
A Sussex crossed with Silkie would make a crossbred *mutt* chicken.
A Sussex crossed with Silkie make a crossbred *mutt* chicken
a crossbred *mutt* chickenA Sussex crossed with Silkie make
make a crossbred *mutt* chickenA Sussex crossed with Silkie
There are a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie, so the offspring would vary in appearance.
a lot of genetics at play are between a Sussex and Silkie
between a Sussex and Silkieare a lot of genetics at play
a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkieare
You don't say what color Silkie or Sussex you are dealing with so I can't say what color your chicks would be likely to be.
say You
You say
However, I can say what features they would/could have.
I say
say I
Feather Type.
Silkies have hookless feathers.
Silkies hookless feathershave
Silkies have hookless feathers
hookless feathersSilkies have
Sussexs have soft feathers.
have Sussexs soft feathers
Sussexs soft feathershave
Sussexs have soft feathers
All offspring from this cross will have soft feathers, as hookless feathers are a recessive gene.
have All offspring from this cross soft feathers
All offspring from this cross soft feathershave
have soft feathersAll offspring from this cross
Skin Color: Silkies have black skin color, which is dominate.
Sussex have White Skin which could be recessive or dominate.
have White Skin which could be recessive or dominateSussex
have Sussex White Skin which could be recessive or dominate
White Skin which could be recessive or dominateSussex have
Either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene.
the black geneEither way dilute rec. and dom. white genes
dilute Either way rec. and dom. white genes the black gene
the black genedilute Either way rec. and dom. white genes
Skin will be darker but lighter then the Silkies.
Skin be darker
be darker Skin
Beards/Muffs: If your Silkie has a beard/muff the offspring could have a beard as well, as these genes are incomplete dominate.
Feathered Feet/Shanks- Chicks could have feathered feet/shanks as this is also incomplete dominate.
Crest: Chicks could also develop a small crest due to this being another incomplete dominate gene.
Comb Type: Silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types (Rose and Pea) single is also there, but is recessive.
So crossed to a Sussex you could get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed bird.
a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed birdget you
you get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed bird
get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed birdyou
Five Toes: Silkies have five toes.
Sussex have four toes.
Sussex have four toes
have Sussex four toes
four toeshave Sussex
Crossed together (five toes is incompletely dominate) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both, or even one foot.
develop chicks
chicks develop
Silkie crosses are great birds, and very neat looking.
Silkie crosses are great birds
are great birdsSilkie crosses
Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger, can see better, and are smarter the Silkies.
Hens excellent mothers make
Hens make excellent mothers
excellent mothers Hens make
Best wishes,
Jamie/RhodeRunner
I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000.
some photos of my model girlfriend I took with my Nikon D7000
took with my Nikon D7000I some photos of my model girlfriend
I with my Nikon D7000took some photos of my model girlfriend
What do you think of these photos?
What think you of these photos
think of these photosyou What
think of these photosWhat you
http://i.imgur.com/S2MD2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/T2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/Xytex.jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 (see links above).
What do you think of these photos?
What think of these photosyou
you of these photosthink What
you think of these photosWhat
The lighting was not the best, but the pics turned out ok in my opinion.
was not the bestThe lighting
The lighting was not the best
deleting a question where you dont like the answer won't get you better answers... i refer to my previous answer:
better answersyou get
better answersget you
get you better answers
you need to learn about white balance, composition, angle, and work on using the camera properly...
need you
you need
[edit - and she most be very new to modeling, because she does look unsure of her poses)
lol, he has posted this so many times today already.
he this so many times today posted
so many times today posted this he
so many times posted today he this
clearly hes mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it's NOT his gf
hes mad
s mad he
Not bad, but too many distracting elements for my taste.
For example:
In the photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot.
with everything else in the shotthe pillow she is resting on In the photo on the couchclashes
the pillow she is resting on clashes In the photo on the couchwith everything else in the shot
the pillow she is resting on In the photo on the couchclashes with everything else in the shot
There are also some distracting background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on the left.
are some distracting background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on the left
some distracting background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on the leftare
In the standing photo (from the front) there is a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord.
is In the standing photo (from the front) a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord
In the standing photo (from the front) is a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord
In the standing photo (from the front) a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cordis
In the shot from the back, the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet.
the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable In the shot from the back
is pretty noticeable In the shot from the backthe crumpled bottom of the curtain
In the shot from the backthe crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable
Compositionally, this one is not my favorite, I would suggest trying a different crop because I dont think cutting her off at the calf looks great.
is not my favoritethis one
this one is not my favorite
I do like the shadow, though.
I the shadowlike
the shadowlike I
I like the shadow
My suggestion is to pay close attention to what's going on in the background and if possible, stand on a chair, get on the ground, do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements.
My suggestion is
is My suggestion
Using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements.
I've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first.
Ia few great shots myself had
myself had a few great shots I
had a few great shots Imyself
what are some unique customs in ireland?
some unique customs in irelandwhat are
what are some unique customs in ireland
As far ask I’m aware our most unique custom would be the “Country Wake”.
Country Wakeour most unique custom
our most unique custom Country Wake
In all my travels I’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners.
In all my travels anything like it Iseen
anything like it In all my travels seen I
seen In all my travels anything like it I
After a person dies, their remains are “waked ” in their home for roughly 2-3days.
for roughly 2-3daystheir remains waked in their home
in their home their remains waked for roughly 2-3days
their remains waked for roughly 2-3daysin their home
In this time visitors will come to the house, pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun.
to the houseIn this time visitors come
visitors In this time come to the house
visitors come In this time to the house
The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains.
included The wake the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains
included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remainsThe wake
the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remainsThe wake included
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike.
with Protestants and Catholics alikeare common Wakes
are common with Protestants and Catholics alikeWakes
Wakes are common with Protestants and Catholics alike
But only really in the countryside.
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war.
is The only notable difference I have noticed
The only notable difference I have noticed is
Another unique custom (and a dying one at that) is the Pioneers.
is the PioneersAnother unique custom (and a dying one at that)
Another unique custom (and a dying one at that) is the Pioneers
The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance (abstaining from alcohol), in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by.
The Pioneers was an organization
was an organization The Pioneers
Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee-total and at the hight of the organization popularity, had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary.
take a pledge to remain tee-total Pioneers
take Pioneers a pledge to remain tee-total
a pledge to remain tee-total Pioneers take
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century.
I my self am one
am one I my self
The Orange Order and the 12th of July Marches would be argued by some not to be an Irish custom but unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one.
by some The Orange Order and the 12th of July Marches argued
The Orange Order and the 12th of July Marches by some argued
argued The Orange Order and the 12th of July Marches by some
The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland.
attended by protestants in the Ulster The marches on the 12th of July
by protestants in the Ulster attended The marches on the 12th of July
by protestants in the Ulster The marches on the 12th of July attended
Barn brack and the ring.
the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter ,barn brack and col-cannon for Halloween.
the irish customs we have in our family are
arethe irish customs we have in our family
christmas cake for christmas day.
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do?
see on a TV screen animals images
on a TV screen animals images see
animals on a TV screen images see
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do?
on a TV screen animals images see
see animals images on a TV screen
see on a TV screen images animals
I'm unsure of this, because once I watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she didn't react to seeing another cat on TV.
'm unsure of thisI
I'm unsure of this
of thisI'm unsure
I heard that a company (here is a link: http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html ) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs, complete with squeaky chew-toy sounds, and high pitched sounds that humans can't hear.
heard I
I heard
As far as I understand, this ad will get dogs excited, but my question is: Can dogs actually see the images featured in the advert like humans?
this ad dogs get
get dogs this ad
dogs get this ad
Also, can animals remember images on TV like us, humans?
remember like us, humansimages on TV animals
images on TV animals like us, humansremember
animals images on TV remember like us, humans
If so, then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog/cat/parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared?
that mean
mean that
I wouldn't know--I don't particularly like scary movies, and I haven't tried this with my pet.
knowI
I know
Although, I don't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time; I am sure they'll forget sometime--or am I wrong?
I think
think I
So what about T.V.?
Do dogs enjoy watching T.V.?
dogs enjoy
enjoy dogs
Well, T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture.
T.V. is a series
is a series T.V.
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture.
broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless pictureThe pictures
broadcast The pictures at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture
The pictures at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picturebroadcast
To a dog, watching T.V. is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80Hz.
So they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them.
they see
see they
So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T.V., it’s probably because of the sounds.
chances are
are chances
Hearing is a dog’s secondary sense, and I will discuss that in another blog entery.
is a dog’s secondary senseHearing
Hearing is a dog’s secondary sense
Yes they do.
dothey
they do
im pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen
m pretty sure i
im pretty sure
How much should I be looking at for horse transportation?
looking for horse transportationat I
for horse transportationI looking at
for horse transportationat looking I
I need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season, and the location is about 3 hours away from where I live.
I one horse need
one horse I need
need I one horse
The place where I'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far, and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself.
The place where I'm boarding is not likely
is not likely The place where I'm boarding
So I want to hire someone (or multiple people) to transport me to these shows.
want I
I want
If they ask how much I'm willing to pay, what is a good price range?
a good price rangewhat is
what is a good price range
I saw a site that charges $0.70 per mile.
a site that charges $0.70 per mileI saw
I a site that charges $0.70 per milesaw
saw a site that charges $0.70 per mileI
Is that reasonable?
Impossible to say, but I guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that, and some on top for the driver's time and effort, unless you are able to share transport with another or more, that would keep the costs down.
Remember that you get what you pay for.
Three hours isn't far, but you are doing multiple shows.
isn't farThree hours
Three hours isn't far
Some people are willing to take your horse, but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world.
Some people are willing
are willing Some people
Rusted, torn corners in the stalls, unhealthy air, straight load instead of slant load can all make travelling hard, if not downright dangerous, on your horse.
Rusted, torn corners in the stalls, unhealthy air, straight load instead of slant load make travelling
travelling Rusted, torn corners in the stalls, unhealthy air, straight load instead of slant load make
make travelling Rusted, torn corners in the stalls, unhealthy air, straight load instead of slant load
I had my horse transported from CA to WA and he came on this big, open stock trailer.
had I
I had
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight.
was dehydrated He
He was dehydrated
Since then, I now use a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for water, and their trailers all have super smooth suspension.
a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for waterSince thenuse I
Since thena professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for waterI use
I a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for wateruse Since then
All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive.
are happy All horses I've had delivered to me since then
All horses I've had delivered to me since then are happy
I would call Bob Hubbard Transport and get a quote.
call I Bob Hubbard Transport
Bob Hubbard Transport I call
I Bob Hubbard Transport call
Even though you may not want to use them, it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair.
some idea of what it might cost and what is fairgive you it
some idea of what it might cost and what is fairgive it you
give some idea of what it might cost and what is fairit you
See link below.
See link below
link belowSee
Make sure the trailer service you use is bonded/insured and knows something about first aid.
Do they have this anywhere?
have this they
this have they
they this have
I want to take a cruise around the world.
want I
I want
I mean literally around the world if possible.
around the world mean I
mean I around the world
mean around the world I
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess.
estimate you
you estimate
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to?
any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go tois
is any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to
Like you can pick the destinations?
the destinationsyou pick
you the destinationspick
you pick the destinations
But if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere.
1. Here's a site that lists world cruises including prices.
a site that lists world cruises including pricesHere's
Here's a site that lists world cruises including prices
Prices listed, however, are usually based on two people in a cabin, and you will likely face some high "single supplement" costs in addition.
based Prices listedon two people in a cabin
Prices listedbased on two people in a cabin
Prices listedon two people in a cabinbased
(Two people in a cabin will spend more onboard, so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone.
more Two people in a cabin spend
Two people in a cabin more spend
more spend Two people in a cabin
You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete).
be able You
You be able
2. Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary.
see any way you could customize your own itineraryI
I see any way you could customize your own itinerary
any way you could customize your own itinerarysee I
Good luck!
Various world cruises from most of the major cruise lines, typically 100 days in duration.
Travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy.
you have
have you
No possibility to customise ports of call.
Prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i.e Transatlantic to London (England), England to Barcelona (Spain), Barcelona to Alexandria (Egypt), Egypt to India via Suez canal etc.
about 18 months in advance Prearranged
Prearranged about 18 months in advance
yes there are multiple around the world cruises, mainly offered by the more upscale lines.
multiple around the world cruises, mainly offered by the more upscale linesare
are multiple around the world cruises, mainly offered by the more upscale lines
HOWEVER: you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin, even if it is just you.
you pay
pay you
so any price you find, DOUBLE IT figure, $40K at least.
IT DOUBLE any price you find
any price you findDOUBLE IT
DOUBLE IT any price you find
and no you cannot customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore.. say book a Panamal Canal crossing, then fly to Asia and pick it up again and sail to India then fly to Europe to sail the Med before flying to England to hit the Transatlantic corssing.
you customize an itinerary
you an itinerary customize
customize you an itinerary
Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s?
No.
There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time--the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China, there were lots of Japanese who'd been displaced during WWII.
for a long timea large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area been
been for a long timea large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area
a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long timebeen
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black.
was blackThe whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black
The Mission was basically latin-american.
was basically latin-americanThe Mission
The Mission was basically latin-american
As the southeast asians and philipinos came over, they added to the cultures.
added to the culturesthey
they added to the cultures
to the culturesadded they
So, the Bay Area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time--caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that's who the photographers took pictures of.
the Bay Area been fairly mixed for a long time
the Bay Area for a long timebeen fairly mixed
been fairly mixed for a long timethe Bay Area
The other ethicities weren't well represented in politics yet--or rather, they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open-minded hippy generation.
The other ethicities represented in politics
The other ethicities in politics represented
in politics The other ethicities represented
Marin County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay areas started out as white suburbs.
Marin County was predominantly caucasian
was predominantly caucasian Marin County
It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact.
was It
It was
You never saw black MUNI drivers, Asian police, Latino politicians until then.
saw You black MUNI drivers, Asian police, Latino politicians until then
saw black MUNI drivers, Asian police, Latino politicians You until then
black MUNI drivers, Asian police, Latino politicians You until thensaw
It was an evolution.
It was an evolution
was an evolutionIt
Many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s.
until the mid-80sMany illegals in the population counted
until the mid-80sin the population Many illegals counted
until the mid-80sin the population counted Many illegals
We did not have big percent of Chinese migration until the mid 90s.
We until the mid 90shave big percent of Chinese migration
have until the mid 90sWe big percent of Chinese migration
big percent of Chinese migration have until the mid 90sWe
We had fewer people running across the Mexican border then.
We fewer people running across the Mexican border had
fewer people running across the Mexican border We had
had fewer people running across the Mexican border We
We had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted.
at that time for people We had fewer social benefits
at that time fewer social benefits for people We had
fewer social benefits for people We at that time had
Only Caucasians had any political power, corporate presence or owned businesses except for Mom and Pop stores in some neighborhoods.
had Only Caucasians any political power, corporate presence
had any political power, corporate presence Only Caucasians
Only Caucasians any political power, corporate presence had
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers.
in the 19th and 20th century settled San Francisco by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers
by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborersSan Francisco settled in the 19th and 20th century
San Francisco in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborerssettled
There has always been a Mexican-American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico.
been a Mexican-American cultural influence
a Mexican-American cultural influence been
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected.
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically.
was always progressive San Francisco
San Francisco was always progressive
The counties outside San Francisco were more white than San Francisco in the 70s.
were more white than San Francisco in the 70sThe counties outside San Francisco
in the 70sthan San Francisco were more white The counties outside San Francisco
The counties outside San Francisco in the 70swere more white than San Francisco
EDIT: My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time.
Can rabbits and chickens live together?
live rabbits and chickens
rabbits and chickens live
I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet, but my parents said that it has to stay outside.
I thinking
thinking I
We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thing.
own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thingWe
We own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thing
We two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thingown
There is already a little dog house that I would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and I was thinking about keeping the rabbit in the run with the chickens, but keeping the chickens in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night.
a little dog house that I would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there is
is a little dog house that I would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there
However, in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens?
be okay in the day time
in the day time be okay
We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day, but it's nothing that a rabbit wouldn't be able to digest just fine.
the chickens feed We scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day
scraps of veggies and fruits feed We throughout the daythe chickens
the chickens We throughout the dayfeed scraps of veggies and fruits
So, can rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for their food and water?
live rabbits and chickens
rabbits and chickens live
(The rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough for the rabbit, the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food) Also, is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed?
My last rabbit did that a few times, and he was fine...
that My last rabbit did a few times
did a few timesMy last rabbit that
My last rabbit a few timesthat did
I just wanna make sure :) Thank!
wanI
I wan
Yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(I mean not roosters),Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of that,hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets!
From my experience Hens(Not roosters) are very friendly with duck,Guinea pigs,kittens,cows,Rabbits,etc.
From my experience Hens(Not roosters) are very friendly with duck,Guinea pigs,kittens,cows,Rabbits,etc
Hens(Not roosters) with duck,Guinea pigs,kittens,cows,Rabbits,etcFrom my experience are very friendly
Hens(Not roosters) From my experience are very friendly with duck,Guinea pigs,kittens,cows,Rabbits,etc
Be sure not to feed your rabbits non-veg items!
You said they live in different cages and they are free in day,so no problem,don't put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that of hens,wet bedding can cause diseases in them!
said You
You said
So,don't put both of them in one cage.
both of them in one cageput
in one cageput both of them
put in one cageboth of them
Good luck!
yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender.
guess i
i guess
So be very careful and some feeds could be toxic to rabbits and safe for chickens.
Rabbits do burrow also so don't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes.
burrow Rabbits
Rabbits burrow
rabbits are delicate and can get diseases so watch out for that.
are delicate rabbits
rabbits are delicate
melting brass did not work?
my friends and I are trying to melt bras to make some little figures.
trying my friends and I
my friends and I trying
we have made a furnace as such, we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom, filled the pipe with brass scrap, surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot, everything got red hot but did not melt.
a furnace as suchwe made
we as suchmade a furnace
as suchmade a furnace we
what am I doing wrong
what doing I
I what doing
what I doing
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
I recommend
recommend I
I'll just echo both other answers.
Iboth other answersecho
Iecho both other answers
both other answersIecho
Molten brass is damn hot and usually it's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen.
Molten brass is damn hot
is damn hot Molten brass
Even if you did melt it, I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it.
doubt I
I doubt
It's really too advanced for a beginner, both in tooling and safety.
's really too advanced for a beginnerboth in tooling and safetyIt
's really too advanced Itboth in tooling and safetyfor a beginner
for a beginnerboth in tooling and safety's really too advanced It
Just the zinc fumes will get you, if you don't take precautions.
youget the zinc fumes
get the zinc fumes you
the zinc fumes get you
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing, and it melts on a stove top.
for what you are doingPewter is perfect
is perfect Pewter for what you are doing
for what you are doingis perfect Pewter
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
recommend I
I recommend
Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just doesn't get hot enough.
has Brass an even higher melting point than bronze
has an even higher melting point than bronze Brass
Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze
I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal (e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal, not barbecue charcoal).
bet I
I bet
I have done a fair amount of metal casting, but never tried to build my own furnace, but I think your version is just too small and doesn't get hot enough.
a fair amount of metal castingdone I
I a fair amount of metal castingdone
done I a fair amount of metal casting
I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill).
in a crucible melted small amounts of bronze I with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch
in a crucible I small amounts of bronze melted with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch
melted with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torchI small amounts of bronze in a crucible
I melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm
melt brass I
I melt brass
I brass melt
Brass melts at just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hot.
melts Brass at just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hot
at just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hotBrass melts
melts at just under 2000F which is a bright yellow heat, not red hotBrass
You might be able to make a version of your setup work, but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air.
be able You
You be able
I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
use with a blower and a burner I built I propane
I with a blower and a burner I built use propane
propane use I with a blower and a burner I built
Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food?
all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food
Halal foodall UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide
provide Halal foodall UK towns and their cafes or restaurants
Some friends of mine visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer.
visited in Devon last summerSome friends of mine Dartmouth
visited Some friends of mine Dartmouth in Devon last summer
in Devon Dartmouth visited Some friends of mine last summer
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods.
They find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods
They any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foodsfind
find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foodsThey
Its important to their religion that they only consume Halal food.
Its important to their religion
s important Itto their religion
to their religion s important It
Even if you buy a cake in a bakers you can not be too what happens in the kitchen, for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham.
be too you
you be too
Its simply not just a case of avoiding pork, alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat, but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods.
Its simply not just a case
s simply not just a case It
Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and should provide foods for people of all religions.
supposed Places like Dartmouth
Places like Dartmouth supposed
We all enjoy buying a snack when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday.
We all enjoy
enjoy We all
Not everyone wants to bring packed lunch.
wants Not everyone
Not everyone wants
Its not fair if some people have to go without buying food because no place will provide suitable food for them.
s not fair It
Its not fair
I think its only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal.
I think
think I
When I went to Bosnia, all the meat was Halal.
was Halalall the meat
all the meat was Halal
I will not eat halal meat, so guess what, I opted for foods which weren't a meat dish, there were plenty of other options.
I halal meateat
I eat halal meat
halal meatI eat
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it.
I go to their country
go I to their country
to their country I go
When you go to another country, you live by their way of life and their laws, if you don't like it, you know how to get back out the country (but I guess our benefits system is too much to throw away, huh).
you live by their way of life and their laws
live by their way of life and their lawsyou
live you by their way of life and their laws
Cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food groups anyway, they normally have blue for bakery items, have red for cooked meat, have brown for raw meat, etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policies.
use the same cutlery for different food groups Cafes and restaurants
the same cutlery for different food groups Cafes and restaurants use
Cafes and restaurants the same cutlery for different food groups use
No.
To prevent animal cruelty, many countries forbid Halal and Kosher meat.
forbid Halal and Kosher meatmany countries
forbid many countries Halal and Kosher meat
many countries Halal and Kosher meatforbid
Switzerland is one, and the Netherlands are passing the same law.
Switzerland is one
is oneSwitzerland
It will become EU law in a couple of years.
It become
become It
We can't dictate what business wants to open where.
dictate We
We dictate
If someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places.
start they
they start
How to convince my parents to let me get a Ball python?
my parents convince
convince my parents
They don't know ANYTHING about Ball pythons.
know ANYTHING about Ball pythonsThey
know They ANYTHING about Ball pythons
They ANYTHING about Ball pythonsknow
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house.
says she
she says
She has no experience with snakes and has never held one.
She has no experience with snakes
no experience with snakes has She
has She no experience with snakes
I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one, I'm 14 by the way
did all my research I
all my research I did
all my research did I
Lay some knowledge on them dude.
some knowledge Lay dudeon them
on them Lay some knowledge dude
Lay some knowledge on them dude
Maybe if they see how much time and effort you've devoted to researching the animal they'll reconsider.
reconsiderthey
theyreconsider
Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a month (if even that much) to keep it fed.
Tell them
them Tell
Be helpful around the house to show that even if you can't pay for it yourself that youre willing to work for it.
Be helpful around the house
around the house Be helpful
Once you've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be.
Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit.
My wife was TERRIFIED of snakes when we first met, I introduced her to one out my baby corn snakes and she fell in love with it.
My wife was TERRIFIED of snakes
of snakes My wife was TERRIFIED
My wife of snakes was TERRIFIED
Be persistent, but don't pester them about it cause that'll get you nowhere fast.
Good luck!
My general convince your parents to let you get a reptile advice:
1. Be responsible.
Do all your chores without being nagged, take care of any existing pets, keep your room clean, and so on.
Do all your chores
all your chores Do
Prove, to your parents' satisfaction, that you, not they, will be the one actually taking care of your new pet.
to your parents' satisfactionProve
Proveto your parents' satisfaction
2. Save up, and research, so that you are ready for your new pet.
3. Bargain with them.
with themBargain
Bargain with them
Offer to do extra chores, ask for your pet as a reward for good grades, something like that.
4. Play the sympathy card.
Play the sympathy card
the sympathy cardPlay
If you can find a pet at a shelter, or that a friend needs to get rid of because they're moving or whatever, you might be able to talk your parents into "giving it a good home" where you might not be able to talk them into buying a new pet.
you be able
be able you
On the fear angle--talk her into coming to the pet store with you.
talk On the fear angleher
On the fear angletalk her
On the fear angleher talk
Once you're there, ask if you can hold a ball python.
Once you're holding it, try to get her to touch/pet it...
My Snake's meal is TOO big, what can I do?
is TOO bigMy Snake's meal
My Snake's meal is TOO big
Just today I bought a medium rat for my beloved Ball Python Salazar (name after Harry Potter).
bought for my beloved Ball Python Salazar (name after Harry Potter)Just today I a medium rat
for my beloved Ball Python Salazar (name after Harry Potter)I Just today bought a medium rat
bought for my beloved Ball Python Salazar (name after Harry Potter)I a medium rat Just today
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily.
Last time I got a medium rat was a girl it
was a girl it Last time I got a medium rat
was a girl Last time I got a medium rat it
But today, I got a boy and realized that he is HUGE!
a boy I todaygot
a boy I got today
I todaya boy got
I really do love my snake cause she is actually an affectionate cold-blooded creature.
love my snake I
love I my snake
my snake I love
So my true question comes to this, how can I knock the rat out?
to thismy true question comes
my true question comes to this
comes my true question to this
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away, do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull?
run he
he run
I really do need answers and advice, and NOT INSULTING ANSWERS!!
answers and advice, and NOT INSULTING ANSWERSI need
I need answers and advice, and NOT INSULTING ANSWERS
I answers and advice, and NOT INSULTING ANSWERSneed
LIKE SERIOUSLY!! >:(
Best answer shall receive points :)
Best answer receive points
Best answer points receive
receive points Best answer
iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once, snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing, so why not give her a good hunt, but if you do want him knock him id just throw him against the wall or something,, lol i dont know, i agree with you though throw him, haha
him iw in the tank stick
iw stick in the tank him
in the tank iw stick him
Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed, you can "gas it".
itgas you
gas you it
you gas it
Just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it.
put in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes the rat
in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes the rat put
in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes put the rat
If it won't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface, like a refrigerator or wall.
the rat you hold by the tail
hold the rat you by the tail
you hold the rat by the tail
I don't like that option though - I think it's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake.
like I that option
that option like I
that option I like
I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane.
do I the tupperwear idea
do the tupperwear idea I
the tupperwear idea do I
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point, it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive.
wait You
You wait
And also maybe try holding the rat in feeding prongs so your snake can get a good hold and grip on his prey.
Good luck!
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen/thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run.
My opinion - take it for what it's worth… :-)
Looking to move to Toronto?
I am a 20 something gay black male and I am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area.
I am a 20 something gay black male
am a 20 something gay black male I
Im moving from South Carolina so this will already be a huge culture shock.
Im from South Carolina moving
moving from South Carolina Im
from South Carolina moving Im
Any suggestions?
Being gay and living in Toronto is just fine.
You may consider the Gay Village on Church Street, right downtown.
consider the Gay Village on Church Street, right downtownYou
the Gay Village on Church Street, right downtownYou consider
You the Gay Village on Church Street, right downtownconsider
It is full of gay friendly "everything".
of gay friendly "everything"It is full
of gay friendly "everything"is full It
is full It of gay friendly "everything"
But, you could live where ever you fancy takes you.
live you
you live
For obvious reasons, knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city, you should probably try to be near the subway system.
try For obvious reasons, you
For obvious reasons, you try
For obvious reasons, try you
But, can you immigrate?
you immigrate
immigrateyou
Being an American guarantees you no favours when it come to going to Canada.
guarantees no favours you
guarantees you no favours
you no favours guarantees
Start your process here, if you haven't already.
Start your process
your process Start
(Marrying a Canadian is not enough - that doesn't count for at least two years.)
A normal processing time, unless you have an advanced degree or a "specified" skill is from 3 - 5 years.
A normal processing timeis from 3 - 5 years
is from 3 - 5 yearsA normal processing time
Coming to stay, and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD.
to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD. lead
lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD.
Lets be clear about this...........
s Let
Lets
Just 'wanting to come to Canada " is NOT enough.
You MUST apply, to become a Immigrant, and WAIT to be approved, by the Canadian Government.
You apply
applyYou
YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history, combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record, and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) are all taken into consideration.
taken into considerationYOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history, combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record, and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA )
taken YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history, combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record, and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) into consideration
YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history, combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record, and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) into considerationtaken
It is a competition, and YOU will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others, from all over the world, for a place in the line up.
is a competitionIt
It is a competition
IF you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW< you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada.
are you
you are
So don't pack your bags ,yet.
pack your bags
your bags pack
Whatever you do ...............DO NOT try to come here with out legal permission.
You will not be able to seek work or take a job, in Canada, with out having to show your Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card to any potential employer.
be able You
You be able
Being an American and from the "south " you will be noticed as soon as you speak out loud .
you noticed
noticed you
Do it properly, and legally, and you will be OK.
Do it
it Do
Jim B
Toronto.
How to train my puppy ?
train my puppy
my puppy train
I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy.
a 4 months Shih Tzu puppyI have
have I a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy
a 4 months Shih Tzu puppyhave I
Recently I'm having trouble training him.
having trouble training himI
Ihaving trouble training him
Itrouble training himhaving
He is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put the leash on, he will try to bite it.
hate He walking with leash
walking with leashHe hate
He walking with leashhate
And he is not following me when I was walking.
following me he
me he following
me following he
I saw lots of videos about this, but actually it didn't help.
I lots of videos about thissaw
lots of videos about thisI saw
saw lots of videos about thisI
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?
any way can let him know how to walk with leash Is
Is any way can let him know how to walk with leash
And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them, doesn't listen to me.
to people he every time he see some one rush
to people every time he see some one he rush
he rush every time he see some one to people
He is really excited about anybody he see.
about anybody he seeis really excited He
He about anybody he seeis really excited
is really excited He about anybody he see
How to prevent this ?
prevent this
this prevent
Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he can't, he will bark all the time until I let him get on, what should I do with this ?
is Last thing
Last thing is
Anyone have any suggestion?
Anyone have any suggestion
have any suggestionAnyone
Anyone any suggestionhave
thank you very much.
you thank
thank you
Hi, I am a dog trainer for 25 yrs.
for 25 yrsdog trainer I
dog trainer for 25 yrsI
I for 25 yrsdog trainer
You need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness.
You need
need You
This type of harness goes around the dogs chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades.
around the dogs chest and legs goes This type of harness
goes around the dogs chest and legs This type of harness
This type of harness goes around the dogs chest and legs
This way, he cannot reach the leash to chew it.
the leash he This wayreach
reach he the leash This way
he This wayreach the leash
When he swivels his head to go for it anyway, tell him sharp "UH UH" gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk.
him tell
tell him
Do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash.
Do this
this Do
Patience is the key here.
Patience is the key
is the key Patience
He is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training.
is a young pup He
He is a young pup
And always, always train with love and positive methods- never hit or harshly scold.
with love and positive methodstrain
train with love and positive methods
Never train out of fear.
out of feartrain
train out of fear
You want your dog to admire you as his pack leader, not fear you.
want your dog You
your dog You want
want You your dog
Good luck with your puppy!
All the best.
Put him in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer. :)
Put in dog obedience school him
in dog obedience school Put him
Put him in dog obedience school
why dont you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right.
you get some treats that he loves
you some treats that he loves get
get some treats that he loves you
or, as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv, get a clicker type thing and treats as well.
get a clicker type thing and treats as well
a clicker type thing and treats as wellget
try to train him to heel, which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash, and he may do that.
or you could even spray some scented spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably, if you act quick enough, will stay on the leash.
some scented spray you on the leash spray
on the leash some scented spray you spray
on the leash spray some scented spray you
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi/Agra/Varanasi for rs500 per night?
I expect
expect I
Hey guys.
I'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night.
Ilooking
looking I
There would be four of us so we would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs1000, close to the centre of these cities.
four of us so we would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs1000, close to the centre of these cities. be
be four of us so we would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs1000, close to the centre of these cities.
This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like.
Thanks in advance for sharing your experience!
Sorry, almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk-in to these hotels rather than pre book?
In Delhi I'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse.
IAjay GuesthouseIn Delhi recommend
IIn Delhi recommend Ajay Guesthouse
recommend Ajay GuesthouseIn Delhi I
Travelled to Delhi twice and stayed there twice.
Travelled to Delhi
to Delhi Travelled
Rooms start from 500 per double.
Rooms start from 500 per double
from 500 per doubleRooms start
start from 500 per doubleRooms
Those ones are quite small.
are quite smallThose ones
Those ones are quite small
Must say, in Delhi it's hard to get good price/quality rating.
I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide.
this hotel I found in the Lonely Planet guide
I found in the Lonely Planet guidethis hotel
found this hotel I in the Lonely Planet guide
It's in an area starting with a P, many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice.
Itin an area
in an area It
But in general, Delhi is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price.
is the hardest place in generalDelhi
in generalis the hardest place Delhi
Delhi in generalis the hardest place
In Varanasi I don't know.
In Varanasi knowI
I In Varanasi know
In Varanasi I know
I've stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor?
in a more expensive hotel stayed I
stayed Iin a more expensive hotel
in a more expensive hotel Istayed
Also, while travelling ask people where they've been and if they have any hotel recommendations.
people ask
ask people
In Agra I've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide.
In Agra in a place fellow travellers recommendedIstayed
Istayed in a place fellow travellers recommendedIn Agra
In Agra Istayed in a place fellow travellers recommended
It was nice and close to the Taj.
It was nice
was nice It
It was quite easy to find something.
(Dont stay in Agra too long.
in Agra stay
stay in Agra
One night is enough!)
One night is enough
is enoughOne night
There were many hotels there.
many hotels were
were many hotels
Ive paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean.
paid 500 for a double room I
I500 for a double room paid
Ipaid 500 for a double room
Good luck, enjoy your time!
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra.
a normal budget hotel find You for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned
a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night find You in the cities you mentioned
in the cities you mentionedfind You a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night
To Stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi.
is best Hotel Aster Inn
Hotel Aster Inn is best
it is in karol bagh.
karol baghit
it karol bagh
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market, Presidential Palace, and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it.
to itare near some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market, Presidential Palace, and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar
are near to itsome beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market, Presidential Palace, and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar
are near some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market, Presidential Palace, and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar to it
TO Stay in Agra -Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you.
for youHotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect
is perfect for youHotel Atithi and Aditya Palace
for youis perfect Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace
it is centrally situated.
situatedit
it situated
To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice...
is you choiceSandeep Hotel
Sandeep Hotel is you choice
which one out of these makes the best pet?
the best petwhich one out of these makes
which one out of these the best petmakes
makes which one out of these the best pet
a degu, a rat, a mouse, a hamster or a guinea pig?
and why is the one a better pet?
Get a guinea pig.
a guinea pigGet
Get a guinea pig
I have a hamster, and mice and rats like to escape.
a hamsterhave I
I have a hamster
a hamsterI have
The Guinea pig is better because its a lot larger than a hamster, rat, mouse, or degu.
is better The Guinea pig
The Guinea pig is better
So if you lose him, he is easier to find, because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages.
is easier he
he is easier
So my opinion is Guinea pigs.
Guinea pigsmy opinion
my opinion Guinea pigs
(plus they dont stink that bad)
they stink
stink they
Depends on what you want in a pet, to be honest.
Also depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc.
depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc
on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etcdepends
I've had experience with all of those pets except Degus.
had experience with all of those pets except DegusI
experience with all of those pets except Degushad I
had Iexperience with all of those pets except Degus
My favorite would have to be the rat.
have My favorite
My favorite have
They're incredibly social, highly trainable, and very clean.
They're incredibly social
're incredibly socialThey
Mine learned to "go to the bathroom" only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch.
Mine learned
learned Mine
The only downside is they should be kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat.
is The only downside
The only downside is
That means expense, space, and they require weekly cage cleaning.
That expense, spacemeans
expense, spaceThat means
means expense, spaceThat
My second favorite would have to be the Guinea Pig - not quite as social with people as rats (at least mine wasn't) but more so than most hamsters or mice.
have My second favorite
My second favorite have
Again, pairs or trios and pretty big living space.
They, too, need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit.
Theyweekly cage cleaning need
weekly cage cleaning Theyneed
weekly cage cleaning need They
I could handle my mice, but they where skittish and preferred their cage.
my micehandle I
I my micehandle
my miceI handle
I've never met a hamster that didn't bite me.
Imet a hamster that didn't bite me
a hamster that didn't bite memet I
met a hamster that didn't bite meI
Never had/handled a Degu.
hada Degu
a Deguhad
Get a guinea pig.
Get a guinea pig
a guinea pigGet
We have two.
have We two
twoWe have
have twoWe
They are social and like to be handled.
are social They
They are social
You have to have two because they don't do well alone.
You have
have You
Make certain you get two females.
Two males can fight and you definitely don't want babies!!
fight Two males
Two males fight
Guinea pigs (also called cavies) are gentle creatures and are awake during the day and sleep at night.
are gentle creatures Guinea pigs (also called cavies)
Guinea pigs (also called cavies) are gentle creatures
They will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuce.
They as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettucewhistle
They whistle as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuce
whistle as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuceThey
They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos, celery, cucumbers, carrots.
leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos, celery, cucumbers, carrotsThey love
love They leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos, celery, cucumbers, carrots
They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos, celery, cucumbers, carrots
Don't feed them broccoli, cauliflower, garlic, onions, head lettuce ....they are all too difficult for them to digest.
feed them broccoli, cauliflower, garlic, onions, head lettuce
broccoli, cauliflower, garlic, onions, head lettuce feed them
feed broccoli, cauliflower, garlic, onions, head lettuce them
Also they can't eat potatos, they are toxic for them.
potatosthey eat
eat potatosthey
potatoseat they
If you keep the cage clean they don't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them, just massage it into their coat and groom them.
they smell
smell they
Fostering 6 week old kittens and HATING IT!
6 week old kittens Fostering
Fostering 6 week old kittens
Need Advice!?
AdviceNeed
Need Advice
I wanted to volunteer and help animals, and decided to try fostering kittens.
I wanted
wanted I
This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wits end.
This is my first experience
is my first experience This
I do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but they are ruining my apartment.
want I
I want
They track poop everywhere (most disgustingly my bed....), and am constantly trying to climb up everything, including my bare legs!
most disgustingly my bedThey track poop
They poop most disgustingly my bedtrack
poop They track most disgustingly my bed
My legs and hands are just full of scratches.
My legs and hands are just full of scratches
of scratchesare just full My legs and hands
of scratchesMy legs and hands are just full
I realize they are young and that cats do climb, but this is just ridiculous.
I realize
realize I
My apartment also smells repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice.
My apartment smells
smells My apartment
Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciated.
Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience appreciated
appreciatedAny suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience
That's kind of the way it goes..lol.
's kind of the way That
That's kind of the way
Limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring.
Limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring
to one room with easy to clean flooringthem Limit
them to one room with easy to clean flooringLimit
If you have limited options, try the bathroom.
the bathroomtry
try the bathroom
Make sure there are plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned often.
Depending on the batch of kittens, I will often have as many as one per kitten.
I have Depending on the batch of kittensas many as one per kitten
as many as one per kittenhave I Depending on the batch of kittens
have I Depending on the batch of kittensas many as one per kitten
They can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy.
produce They a lot of waste
They a lot of waste produce
produce a lot of waste They
For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop.
takes For some reason them
them takes For some reason
takes them For some reason
Also if they have diarrhea, check in with your foster coordinator.
with your foster coordinatorcheck in
check in with your foster coordinator
They made need medication or deworming or something.
need medication or deworming or somethingThey
need They medication or deworming or something
They need medication or deworming or something
They are testing out their claws and teeth.
testing out They their claws and teeth
They testing out their claws and teeth
testing out their claws and teethThey
To some degree you can/should help teach them not to use their teeth and claws inappropriately.
help you To some degree
you help To some degree
To some degree you help
But in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens.
jeans and long sleeves recommend anytime you'll be interacting with the kittensin the meantime
anytime you'll be interacting with the kittensin the meantimerecommend jeans and long sleeves
anytime you'll be interacting with the kittensjeans and long sleeves recommend in the meantime
Then take care of yourself.
of yourselfcare take
care take of yourself
take of yourselfcare
Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy.
Get plenty of sleep
plenty of sleep Get
Try visiting the kittens a few times a day for short periods of time.
Try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are.
If you still don't enjoy the kittens, see what other opportunities are available.
They may need foster homes for adult cats in different situations.. sick, recovering from surgery, need a little socialization, etc.
need They foster homes for adult cats in different situations.. sick, recovering from surgery, need a little socialization, etc
They foster homes for adult cats in different situations.. sick, recovering from surgery, need a little socialization, etcneed
They need foster homes for adult cats in different situations.. sick, recovering from surgery, need a little socialization, etc
I find the adults are much easier.
find I
I find
Generally they're not clawing and biting, they don't make nearly as much mess, they don't need nearly as much litterbox scooping, etc :)
clawing they
theyclawing
Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back!
And do more research before you agree next time ;-)
do more research
more research do
Take the kittens back to the shelter.
the kittens Take
Take the kittens
Maybe do volunteer work at the humane society, walk dogs, groom the animals etc.
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada?
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada
the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canadawhat r
what r the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada?
what r the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada
the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canadawhat r
including fees and forms
It depends on if you ever registered the birth.
depends It
It depends
Some places do the registration right at the hospital....in some smaller places, you need to register your child's birth at the town hall/registrar's office.
at the hospitalSome places the registration right do
Some places at the hospitaldo the registration right
the registration right at the hospitaldo Some places
My first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities.
in Southern Ontario citiesMy first three children born
My first three children in Southern Ontario citiesborn
born My first three children in Southern Ontario cities
The birth registration was done right in hospital.
done The birth registration right in hospital
The birth registration right in hospitaldone
The birth registration done right in hospital
My last son, was born in Northern Ontario....
My last sonin Northern Ontarioborn
born in Northern OntarioMy last son
My last sonborn in Northern Ontario
I didn't know that I didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days.
know I
I know
Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate, I find out he was never registered.
I find out
find out I
I had to call the Office of the Registrar General in Thunder Bay, have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me, as they don't have an online area for it yet, fill those out, send them away, then apply for his birth certificate.
I had
had I
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time, its simple to do it over the computer.
For $56 you can even have it expedited and will get in three business days or your money back.
it For $56 have you
have For $56 you it
For $56 have it you
This is in Ontario of course, the rates may be slightly different for other provinces/territories.
This in Ontario
in Ontario This
You just need basic information, and answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at/who was the doctor....
basic informationneed You
basic informationYou need
You basic informationneed
None, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity.
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence, or just look up the record and hand you the certificate.
they chose
chose they
You can probably do it all on-line.
do You it all
it all do You
it all You do
Start here if you were born in Ontario.
If you were born elsewhere, start here.
Good luck
My parents didn't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment.
for my birth certificate send My parents
send for my birth certificate My parents
for my birth certificate My parents send
It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in the first place.
was no problem It
It was no problem
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents.
add that I
I add that
that I add
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital.
registered the birth
the birth registered
As long as that was done you can send for it at any time.
you for it at any timesend
you send for it at any time
for it send you at any time
Each provincial government has a website that lists the process for that Province so depending upon where you were born you can google it.
has Each provincial government a website that lists the process for that Province
a website that lists the process for that Province has Each provincial government
a website that lists the process for that Province Each provincial government has
Royal Caribbean or Carnival cruise?
ONLY IF YOU HAVE BEEN ON BOARD *BOTH* !!
BOARD *BOTHYOU
YOU BOARD *BOTH
i want to know which you liked better and WHY?
want i
i want
include which one had:
-better food
-more fun activities
-more teens
-AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERALL
please specify which royal or carnival ship (:
which royal or carnival ship specify
specify which royal or carnival ship
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings.
cruise lines Carnival and Royal Caribbean
Carnival and Royal Caribbean cruise lines
Some cruise aficionados refuse to sail on one or the other.
Some cruise aficionados refuse
refuse Some cruise aficionados
Are there any major differences between them?
Are any major differences between them
any major differences between themAre
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best.
For our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Seas.
on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Seassailed we For our comparison
sailed on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the SeasFor our comparison we
sailed we on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the SeasFor our comparison
Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like Jamaica, Grand Cayman, Cozumel, St. Thomas, the Bahamas and St. Martin / St. Maarten.
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand Turk.
The Liberty visited its private island Half Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand Turk
visited The Liberty its private island Half Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand Turk
its private island Half Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand Turkvisited The Liberty
The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee (the north coast of Haiti).
The Mariner of the Seas to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee (the north coast of Haiti)traveled
traveled to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee (the north coast of Haiti)The Mariner of the Seas
The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee (the north coast of Haiti)
We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and don't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines.
loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited We
loved We most of the locations that both of the ships visited
We most of the locations that both of the ships visited loved
Shows Each night there are a variety of shows.
Usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward.
you the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterwardhave
have you the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward
the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterwardyou have
We felt that the main shows on the Mariner of the Seas were better.
We felt
felt We
On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act.
liked On the Liberty the comedian and juggling actwe
the comedian and juggling actwe liked On the Liberty
liked we the comedian and juggling actOn the Liberty
If you love seeing the shows, Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians.
for the main shows Royal Caribbean was better
for the main shows was better Royal Caribbean
was better for the main shows Royal Caribbean
Dining Room We enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the Seas.
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas.
felt We
We felt
Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades.
We did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the Mariner.
have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the MarinerWe
We one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the Marinerhave
have We one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the Mariner
We had a slightly better experience on the Liberty, but feel that both crews did an excellent job and that this should not be a distinguishing factor on choosing a cruise.
on the Libertyhad We a slightly better experience
had a slightly better experience on the LibertyWe
a slightly better experience on the Libertyhad We
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have.
They both had pools for kids and adults.
pools for kids and adultshad They both
had They both pools for kids and adults
pools for kids and adultsThey both had
We liked the Liberty's pools better because one had a slide.
liked the Liberty's pools We
the Liberty's pools liked We
liked We the Liberty's pools
If you have kids, this would be something that they would definitely enjoy.
be something this
this be something
Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty and loved it.
We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas.
try the spa on the Mariner of the SeasWe
We try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas
We the spa on the Mariner of the Seastry
Usually you can't go wrong when getting a spa treatment......
go you
you go
Royal Caribbean is better, but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas.
is betterRoyal Caribbean
Royal Caribbean is better
Look on their website rssc.com
Look on their website rssc.com
on their website rssc.com Look
Royal Caribbean.
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines...
called Carnival
Carnival called
What countries are the best to travel to?
countries are the best to travel to
the best to travel tocountries are
I really want to travel when I leave school!
want I
I want
Where in the states could I go?
goI
I go
Where in Europe?
Where in Europe
in EuropeWhere
Have you every traveled before?
traveled you
you traveled
How long should I go for to each place?
(I Have 1 year before collage!)
before collageHave I 1 year
Have I 1 year before collage
Have before collage1 year I
&Also how much money would I need?
needhow much money I
how much money I need
I how much money need
So I can start saving now hehe
start I
I start
Thanks :)
I mean when I graduate & yes, college, sorry for the typo.
mean I
I mean
Leave High School?
High SchoolLeave
Leave High School
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you've never traveled before and you don't put where you would be traveling from.
In the United States?
Lots of places.
There are 50 of them, 48 located from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between.
are 50 of them,
50 of them, are
There are 2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific.
2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacificare
are 2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific
What do you like to do?
you like
like you
Big Cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia on the East Coast.
Beaches and Disney of Florida or the Mid Atlantic cities of Atlanta, Savannah, Charleston.
The federal sites of Washington, DC.
Southern charm of Nashville, Birmingham, New Orleans or Charlotte.
West Coast hot spots like Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, Los Angeles or San Diego.
Europe?
Just as numerous as the possibilities of the US.
as the possibilities of the USnumerous
numerous as the possibilities of the US
Do you speak a foreign language?
a foreign languagespeak you
you a foreign languagespeak
speak a foreign languageyou
I could spend a year in Spain alone.
spend a year I in Spain alone
in Spain alonea year I spend
spend I in Spain alonea year
From Madrid to Seville to Barcelona an Valencia.
Bilboa on the north coast, Pamplona and the very famous Guernica.
A road trip to Lisbon and the Algarve in Portugal before a mountain escape in the Pyrenees and a stop in Andorra before heading over to France and Italy and Austria and Switzerland.
I've traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget, actual time allowed, your likes and dislikes.
Ito all of these places traveled
to all of these places traveled I
traveled Ito all of these places
Amount of time could be dependent on so many things.
be dependent on so many thingsAmount of time
Amount of time be dependent on so many things
Amount of time on so many thingsbe dependent
Do you want to see all the sites or simply a few photos and on your way to the next place.
you want
want you
Does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place?
you your budget limit
your budget limit you
limit your budget you
You need a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the sites, food, local transport - you name it but life costs.
a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the sites, food, local transport You need
You a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the sites, food, local transport need
need a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the sites, food, local transport You
Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you'll be able to figure out where you can go, for how long you can go and what you can do when you're there.
be able you
yoube able
1 year before collage or college?
Good luck.
I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires.
I recommend
recommend I
You can't beat the price for what you get.
You beat the price for what you get
the price for what you getYou beat
You the price for what you getbeat
come to Africa.
to Africacome
come to Africa
Nigeria, a lovely country.
But where in nigeria?
Obudu cattle ranch.
More than a tourist centre.
than a tourist centreMore
More than a tourist centre
How do you make your cat adjust to a new house?
your cat make you
you your cat make
you make your cat
Me and my family are moving into a new house just outside a small town.
just outside a small townMe and my family into a new house moving
into a new house moving Me and my family just outside a small town
Me and my family moving just outside a small towninto a new house
We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road.
We in a house surrounded by fields a mile from the town living
We a mile from the town living in a house surrounded by fields
in a house surrounded by fields a mile from the town living We
We have had the cat for 10 years and dont want to leave it.
for 10 years We the cat had
had the cat We for 10 years
had the cat for 10 years We
How could we make it settle in a new house.
it we make
make it we
it make we
you are not just moving house - your cat is losing his territory.
house you moving
moving you house
you house moving
territory is very important to cats, and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators, or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so.
territory to catsis very important
is very important territory to cats
territory is very important to cats
you will need to give him only a small place to explore, so he can make it his territory, and feel safe there.
you need
need you
then, he can have a place to retreat to when he feels scared.
have he a place to retreat to when he feels scared
he a place to retreat to when he feels scaredhave
a place to retreat to when he feels scaredhe have
you will need to get his box and bowls, and whatever blanket and toys are his, and smell like home, and put him in a room.
you need
need you
the room you sleep in is best (seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK), but others will work just as well.
is best the room you sleep in
the room you sleep in is best
close the door, and keep him in there for a week.
close the door
the doorclose
he will feel much safer in that one room, than in a huge unknown house.
feel than in a huge unknown housein that one roomhe
than in a huge unknown housefeel he in that one room
than in a huge unknown househe in that one roomfeel
he will explore the room, mark everything with his cheek, and try to make it feel like his territory.
explore he the room
the roomhe explore
explore the roomhe
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there, and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else's territory when he is in a new house.
reassure he himself
himself he reassure
he reassure himself
in a week's time, he will have made it his, and will be getting more bored than afraid.
it made in a week's timehe
he made it in a week's time
in a week's timehe it made
let him out for half an hour, to explore.
then put him back in.
put him
him put
he will be freaked out, so going back to his territory will make him much happier.
freaked outhe
he freaked out
extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep.
each daythe time he is out extend
extend each daythe time he is out
each dayextend the time he is out
soon he will make the whole house his, but he needs that one safe place to start from.
the whole house make he
make he the whole house
he make the whole house
remember to visit with him while he is in the room, and tell him how good he is.
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time.
he might even start peeing on things in fear.
he start
start he
good luck with your new house and with his new territory!
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable.
Let her
her Let
In time though she/he will adjust. :)
she/he In time adjust
adjustIn time she/he
adjustshe/he In time
they just do it on their own.
they on their owndo it
do they on their ownit
it on their owndo they
I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors?
I a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviorsadopted
a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviorsI adopted
a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviorsadopted I
Last night, I adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd.
Last nighta 2 year old Male German ShepherdI adopted
I a 2 year old Male German ShepherdLast nightadopted
I adopted a 2 year old Male German ShepherdLast night
(He is 92 pounds) He does not listen to any commands, but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command, or even with me.
is 92 poundsHe
He is 92 pounds
I will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away.
I walk
walk I
My other MAJOR problem is that he will not get in his crate.
My other MAJOR problem is
is My other MAJOR problem
I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way, it wont work.
get I a treat
a treat get I
I get a treat
He wont even get close to the crate.
He get
get He
If I come towards him, he will run away.
run he
he run
How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate?
train him I
train I him
him train I
and to willingly go outside...and to come on command.
He wont do anything on command.
do He anything on command
He on commanddo anything
anything on commandHe do
Its very frustrating.
s very frustratingIt
Its very frustrating
I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy.
I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy
a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppyI have
a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppyhave I
I trained her myself.
I myselfher trained
her trained I myself
trained myselfher I
She is crate trained, potty trained, and can sit, lay down, stay, come, fetch, and will even stay in a down position while I throw a treat across the floor or even right next to her paw, and she wont get it until I give her the command.
Yes, lots of time and lots of patients...
I just dont know how to do it with a grown dog.
know I
I know
She tosses me around like its nothing!
...but basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right?
Is there any tricks I could use?
Is any tricks I could use
any tricks I could useIs
Maybe get a book on training.
get a book on training
a book on trainingget
You have to be in command at all times.
You have
have You
There are ways to get your new dog used to the crate or going out.
ways to get your new dog used to the crate or going outare
are ways to get your new dog used to the crate or going out
I would start with a leash.
with a leashstart I
I with a leashstart
start with a leashI
Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times.
the leash Put on the dog
Put the leash on the dog
the leash on the dog Put
Then take the leash off and do nothing else but that.
Later do it again.
do it
it do
When the dog is ok with this, then open the door and walk around the crate, leave the door open all the time.
open the door
the door open
Put something fun inside.
Put something fun
something fun Put
Let your dog go in when he wants to for no reason.
Let your dog
your dog Let
Do not shut the door.
shut the door
the doorshut
Let him walk in and out for a few days.
him Let
Let him
At some point he will feel ok with this and you can then close the door but not for long at all.
At some point he feel
feel At some point he
he feel At some point
Open the door and let him out and see how he acts.
the door Open
Open the door
If you push it, it will never work.
it work
workit
With going outside, put the leash on and just take him for a walk.
He will learn to really like this.
learn He
He learn
Potty outside will come at some point.
at some pointcome Potty outside
Potty outside at some pointcome
come Potty outside at some point
Try obedience classes.
obedience classesTry
Try obedience classes
Have patience with him, you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home.
patience with himHave
Have patience with him
where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices?
at reasonable pricesfind the best tours to the Mekong Delta I
find the best tours to the Mekong Delta I at reasonable prices
find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable pricesI
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta.
chi Minh for 4 days
for 4 days chi Minh
I have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great.
I researching
researching I
Should I just settle and book on line?
settle I
I settle
or is it better if I wait till I get there?
If I wait, would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours?
Also, any tour recommendations would be very helpful a well.
any tour recommendations be very helpful
be very helpful any tour recommendations
Thank you!
Thank you
youThank
If you want reliable and inexpensive... try Sinh Cafe/Tourist.
try Sinh Cafe/Tourist
Sinh Cafe/Touristtry
The are located right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district.
in the heart of the back packer districtThe located right at 248 De Than St.
located right at 248 De Than St. The in the heart of the back packer district
located in the heart of the back packer districtThe right at 248 De Than St.
I have taken this tour and it was great.
taken this tour I
this tour taken I
I taken this tour
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful.
did I an overnight in a home stay that was sweet
an overnight in a home stay that was sweet I did
did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet I
I don't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was.
the exact cost remember I
remember I the exact cost
remember the exact cost I
Also, Sinh Cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable.
been around for a long time Sinh Cafe
for a long time been around Sinh Cafe
been around Sinh Cafe for a long time
And no, I do not work for them. :)
for themI work
work for themI
I for themwork
I am just a satisfied customer.
am just a satisfied customerI
I am just a satisfied customer
And don't expect to party on this tour.
The south is not like the regular tourist towns.
tourist townsThe south
The south tourist towns
Very few clubs and night activities.
Oh, if you are confused.
are confusedyou
you are confused
Sinh Cafe is not a Cafe.
is not a CafeSinh Cafe
Sinh Cafe is not a Cafe
It is a tour agency and they have their own buses etc.
It tour agency
tour agency It
tele#84838389593
have fun.
have fun
funhave
There isn't much to see in the delta, it's a lifestyle not a resort area.
in the deltamuch to see is
isin the deltamuch to see
in the deltaismuch to see
If you're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho (near where we live) or Can Tho.
a bus or water taxi to My Tho (near where we live) or Can Thoyou take
you to My Tho (near where we live) or Can Thotake a bus or water taxi
a bus or water taxi take you to My Tho (near where we live) or Can Tho
From either of those cities, you can venture out and spend a day in the country.
venture you From either of those cities
you From either of those citiesventure
venture From either of those citiesyou
Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront.
Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront
tours along the My Tho waterfrontbuy Most of the tourists that I've come across
Most of the tourists that I've come across tours along the My Tho waterfrontbuy
You take a boat across the river, then spend a day biking, eating at a local restaurant, buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists.
a boat You across the rivertake
You across the rivera boat take
across the rivertake a boat You
The countryside is very beautiful, especially if you have a few months (or years) to get to know the place.
is very beautifulThe countryside
The countryside is very beautiful
PS, If you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre, stay a night at my friend Ken's hotel.
at my friend Ken's hotela night stay
at my friend Ken's hotelstay a night
a night stay at my friend Ken's hotel
It's called Kiwi Heaven and it's across the river from Cho Ben Tre.
called It
Itcalled
It's a little hard to get to by foot, they're rebuilding the bridge, but you can get someone to moto-taxi you there for a dollar or less.
He's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he's been in town for awhile.
's an ex-pat He
He's an ex-pat
He'll set up a real tour of the area for you, not some tourist fantasy.
a real tour of the area not some tourist fantasyHeset up for you
Heset up not some tourist fantasya real tour of the area for you
a real tour of the area not some tourist fantasyfor youset up He
Have a good trip where-ever you end up.
Have a good trip
a good trip Have
We went with Intrepid as a part of their North to South Vietnam Trip, but they do offer this one day separately.
went with Intrepid We as a part of their North to South Vietnam Trip
as a part of their North to South Vietnam Tripwent We with Intrepid
We as a part of their North to South Vietnam Tripwith Intrepid went
We had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies, visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm, rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout.
We a great time had
a great time had We
had We a great time
Intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different.
Intrepid is good
is good Intrepid
yoga and horses.....?
I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is.
a riding lesson on one of my boss's fino horses got today I
a riding lesson got on one of my boss's fino horses I today
on one of my boss's fino horses a riding lesson got I today
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga.
to my boss it mentioned I
I it to my boss mentioned
it mentioned I to my boss
But there are just so many poses and programs!
are just so many poses and programs
just so many poses and programsare
Any good poses or programs (I'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $20) to help specifically with leg stabilization?
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops.
a few issues supporting my back I have
have I a few issues supporting my back
I a few issues supporting my back have
Because I don't feel like spending over $20 on a freakin DVD
feel I
I feel
I also have back problems that transfer into my legs.
have back problems that transfer into my legsI
I back problems that transfer into my legshave
back problems that transfer into my legsI have
I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but helped not really for the way I use my legs and back.
Here is what I do now and it really helps....
Here is what I do now
what I do now Here is
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena.
I take 1 leg
I 1 leg take
take I 1 leg
Then the same thing with the other leg.
Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can, so they are not touching the saddle.
Then a lap doing scissors, one leg forward as far as I can and the other back, then switch legs.
I'll also trot doing, down 2 beats, up one for a wile, then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet.
Itrot
trot I
If the weight is going into your heels (it throws your leg forward) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot.
the stirrups put up against the heel of your boot
the stirrups up against the heel of your bootput
put up against the heel of your bootthe stirrups
Do a nice working trot, not a slow trot.
a nice working trot, not a slow trotDo
Do a nice working trot, not a slow trot
All this will help you use both legs evenly, keep proper contact and use your wight correctly, to keep your leg in a good position.
you help All this
All this help you
All this you help
BTW you dont want your leg locked in place, it will move WITH the horse a bit.
want your leg you
you want your leg
your leg you want
When I first started doing it I'd do it every day.
it do Ievery day
Ievery dayit do
Ievery daydo it
Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed.
do I it
I it do
do it I
Now not only is my leg better, but my back is relaxing.
what are you having problems with?
i wouldn't bother with yoga i'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem, ride bareback, with no irons, theres also a way to ride on your knees?
i with yoga bother
with yoga i bother
bother with yoga i
that help alot with your thigh muscles (bareback though)
that with your thigh muscles alot help
with your thigh muscles that help alot
alot that with your thigh muscles help
ya i really wouldn't bother with the yoga
with the yoga i bother
i bother with the yoga
bother i with the yoga
maybe a back brase will help, sometimes my back really gets to me and i've thought about getting one.
a back brase help
helpa back brase
with your leg flopping, just try putting all your weight in your heel and hangon with only your legs, holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it's forward the more it flops :/ work your calf muscles, maybe try standing on the edge of your steps (on the ball of your foot) and balance to strengthen those muscles
You don't want to spend more than $20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses?
You want
want You
I really can't help you.
I youhelp
help youI
youI help
What to feed my dog after gastroenteritis?
What my dog after gastroenteritisfeed
my dog after gastroenteritisfeed What
What feed my dog after gastroenteritis
My dog has been sick for about 3 days now.
for about 3 days been sick My dog
been sick My dog for about 3 days
My dog been sick for about 3 days
He has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit lastnight.
He diarheya having
diarheya having He
having diarheya He
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and wouldnt drink any water.
thought I
I thought
I took him to the Animal Hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal.
him I took to the Animal Hospital
to the Animal Hospital took I him
him I to the Animal Hospital took
No pancreatitis or anything abnormal.
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics.
said The vet
The vet said
So my question is..
Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis?
Is it normal for dogs
for dogs Is it normal
and will these antibiotics help?
these antibiotics help
helpthese antibiotics
I have tryed to give him water but he wont take it.. what should i do?
I tryed
tryed I
i dont want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food?
want him i
want i him
i want him
... Some help would be great.
be greatSome help
Some help be great
thank you :)
you thank
thank you
They didnt take x-rays they offered them but i just couldnt afford anymore treatment.
x-rays take They
take They x-rays
take x-rays They
I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wont be buying grocerys for the next few weeks.
feel I like shit
I like shit feel
feel like shit I
I will give them and call and see what they say.
I them give and call
them give I and call
and call give them I
Thank you for the help.
for the helpyou Thank
Thank for the helpyou
Thank you for the help
Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time.
spoke i to the vet
to the vet i spoke
spoke to the vet i
Seince he recieved the fluids lastnight he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days.
said he
he said
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info its greatly appreciated.
I went at lunch
I at lunch went
went at lunch I
To answer your questions in order:
your questions answer in order
answer in orderyour questions
in orderyour questions answer
1) It is not normal for dogs to be vomiting, much less to have blood in it.
is not normal for dogs
for dogs is not normal
However, if they have been vomiting numerous times, then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines.
He could also have Parvovirus, a GI foreign body, or any number of things.
Parvovirus, a GI foreign body, or any number of thingsHe have
have He Parvovirus, a GI foreign body, or any number of things
have Parvovirus, a GI foreign body, or any number of thingsHe
Did your vet take radiographs (x-rays)?
your vet take radiographs (x-rays)
radiographs (x-rays)your vet take
take your vet radiographs (x-rays)
2) Your vet would not prescribe them if they didn't think it would be helpful.
them Your vet prescribe
prescribe them Your vet
prescribe Your vet them
3) If he shows no interest in water, then take him back to your vet.
take him
him take
It could be due to nausea or any number of things.
He could become severly dehydrated (especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea).
become He
He become
From there you end up with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problems.
with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problemsyou From there end up
you end up From there with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problems
you From there with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problemsend up
And being dehydrated, vomiting, and having diarrhea just doesn't feel good.
4) Call your vet.
Call your vet
your vetCall
They should have discussed a bland diet with you, including the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sitting.
discussed They with youincluding the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sittinga bland diet
with youThey a bland diet discussed including the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sitting
They a bland diet discussed with youincluding the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sitting
It sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized, and put on IV fluids to help his hydration, administer the antibiotics IV, and to ensure that he starts to recover.
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about.
They have seen your pet, and are most aware of his condition.
your petseen They
They your petseen
your petThey seen
No one online will be able to assist you more than your vet can.
No one online be able
be able No one online
You need to ask your vet these questions.
need You
You need
Boiled WHITE rice and boiled chicken breast.
Bland food.
NO SPICES!
My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot, it could be a sign of obstruction.
me My vet told
me told My vet
My vet me told
Did they do any x-rays?
do they any x-rays
any x-raysthey do
they any x-raysdo
I don't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment.
I know
know I
You should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not.
your vet call You
call You your vet
You call your vet
French dating etiquette?
I would really love to hear what the French or those who had dated the French to say something about this.
I love
love I
I'm in my 20's and currently studying in France.
in my 20's I
Iin my 20's
Coming from an anglo-saxon country my version of dating is 'getting the number, asking her out, etc..'
my version of dating is
is my version of dating
However, I've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different.
on the internet read I
on the internet Iread
Iread on the internet
For them, dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties, then pairing off.
For themdating be
For thembe dating
dating be For them
In addition, from my understanding one-on-one dates is something that comes much later and not 'straight-away' like us anglo-saxons.
is something In additionfrom my understanding one-on-one dates
one-on-one dates from my understanding In additionis something
one-on-one dates is something from my understanding In addition
They are also very secretive about being in a relationship.
are also very secretive They
They are also very secretive
They only 'go out in the open' once they have reached a certain level of seriousness.
They in the opengo out
in the openThey go out
go out in the openThey
Is it true?
I have told a French girl I liked her, and she accepted.
told a French girl I
a French girl told I
I a French girl told
She is friendly when we see each other on campus.
is friendly She
She is friendly
She is also nicer when we are both alone.
She is also nicer
is also nicer She
However, when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me.
she seems
seems she
She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop!
seems She
She seems
My mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along.
My mind thinks
thinks My mind
But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary.
seemed the articles I read
the articles I read seemed
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap?
victim fallen I in a cultural trap
in a cultural trapI victim fallen
fallen victim in a cultural trapI
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios.
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate
is fairly accurate What you have read in the internet
You are not French for a start, so the "rules" or "customs" may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from different backgrounds.
for a startYou are not French
are not French You for a start
You are not French for a start
From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear.
are quite clearFrom what you say the messages given by this girl
From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear
the messages given by this girl are quite clearFrom what you say
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .
stringing you She
She you stringing
you stringing She
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend.
being friendly She in public
being friendly in public She
She in public being friendly
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment, but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you.
You said
said You
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you, which is consistent.
she At parties want
she want At parties
want she At parties
Take the messages for what they are: she has no objection in you being pals at uni, but she does not want to take matters further.
the messages Take
Take the messages
"Non!" means "non", not "I might consider it, and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case."
"non", not "I might consider it, and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in casemeans
means "non", not "I might consider it, and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case
Christiane gave you a good answer.
Christiane gave a good answeryou
gave Christiane a good answeryou
you gave a good answerChristiane
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding.
fallen in a cultural misunderstandingYou
in a cultural misunderstandingYou fallen
You fallen in a cultural misunderstanding
What I have to add is that it is normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants from you.
is What I have to add
What I have to add is
She probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level, and trying to make you understand that she doesn't want to go further.
She finds your company
your company She finds
finds She your company
If she is nicer when you are alone I'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend.
Isay
say I
You do find the 'get the number hop in bed with her' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts.
find the 'get the number hop in bed with her' You
You find the 'get the number hop in bed with her'
the 'get the number hop in bed with her' find You
Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but that's the way our own rules work.
for the girl Unfair
Unfair for the girl
Should have done research before you left.
done research
research done
Why not just take your chances and do it your way?
take your chances
your chances take
True or false: being a young New Zealander means having no future?
There are no jobs in this country.
in this countryare no jobs
are no jobs in this country
in this countryno jobs are
I'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry.
Itrying
trying I
Is there a future for our nation's youth?
Is a future for our nation's youth
a future for our nation's youthIs
@Ryan B,
I'm two years into an undergraduate degree.
into an undergraduate degreeI
Iinto an undergraduate degree
Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available.
intends Everybody I know at university
Everybody I know at university intends
Everybody seems to flee this country and move overseas, to Australia, etc.
Everybody seems
seems Everybody
There's obviously a reason for that (lack of employment, low incomes, etc.)
's a reason for that (lack of employment, low incomes, etc.)
a reason for that (lack of employment, low incomes, etc.) 's
Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22.
anything do Your answer
do anything Your answer
anything Your answer do
So, thanks.
@W.a.b.b.y,
I really like you're answer.
I you're answerlike
I like you're answer
you're answerlike I
it's very logical.
it's very logical
's very logicalit
I've also considered becoming a teacher, but it's not a job I'm cut out for.
considered I
Iconsidered
I also wish I'd applied for a scholarship.
wish I
I wish
I didn't think I'd be awarded one, but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school, so my chances were probably better than I thought they were.
I think
think I
Obviously I'm still completely stupid though.
'm still completely stupid I
I'm still completely stupid
I mean, I wasn't smart enough to apply for a scholarship.
I wasn't smart
wasn't smart I
And yes, I am being melodramatic.
I being melodramatic
being melodramaticI
Lol.
@Hatmanone,
*gasps* So I wouldn't make a good prostitute?
make a good prostituteI
a good prostitutemake I
I a good prostitutemake
Are you saying I'm bad in bed?
saying you
you saying
How would you know?
knowyou
you know
Joking.
Your answer is very sweet, but I'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students.
is very sweetYour answer
Your answer is very sweet
A little mellow dramatic?
In my opinion, far too many people are at university studying worthless degrees.
Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting, but how many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications?
are interestingthings like philosophy and fashion design
things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting
I'm studying to be a teacher, so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I'm done.
studying I
Istudying
I may have to live somewhere rural or in Auckland, but at least I can be pretty sure I'll be employable.
have I
I have
I've also got a bachelors degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession.
got Ia bachelors degree
Igot a bachelors degree
got a bachelors degree I
I also know that you don't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here.
know I
I know
And it's not all about how much you earn, cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia.
Try living in Sydney on a teacher's salary, then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago.
You also have to put up with all the annoying accents in Australia.
have You
You have
It's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan.
At the moment there's no interest, but that'll probably change.
's At the moment no interest
At the moment 's no interest
no interestAt the moment 's
And they'll probably add interest to what you've already racked up.
interest add they
theyadd interest
add interest they
And they're working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back.
theyworking
working they
At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they'll force you cough up.
for a short amount of time At the moment come you
come you for a short amount of time At the moment
come for a short amount of time you At the moment
And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest.
all that time you're overseas interestracking up you
racking up interestall that time you're overseas you
all that time you're overseas youracking up interest
I wouldn't like not having the option to return to NZ.
I like
like I
I guess I'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800f my course fees through my degree.
I guess
guess I
But I worked hard and I'm still working hard.
I worked
worked I
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap.
far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lapare
are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap
My 2c. ....
Get an education!
Get an education
an educationGet
I'm doing fine.
Idoing
doing I
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground, don't assume it's better in Oz.
People have been fleeing this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20+ years, so it's not anything new.
People for the past 20+ yearsat roughly a plane load per week this country fleeing
fleeing People at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20+ yearsthis country
for the past 20+ yearsat roughly a plane load per week People fleeing this country
It depends on what you hunger for.
depends It on what you hunger for
It on what you hunger fordepends
depends on what you hunger forIt
700f jobs aren't advertised.
700f jobs advertised
advertised700f jobs
That means making yourself known; that means networking.
means That
That means
why does my baby king snake refuse to eat?
refuse my baby king snake
my baby king snake refuse
i have a baby eastern king snake.
a baby eastern king snakehave i
i have a baby eastern king snake
have i a baby eastern king snake
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses.
EVERYTHING i can i tried
tried EVERYTHING i can i
EVERYTHING i can tried i
he has a great environment, with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp.
he has a great environment, with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp
a great environment, with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamphe has
a great environment, with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamphas he
as far as i know, everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned.
is as good everything
everything is as good
according to the vet, he is healthy and looks good.
is healthy according to the vethe
is healthy he according to the vet
he is healthy according to the vet
he has been going to the bathroom like he should.
he to the bathroom going
to the bathroom he going
going he to the bathroom
(i know that snakes that have problems going to the bathroom won't eat.)
i know
know i
he has been drinking water (i am pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl, but also i have been feeding him water and he doesn't ever give me a problem with that - i just stick his head near the water and he sucks it down.)
drinking he water
water drinking he
he water drinking
i handle him every few days.
handle every few daysi him
handle him i every few days
every few dayshandle i him
he is feisty, as most king snakes are, but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything.
is feistyhe
he is feisty
i just love him to death.
to deathi him love
love him i to death
i him love to death
i don't know why he won't eat though!
i know
know i
i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen (thawed) pinkies.
i tried
tried i
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is.
tried i
i tried
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he won't touch the pinky.
i tried
tried i
he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them.
crawls on top of them he
on top of them he crawls
he crawls on top of them
he doesn't seem to know that they are food.
he seem
seem he
i have tried "braining" both live and dead pinkies, and bloodying them up to get his attention, but he doesn't care.
tried i
i tried
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice, and in used gerbil bedding.
i tried
tried i
i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake's face.
i some long reptile feeding tweezers bought
i bought some long reptile feeding tweezers
some long reptile feeding tweezers i bought
he wont even try to bite.
try he
he try
i am very discouraged and sad and i don't know what to do.
i am very discouraged
am very discouraged i
he hasn't eaten in an entire month.
in an entire monthhe eaten
he in an entire montheaten
eaten he in an entire month
i've only tried to feed him one at a time.
itried
tried i
he's just a tiny baby, about the width of a pencil.
about the width of a pencil's just a tiny babyhe
heabout the width of a pencil's just a tiny baby
about the width of a pencilhe's just a tiny baby
do babies this small hibernate?
hibernatebabies this small
babies this small hibernate
When you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him?
himfeed you how many pinkies
how many pinkies you himfeed
himhow many pinkies feed you
If you feed him too many he could just not be hungry.
be hungryhe
he be hungry
If he doesn't seem interested in them at all I would say he's just not hungry.
say I
I say
My boyfriend has one and when she's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away.
has one My boyfriend
has My boyfriend one
one My boyfriend has
They can smell it so i'm sure he knows what it is and just don't want it.
They it smell
smell it They
it smell They
Remember snakes can go awhile without eating.
In the winter, they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation-like state called brumation, which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity.
go In the winterthey
they go In the winter
go they In the winter
King snakes sometimes stop eating, particularly during the cooler part of the year.
King snakes stop
stop King snakes
They have a natural instinct to hibernate.
have a natural instinct to hibernateThey
They have a natural instinct to hibernate
a natural instinct to hibernateThey have
If the snake is not pregnant or shedding, and its enclosure is properly equipped, a loss of appetite probably signals a beginning of hibernation.
a beginning of hibernationsignals a loss of appetite
a loss of appetite a beginning of hibernationsignals
signals a loss of appetite a beginning of hibernation
Hibernation is natural, and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred.
Hibernation is natural
is naturalHibernation
Another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding.
is sheddingAnother thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating
Another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding
You can tell when your king snake is about to shed, because its eyes will get milky looking.
You tell
tell You
Its body will be dull looking, too.
Its body be dull looking
be dull lookingIts body
In a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin.
begin the snake In a few days
In a few days the snake begin
begin In a few days the snake
For example, some snakes will routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter, feeding mainly in spring and fall.
go in both the summer and winterFor exampleoff their food some snakes
For exampleoff their food in both the summer and wintergo some snakes
in both the summer and winteroff their food some snakes For examplego
It's natural and so long as you don't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about.
's natural It
It's natural
You see, some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go off their food.
You see
seeYou
They're fit and healthy and their care is suitable.
They're fit
're fit They
hope this helped.
That's why it's good to have a python!
's why That
That's why
It's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month.
's twice my size It
It's twice my size
are my two cats fighting or playing?
fighting my two cats
my two cats fighting
how rough is too rough?
is too roughhow rough
how rough is too rough
help!?
i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten.
a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitteni have
i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten
have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitteni
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that.
the sniffing under the door thing i did the first night i brought her home
the first night i brought her home the sniffing under the door thing did i
i did the sniffing under the door thing the first night i brought her home
the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out, and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing(chasing each other up and down the hall, rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other).
the next day let out of the bedroom i her
let the next day i out of the bedroom her
the next day i her let out of the bedroom
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine.
were they roughhouse playing?
or were they actually fighting?
fightingthey
they fighting
he has been "biting" at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so im wondering if he went a little to far that one time.
at her neck and stomach he biting
he at her neck and stomach biting
at her neck and stomach bitinghe
any answers help!!!!!!
helpany answers
any answers help
you did not leave the new kitten in the room long enough.
the new kitten in the room leave you
in the room the new kitten leave you
leave you in the room the new kitten
you need to do that for a least a week, or else this type of territorial fighting will happen.
you need
need you
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared.
her help
help her
right now, your male is fighting off an intruder, and he feels that all of the house is his.
an intruderyour male fighting off
your male an intruderfighting off
fighting off an intruderyour male
put her back in the room, and keep the door closed for a week.
then let her out for ten minutes.
make it fifteen the next day, then twenty, and so on.
the next daymake it
make the next dayit
the next dayit make
this will do two things; the new kitten will rub her cheek on the furniture in her room, making it her territory.
do two things; the new kitten will rub her cheek on the furniture in her room, making it her territorythis
do this two things; the new kitten will rub her cheek on the furniture in her room, making it her territory
two things; the new kitten will rub her cheek on the furniture in her room, making it her territorythis do
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she doesn't now.
start she
she start
she knows she is invading someone else's territory, but can't help it, and has no where to go.
she knows
knows she
she will be able to sleep without being afraid.
she be able
be able she
as well, your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened.
be able your male
your male be able
when the door opens, he will get that the one room is hers, and he will be OK with that.
get he
he get
the territory thing will be solved.
the territory thing solved
solvedthe territory thing
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey.
hurting her your male
your male hurting her
her hurting your male
this is not good.
is not goodthis
this is not good
give them time to set up their territories, and once you bring the new kitten out, pay a lot of attention to the male.
give them time to set up their territories
them time to set up their territoriesgive
give time to set up their territoriesthem
you have brought someone else into his territory, and he needs to be reminded that you still love him, and support his claim to his space.
brought into his territorysomeone else you
into his territorybrought someone else you
into his territorybrought you someone else
that will help to reassure him, and he will be less aggressive with her.
help that
that help
when they play fight, they don't hiss.
they hiss
hissthey
if they hiss, they are not playing.
they playing
playingthey
if they bite, and one cries, you must separate them, and you must keep an eye on them.
you themseparate
separate you them
themyou separate
hissing is OK, unless they start to fight.
is OKhissing
hissing is OK
if that happens, separate them, and give them time apart.
separate them
themseparate
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid, and she will relax.
make her
her make
good luck!
A hiss is basically a "get the f*ck away" sound.
is basically a "get the f*ck away" soundA hiss
A hiss is basically a "get the f*ck away" sound
It means they've gone too far.
It means
means It
When they start bleeding that means they're really fighting.
means that
that means
If they're going kinda slow and like fake biting (not biting as hard as they can), and fake scratching (not hitting as hard as they can with their paws) then they're playing.
theyplaying
playingthey
I have two cats, and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial, but now they do fight and play.
have two catsI
two catshave I
I two catshave
The difference is when the cat hisses, that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away.
The difference is
is The difference
That means they are fighting.
means That
That means
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing.
that means
means that
I can see how you get confused though. :)
I see
see I
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive?
What was in the Tet offensivethe goal for North Vietnam
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive
in the Tet offensivethe goal for North Vietnam What was
When Johnson deployed troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would take a half-million troops about ten years to pacify South Vietnam.
by the military he advised
advised he by the military
by the military advised he
He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years (before the next election in 1968).
He refused
refused He
He did not give them the number of troops they requested.
give the number of troops they requestedHe them
the number of troops they requestedgive them He
them the number of troops they requestedHe give
This left Westmoreland with few options, so he adapted a Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is, in the long run, the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency.
left This with few optionsWestmoreland
This with few optionsleft Westmoreland
with few optionsleft Westmoreland This
Thing is, it worked.
Thing is
isThing
The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement), they were being challenged by the Main Force VC (which was light infantry) and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA).
having a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement)The ARVN
having The ARVN a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement)
The ARVN a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement)having
When the Americans swept in with their Search and Destroy operations the Communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the US firepower, and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take sanctuary across the borders in Laos and Cambodia.
leaned the Communists
the Communists leaned
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct, the Communists WERE being defeated.
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct
were correctAll those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam
However, Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases.
Johnson the military let
the military let Johnson
Johnson let the military
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack, but he ignored his military advisers.
warned He
He warned
The Communists agreed.
The Communists agreed
agreedThe Communists
They could not defeat the Americans.
They the Americansdefeat
defeat the AmericansThey
the Americansdefeat They
However, what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations.
was what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive
what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN, cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government, and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants.
The Communists thought
thought The Communists
THAT WAS THE PLAN.
THAT WAS THE PLAN
WAS THE PLANTHAT
What happened?
happenedWhat
What happened
The Americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas.
the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas The Americans detected
the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas detected The Americans
detected The Americans the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas
The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked.
rushed from holiday leave The ARVN
from holiday leave rushed The ARVN
from holiday leave The ARVN rushed
Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue.
every Communist assault except in the ancient capital of Huedefeated Within 24 hours
Within 24 hours defeated every Communist assault except in the ancient capital of Hue
defeated Within 24 hours except in the ancient capital of Hueevery Communist assault
The government did NOT fall.
fallThe government
The government fall
And the South Vietnamese people?
When give the ultimate choice, they rallied…
they rallied
ralliedthey
TO THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT….
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists.
for the Communistswas a huge military and political disaster Tet
was a huge military and political disaster for the CommunistsTet
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists
They were chased back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit.
They chased with the ARVN in hot pursuit
chased They with the ARVN in hot pursuit
with the ARVN in hot pursuitchased They
The people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it.
their attempt to topple the governmentThe people rejected
The people their attempt to topple the governmentrejected
rejected their attempt to topple the governmentThe people
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces.
was All he had to do for a complete victory
All he had to do for a complete victory was
But Johnson was so obtuse he didn’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter.
was so obtuse Johnson
Johnson was so obtuse
Instead he pulled the military off, stopped the bombing of North Vietnam, withdrew from the presidential race, and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam.
They screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered it.
screwed up They
They screwed up
The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding).
any of ithaving The American people
The American people any of ithaving
any of itThe American people having
In the end Nixon kept his promise for “…peace with honor….”
his promise for “…peace with honorkept Nixon In the end
In the end kept his promise for “…peace with honorNixon
In the end kept Nixon his promise for “…peace with honor
But that’s another question.
that’s another question
’s another questionthat
To emancipate the south, but it was a serious failure.
emancipate the south
the southemancipate
To make the war unpalatable to the American public.
the war make
make the war
In that, they pretty much succeeded.
In thatthey succeeded
succeededIn thatthey
succeededthey In that
Before Tet, the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of Americans in that the loss of American lives was seen as the cost of subduing the VC and NVA.
the war was unpopular to the majority of Americans Before Tet
to the majority of Americans was unpopular Before Tetthe war
Before Tetto the majority of Americans the war was unpopular
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight.
made Tet
Tet made
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap.
a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giapis
is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it.
Try google
google Try
Bearded dragon question...?
I just bought a baby one yesterday.
yesterdayI a baby one bought
bought a baby one yesterdayI
I yesterdaya baby one bought
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of him.
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of him
have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of himI
a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of himhave I
My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs?
My question is
is My question
I also was wondering how long should this light be on.
I wondering
wondering I
The lady at pet smart said 4 hours, but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours.
The lady at pet smart 4 hourssaid
said The lady at pet smart 4 hours
said 4 hoursThe lady at pet smart
He's getting used to his new home, but hasn't eatin yet.
getting He
Hegetting
I have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze- dried crickets.
have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze- dried cricketsI
I bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze- dried cricketshave
bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze- dried cricketshave I
Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
Any advice appreciated
appreciatedAny advice
Thank you for your time.
Thank you for your time
for your timeyou Thank
you Thank for your time
Let me try to break this down as simply as I can: diurnal (active during the day time) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of "light," UVA, UVB, and heat.
me Let
Let me
Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA, including heat bulbs, that's the easy one to provide for.
including heat bulbsUVAemit Any white light emitting light source
including heat bulbsemit UVAAny white light emitting light source
Any white light emitting light source emit UVAincluding heat bulbs
UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source.
by a fluorescent sourcereproduced on the other hand UVB
UVB on the other hand by a fluorescent sourcereproduced
reproduced on the other hand by a fluorescent sourceUVB
UVB will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp, unless you use a MVB (mercury vapor bulb) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both UVB and heat from one bulb.
be a separate bulb UVB
UVB be a separate bulb
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled/compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and/or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time.
recommend I
I recommend
The long tube UVB bulbs are best, like Zoomed's Repsitun model: http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ Remember to replace UVB bulbs according to the manufacturers recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce UVB even if visible light still is.
The long tube UVB bulbs like Zoomed's Repsitun model: http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ are best
are bestThe long tube UVB bulbs like Zoomed's Repsitun model: http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/
like Zoomed's Repsitun model: http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ The long tube UVB bulbs are best
So, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it produces UVA then you do not have "the sun's rays" that your bearded needs.
you the sun's rays" that your bearded needshave
have the sun's rays" that your bearded needsyou
you have the sun's rays" that your bearded needs
You need to also provide a source a UVB lighting.
You need
need You
The person at Petsmart is very wrong; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you; they don't have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info.
is very wrongThe person at Petsmart
The person at Petsmart is very wrong
UVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby, 95 F for an adult) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day.
be available for 10 - 12 hours a dayUVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby, 95 F for an adult)
UVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby, 95 F for an adult) for 10 - 12 hours a daybe available
for 10 - 12 hours a dayUVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby, 95 F for an adult) be available
Freeze dried food is not a good staple food source; you need to offer live feeder insects.
Freeze dried food food source
food sourceFreeze dried food
Bearded dragons are sight hunters, they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response, especially when they are babies.
are sight huntersBearded dragons
Bearded dragons are sight hunters
Live food is also higher in nutritional value than freeze dried.
in nutritional value Live food than freeze driedis also higher
Live food is also higher in nutritional value than freeze dried
in nutritional value is also higher Live food than freeze dried
Crickets, silk worms, phoenix worms, and various feeder roaches, like red-lobster, turkistan, and dubia, are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded.
are good example Crickets, silk worms, phoenix worms, and various feeder roaches, like red-lobster, turkistan, and dubia
Crickets, silk worms, phoenix worms, and various feeder roaches, like red-lobster, turkistan, and dubiaare good example
Wax worms and meal worms should only be offered as treat items, for variety's sake.
Wax worms and meal worms as treat itemsfor variety's sakeoffered
as treat itemsfor variety's sakeoffered Wax worms and meal worms
for variety's sakeas treat itemsWax worms and meal worms offered
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly:
recommend I
I recommend
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in..atleast as far as i'm concerned.
on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him independs it
on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him init depends
it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in
if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day.
leave a full 12-14 hoursit you
leave it a full 12-14 hoursyou
leave you it a full 12-14 hours
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven.
either way you need
you need either way
you either way need
as to what the light provides it gives UV rays..which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans.
UV rays..which is important for health in lizards as it is in humansit as to what the light provides gives
as to what the light provides gives UV rays..which is important for health in lizards as it is in humansit
gives it UV rays..which is important for health in lizards as it is in humansas to what the light provides
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates... sheesh.
is a disgrace That lady at PetSmart
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace
Yes, it gives him the "sun rays" necessary, that's what UVA is.
the "sun rays" necessarygives him it
it the "sun rays" necessaryhim gives
the "sun rays" necessaryit gives him
And it should be on 10-12 hours, just like the sun would be up for 10-12 hours in his natural environment.
10-12 hours, be on it
it be on 10-12 hours,
be on it 10-12 hours,
As for the heat, just be sure to use a thermometer.
As for the heatbe sure
be sure As for the heat
Also, Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving, so its anyone's guess whether or not he'll touch the freeze-dried crickets or the processed food.
eat food that is not movingBeardies
Beardies food that is not movingeat
Beardies eat food that is not moving
I tell all my customers they can try it, but don't count on it.
tell all my customers I
all my customers I tell
I tell all my customers
Also try green leafy veggies, like kale and spinach.
green leafy veggies, like kale and spinachtry
try green leafy veggies, like kale and spinach
Best of luck!
Best of luck
of luckBest
Is a finch or a parakeet better?
I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like, and i was wondering : which would not bite alot, and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly dont care but my family does !
I a christmas list for my parents making
for my parents I making a christmas list
a christmas list for my parents I making
Please help me!
help me
mehelp
oh and please say y one is better thx!!!!!!
Hi there,
Please choose the parakeet...
choose the parakeet
the parakeetchoose
Heres my reason.....
Heres my reason
my reasonHeres
I did the same thing that you did for christmas.
for christmasdid the same thing that you did I
did I the same thing that you did for christmas
did I for christmasthe same thing that you did
I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas.
ended up I
I ended up
At first it was all cool and all.
was all cool At first it
was all cool it At first
it At first was all cool
They were chirping and doing their every day business.
chirping They
They chirping
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them.
I got
got I
They are quite messy and you cannot hold or pet them.
They are quite messy
are quite messy They
Ive tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed.
Itried
tried I
They dont want to be held or touched.
They want
want They
I want a bird that I can hold and do tricks.
a bird that I can hold and do tricksI want
want I a bird that I can hold and do tricks
want a bird that I can hold and do tricksI
I still have them and they are doing well.
have I them
them I have
them have I
A couple of months after I got parakeets/budgies.
got parakeets/budgiesI
parakeets/budgiesI got
got I parakeets/budgies
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality.
are adorable They
They are adorable
I love them.
themI love
I love them
love I them
First of all they are very tame.
they are very tame
are very tamethey
I tamed them in 4 days.
in 4 daystamed I them
tamed them in 4 daysI
them I tamed in 4 days
They can do tricks and they arent messy.
tricks do They
do tricks They
They do tricks
The whole family loves them.
loves themThe whole family
themThe whole family loves
The whole family themloves
My parents even plays with them.
plays with themMy parents
with themplays My parents
My parents plays with them
They are a big part of our family.
They are a big part
are a big part They
I hope this helps you with your decision.
I hope
hope I
They are both about the same noise level.
They noise level
noise levelThey
When choosing a parakeet look for a young one.
look for a young one
for a young onelook
(the younger the eaiser to tame) Look for clean smooth feathers, beak, and clean vent feathers (the feathers around the butt..dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy) Look for a dark eye with no circles (the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes).
Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird.
Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird
for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the birdLook
the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older.
the stripes like hair
like hair the stripes
(think of a balding man lol) Look for clean feathers.
think of a balding man
of a balding man think
If you want a boy the cere (the nostrils piece above the beak) must be blue.
be bluethe cere (the nostrils piece above the beak)
the cere (the nostrils piece above the beak) be blue
The girl has either pink or brown.
has either pink or brownThe girl
has The girl either pink or brown
The girl either pink or brownhas
I would recommend that you get two parakeets.
recommend I
I recommend
But get either one male and one female, or two males.
get either one male and one female, or two males
either one male and one female, or two malesget
Do not get two females.
two femalesget
get two females
They sometimes dont get along (you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though, two girls tend to fight a lot.
They get
get They
I have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy.
one yellow girl and a green and yellow boyhave I
I have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy
have I one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy
They are the best!
They are the best
are the bestThey
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them.
this is a trick
is a trick this
However if you plan on getting one, then get more than one at the same time they need company.
more than one at the same time get
get more than one at the same time
at the same time more than one get
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results.
me told My mom
told My mom me
My mom told me
It took me 4 days to get the new one to be able to step on and eat out of my hand.
took me 4 days
4 days me took
me 4 days took
These are the steps I used.
These are the steps
are the steps These
Honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets.
worked with my parakeetsthey for me
with my parakeetsfor me they worked
for me worked with my parakeetsthey
Hopefully they will work for you.
for youwork they
they work for you
work for youthey
1) When you get the bird, place him or her or them in the cage.
him or her or them in the cageplace
place him or her or them in the cage
him or her or them place in the cage
Leave them in there with food and water and such for about 2 hours.
in there for about 2 hourswith food and water and such Leave them
for about 2 hourswith food and water and such them in there Leave
Leave in there for about 2 hoursthem with food and water and such
2) Then place you hand in the cage.
place you hand in the cage
in the cageplace you hand
you hand in the cageplace
I took the cage and place it next to the couch.
the cage took I
the cage I took
I took the cage
Then I sat on the couch, placed one hand in the cage, holding a millet spray.
I sat on the couch
on the couchsat I
I on the couchsat
(this way the will associate your hand with food, and birds love food lol) Then I turned on the tv and watch.
turned on I the tv
the tv turned on I
I turned on the tv
This way they will see that your hand is good and its not going to grab them or hurt them.
This way see they
see This way they
see they This way
Do this for about one hour.
for about one hourthis Do
this Do for about one hour
Do for about one hourthis
(you can take breaks if you have too) and repeat the steps after about 2 hours.
take breaks you
take you breaks
you take breaks
3) After about day 2, they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand.
start they After about day 2
After about day 2start they
they start After about day 2
(do not take away the food dish from the birds, they will associate you as the person who takes away their food)....
from the birdsthe food dish take away
take away from the birdsthe food dish
take away the food dish from the birds
Then take your finger and place it under their belly, in front of their feet and say up.
take your finger
your finger take
Push you finger to their feet gently and say up.
to their feet you finger Push
you finger to their feet Push
Push you finger to their feet
( the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you dont jump back or screem they will get used to you) They will have no choice but to go on your finger.
all over the cage they the first couple of times fly
fly they the first couple of times all over the cage
fly all over the cage they the first couple of times
When they see that you arnt harming them, the will go up on your finger when you say up.
on your finger the go up
the go up on your finger
go up on your finger the
4) If they are not going up by now you just gotta keep trying and keep trying.
gotyou
you got
Do not hit, yell, or harm them.
You have patience.
You patiencehave
patiencehave You
have patienceYou
Dont give up!
After a couple of weeks mines knows when I say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder, when I say up it means to jump up on my finger, when I say up and out it means up on my finger and out of the cage.
After a couple of weeks knows mines
After a couple of weeks mines knows
knows After a couple of weeks mines
and when I say go home it means to go in the cage.
means it
it means
Good luck!
They worked for me and I hope they worked for you!
for me They worked
They worked for me
They for me worked
They are awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
are awesomeThey
They are awesome
And thats my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch.
thats my reason
s my reason that
a parakeet is friendlier
a parakeet is friendlier
is friendlier a parakeet
Parakeet.
They are normally quiet and it is easy to take care of them.
are normally quiet They
They are normally quiet
They are also friendly.
are also friendlyThey
They are also friendly
I have a parakeet named Cookie . :P
a parakeet named Cookie have I
I a parakeet named Cookie have
I have a parakeet named Cookie
When is the best time to travel to Ireland?
the best time to travel to IrelandWhen is
When is the best time to travel to Ireland
My sister and I would like to go to Ireland.
like My sister and I
My sister and I like
I graduate in the spring, and so we'd like to go between then and winter.
in the springI graduate
graduate in the springI
graduate I in the spring
We don't want too many tourists, and since we'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November.
want too many touristsWe
We want too many tourists
want We too many tourists
We don't want it to be too cold (not sure when exactly there fall is... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months), but we don't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either.
it We want
want it We
We want it
We're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier!
in our early 20s We're both
We're both in our early 20s
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be?
me give an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would beanyone
me anyone an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would begive
give anyone me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather, it is unpredictable.
People to Ireland go on holiday for the weather
for the weatheron holiday to Ireland go People
go for the weatherPeople to Ireland on holiday
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of.
It may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in February, but winter woollies in March and even during the summer.
It be shirtsleeves in February
in FebruaryIt be shirtsleeves
in Februarybe shirtsleeves It
And then there’s the rain.
Ireland receives a lot of rain, with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year.
a lot of rainreceives Ireland
a lot of rainIreland receives
receives Ireland a lot of rain
County Kerry is the worst affected.
is County Kerry
County Kerry is
The southeast is the driest, enjoying a more continental climate.
is the driestThe southeast
The southeast is the driest
The Irish weather works on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle, which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky.
on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle, which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the skyworks The Irish weather
works The Irish weather on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle, which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky
The Irish weather works on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle, which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky
Some basic assumptions, however, can be made.
Some basic assumptionsmade
madeSome basic assumptions
In summer, from May to July, the days are reasonably warm and – most importantly – very long: at the height of summer you won’t need to turn on lights until after 10pm.
from May to Julyare reasonably warm In summerthe days
In summerthe days from May to Julyare reasonably warm
the days are reasonably warm from May to JulyIn summer
It is also peak tourist season, which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island, and prices are at their highest.
tourist seasonIt
It tourist season
Not surprisingly, most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather.
most of the yearly festivals occur during these times
during these times most of the yearly festivals occur
during these times occur most of the yearly festivals
Spring (February to April) and Autumn (August to October) make good alternatives, although the country’s ever-growing popularity as a tourist destination can often blur the lines between mid- and high-season tourism.
Spring (February to April) and Autumn (August to October) make good alternatives
good alternativesSpring (February to April) and Autumn (August to October) make
make Spring (February to April) and Autumn (August to October) good alternatives
Still, you have a better chance of some peace and quiet, and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again, it’s all part of the uncertainty principle.
you a better chance of some peace and quiethave
have you a better chance of some peace and quiet
you have a better chance of some peace and quiet
Spring festivities include the ever-popular St Patrick’s Festival.
the ever-popular St Patrick’s Festivalinclude Spring festivities
Spring festivities the ever-popular St Patrick’s Festivalinclude
include Spring festivities the ever-popular St Patrick’s Festival
Although temperatures do not often venture below freezing, winter (December to February) can be brutal, for huge parts of the country – the west and northwest in particular.
for huge parts of the country – the west and northwest in particularbe brutalwinter (December to February)
winter (December to February) for huge parts of the country – the west and northwest in particularbe brutal
be brutalfor huge parts of the country – the west and northwest in particularwinter (December to February)
Crowds are at their thinnest, but many of the country’s tourist attractions and services close down in October and don’t reopen until Easter, which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how Ireland is experienced by most of the Irish: it’s cold, grey and dark by 5pm, but there’s always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down.
at their thinnestCrowds
Crowds at their thinnest
The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you, clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up.
The thing to do is
is The thing to do
Waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella..
As that famous Scotsman Billy Connolly says "there is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes"
is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes
no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothesis
Afraid I cannot be more helpful, it is really a case of pot luck, although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa.
If you mean the Republic of Ireland (Dublin) then anytime.
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US (are you coming from the US?).
is much more mild The summer there than most of the US
than most of the US The summer there is much more mild
than most of the US is much more mild The summer there
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall.
as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere are the same Their seasons
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere
Their seasons as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere are the same
It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best bet.
It in Ireland cold
It cold in Ireland
cold It in Ireland
September for example.
Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime.
a car Rent
Rent a car
To explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a car because public transport is expensive & only goes as far as the main towns/cities, most rural places don't have a bus or train service.
you need
need you
You could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists.
You stay in a city
stay You in a city
You in a city stay
By definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way.
to the best places go By definition most tourists
to the best places By definition go most tourists
most tourists By definition go to the best places
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets/boots etc.
Best weather the past couple of years around late April
around late April Best weather the past couple of years
We only had a few sunny days this summer, barely 24C on a few occasions, more like 14C most days.
We used our BBQ on precisely 4 occasions.
used on precisely 4 occasionsWe our BBQ
on precisely 4 occasionsour BBQ used We
used our BBQ on precisely 4 occasionsWe
Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender.
mid August Autumn
Autumn mid August
The days start to shorten & it gets even wetter, windier & colder.
start The days
The days start
We had frosts in October so I wouldn't advise visiting late in the year to be honest, Spring time is your best bet.
in October frosts We had
We in October frosts had
in October We frosts had
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland?
You realise
realise You
You are going to need a few thousand dollars saved up for flights, insurance, food, accommodation & spending money.
You going
going You
Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to America I believe.
compared to America in particular is quite expensive
compared to America is quite expensive in particular
in particular is quite expensive compared to America
Golden Wonder KilliFish Breeding Help?
I have 4 Golden Wonder Killifish.
4 Golden Wonder Killifishhave I
I have 4 Golden Wonder Killifish
have I 4 Golden Wonder Killifish
1 of them is really colorful and is about 6cm long.
1 of them is really colorful
is really colorful 1 of them
2 of them are kinda whitish and are about 4-5cm long.
2 of them are kinda whitish
are kinda whitish 2 of them
The last one is colourful too but it is about 4cm long.
The last one is colourful
is colourful The last one
I feed them Flakes, and Live Earthworms uncut everyday.
feed them Flakes, and Live Earthworms uncut I
feed I Flakes, and Live Earthworms uncut them
them feed I Flakes, and Live Earthworms uncut
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies?
me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babiesyou tell
tell the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babiesme you
you the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babiestell me
Thanks in Advance.
Wow!
If they are able to take earthworms uncut, that is really impressive!
that is really impressive
is really impressivethat
I aspire to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the day.
I aspire to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the day
to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the dayaspire I
to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the dayI aspire
Worms (and Daphnia) are also rich in Lipids, substances important in forming eggs and growing young.
Worms (and Daphnia) in Lipids, substances important in forming eggs and growing youngare also rich
in Lipids, substances important in forming eggs and growing youngare also rich Worms (and Daphnia)
are also rich Worms (and Daphnia) in Lipids, substances important in forming eggs and growing young
I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males.
I think
think I
If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below.
take a look at the discussion in the first source below
a look at the discussion in the first source belowtake
If you have plants in your tank.
have plants in your tankyou
you have plants in your tank
have you plants in your tank
your lineatus are already spawning.
spawningyour lineatus
your lineatus spawning
If conditions are favorable (78-82 F) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are, they will spawn.
they spawn
spawnthey
(I've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer!
a pair of killies Ihad
had a pair of killies I
had Ia pair of killies
If you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop.
make a acrylic spawning mop
a acrylic spawning mopmake
Checkout the second source.
Checkout the second source
the second sourceCheckout
I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs ,more easily and the fish look better next to them.
prefer I darker colors
darker colors I prefer
I darker colors prefer
Use a well rinsed medicine vial, a cork, new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float them.
a well rinsed medicine vial, a cork, new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam Use
Use a well rinsed medicine vial, a cork, new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam
There are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there.
a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out thereare
are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there
If you have the room to separate the male(s) & females(s),& feed them well on live foods, (assuming that you are doing weekly 50% water changes) when you put them together they will leave a lot more eggs.
a lot more eggsthey leave
leave they a lot more eggs
they a lot more eggsleave
Just making up examples, but if a pair is constantly together, they may lay 10-15 eggs a day.
making up examples
examplesmaking up
With extra blackworms and maybe frozen (defrosted, rinsed) frozen foods earlier in the day, they may leave 30-40 eggs at a time.
at a timeWith extra blackworms and maybe frozen (defrosted, rinsed) frozen foods earlier in the daythey leave 30-40 eggs
leave With extra blackworms and maybe frozen (defrosted, rinsed) frozen foods earlier in the dayat a timethey 30-40 eggs
they at a timeleave With extra blackworms and maybe frozen (defrosted, rinsed) frozen foods earlier in the day30-40 eggs
Separated and feed extremely nourishing stuff, they may produce more.
produce they more
morethey produce
produce morethey
Separating a pair some time before a show (killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs) will encourage them to court and show their best colors.
them encourage
encourage them
They also start the day with no nicks or dings in their fins.
They the day start with no nicks or dings in their fins
start the day They with no nicks or dings in their fins
start with no nicks or dings in their finsThey the day
The water changes help with that too.
with that The water changes help
The water changes help with that
help The water changes with that
You also may need to treat the incubation water.
need You
You need
The chlorine and ammonia (choramine) are not good for the eggs.
The chlorine and ammonia (choramine) for the eggsare not good
for the eggsare not good The chlorine and ammonia (choramine)
The chlorine and ammonia (choramine) are not good for the eggs
Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe".
put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe"
in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe"put the eggs
the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe"put
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone.
sate the adult's desire for snacks
the adult's desire for snacks sate
If a pair isn't leaving eggs... check the following:
check the following
the followingcheck
1. Is a tank mate (such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails) rating the eggs?
the eggsrating a tank mate (such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails)
a tank mate (such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails) the eggsrating
a tank mate (such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails) rating the eggs
2. Have we kept up with partial water changes?
we with partial water changeskept up
kept up with partial water changeswe
kept up we with partial water changes
3. Is there too much mineral in the water?
too much mineral in the waterIs
Is too much mineral in the water
Aplo. lineatus are wide-spread over southern India.
spread over southern IndiaAplo. lineatus
Aplo. lineatus spread over southern India
over southern Indiaspread Aplo. lineatus
That indicates that they thrive in different water chemistries.
indicates That
That indicates
Still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or TDS (total Dissolved Solids) test, that may give you a hint.
you that a hintgive
a hintgive you that
a hintgive that you
Winging it a little here, a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 PPM (parts per million) or 5.8 to 10.6 DH should be fine for gardneri.
for gardneria hardness of 100 to nearly 200 PPM (parts per million) or 5.8 to 10.6 DH be fine
for gardneribe fine a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 PPM (parts per million) or 5.8 to 10.6 DH
a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 PPM (parts per million) or 5.8 to 10.6 DH be fine for gardneri
TDS meters (the thrifty aquarist's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department's annual reports.
used TDS meters (the thrifty aquarist's hardness meter
TDS meters (the thrifty aquarist's hardness meter used
They include a number of minerals there and you can figure out what percentage of that would be your hardness minerals (calcium, magnesium and iron).
They include a number of minerals
They a number of minerals include
a number of minerals They include
A number of minerals are not of much consequence.
A number of minerals of much consequence
of much consequenceA number of minerals
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride (common salt) that can break down the chorion (shell) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo.)
that the chorion (shell) around the egg break down
the chorion (shell) around the egg break down that
the chorion (shell) around the egg that break down
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe".
put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe"
the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe"put
in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe"the eggs put
If you get eggs in the mail in a medicine vial, that is fine.
is finethat
that is fine
But get the eggs out, maybe rinsed in fresh tap water and then into the incubation water.
get the eggs
the eggs get
In time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container.
In time in the shipping containerthe eggs suffocate
suffocate In time the eggs in the shipping container
in the shipping containerthe eggs suffocate In time
After a number of people began complaining about "mystery deaths"among incubating eggs, some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7-8 days of incubation, one should do a 100% water change - as the eggs develop, they do release waste material.
some of the more advanced killie people began
began some of the more advanced killie people
Another problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the eggs.
Another problem is
is Another problem
Some people put in a very dilute Acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus, so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper.
Some people a very dilute Acriflaven solution put
a very dilute Acriflaven solution Some people put
put a very dilute Acriflaven solution Some people
Other will add a drop of Methylene blue.
add a drop of Methylene blueOther
Other a drop of Methylene blueadd
add Other a drop of Methylene blue
If an egg turns blue, it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down.
it died
died it
Get those out ASAP too.
those Get
Get those
Hope there is useful grist for the mill here.
Disney cruise line with young ones?
I will be taking my 3 and 4 yr olds.
I taking my 3 and 4 yr olds
taking I my 3 and 4 yr olds
taking my 3 and 4 yr oldsI
What is the best time of year?
the best time of yearWhat is
What is the best time of year
Should I get a balcony?
a balconyget I
I a balconyget
get I a balcony
Any tips or advice to make this a great experience??
Thanks!!!
It is vacation time.
It vacation time
vacation timeIt
Many families are set to plan a best holidaying.
are set Many families
Many families are set
They look for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacation.
They look for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacation
They for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacationlook
for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacationlook They
There can be many ideas; one can see numerous options passing through their mind.
be many ideas
many ideasbe
What is the best option?
What is the best option
the best optionWhat is
Especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids, which best suit you can select?
selectwhich best suit you
you selectwhich best suit
which best suit selectyou
Disney cruises, is a simple answer to this.
is a simple answer Disney cruises
Disney cruisesis a simple answer
There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour.
many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tourare
are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour
From 1998 onwards, from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more.
Disney cruise From 1998 onwardsfrom its inception many attracted
Disney cruise many From 1998 onwardsfrom its inception attracted
Disney cruise from its inception attracted many From 1998 onwards
This is a spectacular ship, a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time.
is a spectacular shipThis
This is a spectacular ship
The ship is designed thematically, with imposing animated cartoon characters.
designed with imposing animated cartoon charactersThe ship
The ship with imposing animated cartoon charactersdesigned
with imposing animated cartoon charactersThe ship designed
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones?
feel you
you feel
No, the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages.
to people of all agesare very attractive the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise
the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages
to people of all agesthe luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive
Whatever be the age, you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day-to-day activities.
the choice of variety of activities have you
have you the choice of variety of activities
you have the choice of variety of activities
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities.
Kids fun games and video shows to the other facilitiesadded
added Kids fun games and video shows to the other facilities
Kids fun games and video shows added to the other facilities
There are two ships, Disney magic and Disney wonder.
are two ships, Disney magic and Disney wonder
two ships, Disney magic and Disney wonderare
Both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers.
Both made
made Both
Disney cruises offer 24-hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like.
24-hour room servicesoffer Disney cruises
24-hour room servicesDisney cruises offer
Disney cruises 24-hour room servicesoffer
It has got very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatly.
It got very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatly
very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatlygot It
very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatlyIt got
These are decorated uniquely and marvelously.
decorated These
These decorated
The ship offers variety of eatables, deliciously made.
The ship variety of eatables, deliciously madeoffers
variety of eatables, deliciously madeThe ship offers
variety of eatables, deliciously madeoffers The ship
Sea fishes, prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard.
in different restaurants aboardSea fishes, prawns and many nice options are there
Sea fishes, prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard
Sea fishes, prawns and many nice options in different restaurants aboardare there
There are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well.
many good options of delicious food are on the shores
on the shores are many good options of delicious food
many good options of delicious food on the shores are
There are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children.
special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the childrenare
are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children
They can spend many hours enjoying the Disney world magic.
many hours They spend
many hours spend They
They spend many hours
These theme parks have all types of facilities.
have These theme parks all types of facilities
all types of facilitieshave These theme parks
These theme parks have all types of facilities
Video shows, cartoon stories, wonderful games and many such facilities.
It is really an entertainment for the kids.
It is really an entertainment
is really an entertainment It
The amusing world of cartoons and stories will be a memorable experience for the children.
be a memorable experience The amusing world of cartoons and stories
The amusing world of cartoons and stories be a memorable experience
There are other amnesties also.
other amnesties are
are other amnesties
These include space for dances and music, bar facility, gambling facilities for the elder, spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities.
These include space for dances and music, bar facility, gambling facilities for the elder, spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities
space for dances and music, bar facility, gambling facilities for the elder, spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilitiesinclude These
These space for dances and music, bar facility, gambling facilities for the elder, spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilitiesinclude
Also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion.
in the cabins their privacy one keep
in the cabins their privacy keep one
in the cabins keep their privacy one
To relax and to rejuvenate Disney cruise are the best option.
Disney cruise are the best option
are the best optionDisney cruise
There are many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable rates.
are many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable rates
many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable ratesare
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking........
the proper route and travel plans select You
You select the proper route and travel plans
select the proper route and travel plans You
Off season is good, however, the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked.
Off season is good
is goodOff season
I would suggest a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summer.
suggest a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summerI
suggest I a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summer
I a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summersuggest
You may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays.
want You
You want
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony-- coffee in the mornings, drinks at night, standing outside when docking and leaving port-- however, it is quite a bit more expensive.
our balconyenjoyed We
enjoyed our balconyWe
We our balconyenjoyed
With young ones, I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside.
I a window or view room With young onesget
a window or view room get With young onesI
I get a window or view room With young ones
Check out the kids' space as soon as you get onboard.
Check out the kids' space
the kids' space Check out
Do NOT feel guilty about taking them there.
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there, the sooner they can have fun.
have a BLAST They
a BLAST have They
They a BLAST have
We liked getting the late dinner seating, so you have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are 'early to bed' you may want the earlier seating for dinners.
liked We
We liked
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door.
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door
some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your doorBring
All of the doors tend to look alike and having 'something' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier.
All of the doors tend
tend All of the doors
You can also leave notes for the rest of your family (husband) about where you are at any given point.
You leave notes for the rest of your family (husband)
notes You leave for the rest of your family (husband)
for the rest of your family (husband) notes You leave
Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a 'walkie-talkie' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard.
work on board Cell phones
Cell phones on board work
on board Cell phones work
Each evening you will get a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day.
a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next dayEach evening get you
you Each evening a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next dayget
Each evening get you a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we 'had' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling.
to dinner We ours took
to dinner We took ours
took to dinner We ours
Any time would be great.
Any time be great
be greatAny time
off season cruises might actually be better with preschoolers as prices might be lower in the off season.
be better with preschoolers off season cruises
be better off season cruises with preschoolers
with preschoolers be better off season cruises
My wife and I, in our 60's at the time, originally planned a 3 generation trip but some family emergencies caused everyone else to cancel.
planned My wife and I, in our 60's at the timea 3 generation trip
a 3 generation trip planned My wife and I, in our 60's at the time
a 3 generation trip My wife and I, in our 60's at the timeplanned
We had a ball.
We had a ball
had We a ball
a ballWe had
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend.
an inside cabin had We
We had an inside cabin
had We an inside cabin
There are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted.
so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping are
are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones.
The children checked in
checked in The children
The range of activities can be illustrated by describing the water activities.
The range of activities illustrated
illustrated The range of activities
There is a splash fountain (no standing water) for little ones still in diapers; Next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained; Then a family pool; Finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed.
is a splash fountain (no standing water) for little ones still in diapers
a splash fountain (no standing water) for little ones still in diapersis
You will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a Disney Cruise.
be so spoiled in your life You
in your life You be so spoiled
You be so spoiled in your life
If you stay with your dining schedule, every night is dinner and a show.
every night is dinner
is dinner every night
The real payoff is that you will have the same waiter for the entire cruise.
Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare.
Our waiter grasped the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare
the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy faregrasped Our waiter
the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fareOur waiter grasped
Since they knew our preferences, we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did.
we went with their menu suggestions
with their menu suggestions went we
went we with their menu suggestions
Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it.
had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted itthey
a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted itthey had
they a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted ithad
If you should miss a meal, you also missed a great show.
you missed a great show
you a great showmissed
missed a great showyou
but food is always available and it is consistently good.
is always available food
food is always available
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise.
think I
I think
This is about my farrier, girls.
This about my farrier
about my farrierThis
That's why I'm posting here!
That's
's That
Help?
I posted this in singles and dating too, so I've just copied and pasted.
in singles and dating I this posted
this in singles and dating I posted
in singles and dating this posted I
Well, I'll try to make this short.
try I
Itry
I have known this guy for a long time, but we've never been good friends or anything.
this guy for a long timeI known
this guy I known for a long time
for a long timeknown this guy I
He is my farrier (shoes my horses feet) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way.
is my farrier He
He is my farrier
Well, almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horses feet and was SO flirty.
came he
he came
He always hugs me when he comes, but he gave me at least 5 tight, long, back rubbing hugs while he was there.
hugs He me
me He hugs
He me hugs
We were also just talking about my horse's crappy feet and he mentioned.
We about my horse's crappy feet talking
about my horse's crappy feet We talking
about my horse's crappy feet talking We
"Well, if you ever just want to see me I'll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after."
come I
Icome
That has NEVER happened before so I was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested.
happened That
That happened
Right??
Anyway, so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horses foot(I've never heard of a farrier doing this) and telling me to call him in a few days(first it was a week, then it was a few days lol) and he'd come back out and put it in.
ended up he
he ended up
He told me to remember to call like 3 times before he left.
me He told
He told me
He me told
So, I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)
waited a week I
waited I a week
I a week waited
Anyway, so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message, but he still hasn't called back yet.
I don't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not?
I know
know I
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you, but it's different because I'm a client and technically that's all I am at this point.
I know
know I
On the other hand though, if I'm a client he should really of called back by now because you don't leave a customer hanging.
On the other hand he by now called back
he called back by now On the other hand
called back he On the other hand by now
He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM instead of his dad.
my number have He
He have my number
He my number have
It's a father and son business.
Anyway, I would appreciate ANY insight on this at all.
ANY insight on this at allI appreciate
ANY insight on this at allappreciate I
appreciate I ANY insight on this at all
Thank you for reading if you did! :)
you Thank for reading
you for reading Thank
for reading Thank you
Ok, well as far as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail out - That is not the case, they are extremely well known farriers in the area.
is not the caseThat
That is not the case
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail.
I be a lot more concerned
be a lot more concerned I
The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my horse's horrible feet.
was The reason he said he didn't put that nail in
The reason he said he didn't put that nail in was
This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because I just switched back to them.
is about the fourth time This
This is about the fourth time
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own.
is The only reason I switched away from them in the first place
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is
However, he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS(now that's what I call a crap farrier).
he my horse for TWO WEEKSleft without a shoe
for TWO WEEKSleft my horse without a shoe he
my horse for TWO WEEKSleft without a shoe he
Which, I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails.
is the same foot Which
Whichis the same foot
So, obviously I switched back to these guys.
I switched
switched I
Ok, calm down, it's not like he's some stranger that came up and groped me lol.
I've known the guy for about 10 years.
the guy for about 10 yearsIknown
for about 10 yearsthe guy Iknown
known Ifor about 10 yearsthe guy
I am 21, so yeah we were both kids when we knew each other!
I am 21
am 21I
He is a few years older than me.
And yes, I do like him.
like I him
himI like
I himlike
To answer Barry White, yes that did occur to me :) I hope that is all he's waiting for.
to me occur that
occur that to me
to me that occur
On the other hand, he could very easily just call me and say hey I'm busy right now, I'll call you when I can come out.
me call On the other handhe
me On the other handhe call
On the other handhe me call
And as far as scheduled visits go, I have no idea.
no ideahave I
have no ideaI
no ideaI have
I've never done that before though either.
Idone that
that Idone
done that I
It's always just "Okay, they're feet need to be done, better call the farrier."
's It
It's
And they usually come out within a few days.
within a few daysthey come
come they within a few days
they within a few dayscome
He will call you back Im sure!
Sounds like He really likes you..
But you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way?
need you
you need
would You like going for *coffee* with him?
You like
like You
or is he Not your type?
Or are you undecided?
If i were you I would Go...
I Go
GoI
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get?
I say
say I
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming..
think I
I think
Edit... I really dont think Your horse Is in danger Of being hurt With one Nail missing..
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to...
seen I
I seen
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horses Hoof condition and Its a added bonus he would get to see her again
belive I
I belive
When I was Younger In my early 20s My farrier was A hottie named Joby..( for those who don't Know I AM A GIRL read my Bio on my Page) dumb as a post about everything But horses..
was A hottie My farrier In my early 20s
In my early 20s was A hottie My farrier
My farrier In my early 20s was A hottie
He was In his 30s divorced and Had 2 kids.. but we both flirted Horribly with each other.. but neither one of us took the chance and Asked to other on a date. :(
In his 30s He
He In his 30s
sorta wonder what it would have been like?
But That was Years ago.
He had this Habit of telling you Everything..
He had this Habit of telling you Everything
this Habit of telling you Everythinghad He
had He this Habit of telling you Everything
Well one day he said to me You know i don't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mares Right front hoof.. and I was Like Ummmm okay???
to me he one day said
to me said he one day
said to me he one day
Im glad his butt was facing me so he couldn't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing..
m glad I
Im glad
Well 6 weeks Later when he came back out He was again working on my mares front Foot and I looked Down and Yeah he had Wholes In his pants In the wrong places I bust out Laughing and He was like what???
on my mares front Foot working He
He on my mares front Foot working
He working on my mares front Foot
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks...he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear???
I was like
was like I
that was a strange way to flirt.. but i guss it was his way...
was a strange way that
that was a strange way
But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up..
nothing of Itcame
came nothing of It
came of Itnothing
I was heartbroken.. but then realized He was not the Guy for me..
was heartbrokenI
I was heartbroken
Wow he does sound interested in you, my farrier never gives me hugs like that (probably a good thing as he has a wife and 2 kids) anyway, I find that they can be very busy so I would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a call but don’t leave a message so you don’t have to necessarily wait for him to call.
he sound
sound he
From the point of view of a business, and client/operator relationships, he's doing a really shitty job.
doing hea really shitty jobFrom the point of view of a business, and client/operator relationships
From the point of view of a business, and client/operator relationshipsa really shitty jobhedoing
doing heFrom the point of view of a business, and client/operator relationshipsa really shitty job
Leaving nails out so you'll call and have him come back out later?
Leaving nails
nails Leaving
Cute or not, I'd call a different bloke because he's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he's flirting or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first.
call a different bloke I
Ia different bloke call
call Ia different bloke
This is, after all, his business, and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work?
This is, after all, his business
is, after all, his businessThis
EPM, Anyone Dealt with it?
Might be something different?
I have the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for free.
have the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for freeI
I have the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for free
the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for freeI have
He's not lame, but he's been having issues.
He's not lame
's not lameHe
Here's what the owner has said:
Here's what the owner has said
what the owner has saidHere's
I have a 5 year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months ago.
a 5 year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months agohave I
a 5 year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months agoI have
I have a 5 year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months ago
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage, because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems.
So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels.
to the trainers him I sent the first of September
to the trainers the first of September him I sent
the first of September to the trainers I sent him
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday (I expected him to drop some).
the first of the month I got him
I got him the first of the month
him I the first of the month got
He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day.
He losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face
He on the left side of his face the cheek muscle losing
on the left side of his face losing the cheek muscle He
Had him to a dentist yesterday and there is no teeth problems.
to a dentist him yesterday Had
him to a dentist yesterday Had
Had yesterday to a dentist him
He can eat all his feed and doesn't drop any, but cannot eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it.
eat all his feed He
all his feed eat He
He all his feed eat
He is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle.
is gant looking in his flank area He
He in his flank area is gant looking
in his flank area He is gant looking
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead.
The only neurological sign that he shows is
is The only neurological sign that he shows
The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life.
I CANNOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him.
afford I
I afford
NO, I have not done an EPM test but have done an extensive blood panel and my vet did a neurological physical exam.
an EPM test I done
I done an EPM test
done an EPM test I
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs.
elected We
We elected
He is still showing no signs other than the weight loss, and some muscle atrophy.
He showing no signs other than the weight loss, and some muscle atrophy
He no signs other than the weight loss, and some muscle atrophyshowing
showing He no signs other than the weight loss, and some muscle atrophy
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws.
eats all of his grain He
He eats all of his grain
eats He all of his grain
So I might get the horse and see what I can do.
the horse I get
I get the horse
I the horse get
I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get him, have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test.
getting I with my vet
with my vet getting I
with my vet I getting
Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well.
a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran getting
getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran
My other theory would be wobblers.
be wobblersMy other theory
My other theory be wobblers
I'll be having my equine chiro/acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him....
Ihaving my equine chiro/acupuncturist out
having my equine chiro/acupuncturist out I
having Imy equine chiro/acupuncturist out
So any ideas?
Think I should do it?
Arby,
Horse is out of state and not local.
of state Horse
Horse of state
Owner is willing to meet me half way with him.
is willing Owner
Owner is willing
I will be calling my vet and chiro about him.
about himI my vet and chiro calling
I calling about himmy vet and chiro
about himmy vet and chiro I calling
Worse comes to worse, I'm out of the $$ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament.
Iof the $$
of the $$ I
He's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle.
Herideable
rideable He
This is a horse that I otherwise wouldn't be able to afford and even if I spend 2K and treatment I come out ahead of his purchase price.
This is a horse
is a horse This
I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3, that is not me to clarify.
I posted
posted I
She is the one that can't afford to do anything else for him in case he doesn't recover fully.
She is the one
is the one She
He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he can't eat regular hay.
grain eat He
He grain eat
eat grain He
I don't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain.
think I
I think
I am not going to go pick up a horse I can't afford.
I going
going I
I am willing to pull the EPM test and treat.
I am willing
am willing I
The owner is the one who is unable.
The owner is the one
is the one The owner
I will also be having my other vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers.
I having my other vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist
having my other vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist I
I my other vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist having
July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury.
July is when
is when July
He's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy, with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead (which could or couldn't be related).
Heweight loss and some muscle atrophywith the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead (which could or couldn't be related)exhibited
exhibited Heweight loss and some muscle atrophywith the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead (which could or couldn't be related)
weight loss and some muscle atrophywith the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead (which could or couldn't be related)Heexhibited
The horse is not in pain.
in painThe horse
The horse in pain
He's not starving.
starvingHe
Hestarving
He's dropping we
Hewe dropping
we dropping He
dropping Hewe
The horse is not in pain.
The horse in pain
in painThe horse
He's not starving.
Hestarving
starvingHe
He's dropping weight, but most of that came from being at the trainers and being ridden hard for 60 days.
dropping Heweight
Heweightdropping
dropping weightHe
He's not putting it back on.
it Heputting
putting Heit
Heputting it
I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down.
know I
I know
At the same time I do know people who have had horses come back successfully after EPM.
I know people who have had horses come back successfully after EPMAt the same time
know At the same time people who have had horses come back successfully after EPMI
know At the same time I people who have had horses come back successfully after EPM
I know this is going to be expensive.
know I
I know
I'm willing to give it a shot.
I'm willing
'm willing I
Gallop, I've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well.
Iread that whole site
read that whole site I
that whole site read I
Looked at studies, treatment options and such.
Looked at studies, treatment options and such
at studies, treatment options and suchLooked
I will have the EPM test done before treating.
the EPM test I have
have I the EPM test
I have the EPM test
The chiro/acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM.
be there The chiro/acupuncturist
The chiro/acupuncturist be there
If that is the case then acupuncture isn't going to hurt him.
acupuncture going
going acupuncture
It's actually one of the alternative therapies for EPM
It's actually one
's actually one It
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals (and a bunch of Yahoos) before you decide to take this horse on.
think I
I think
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I can't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse.
think I
I think
Worst case scenario you fall in love and after spending thousands of dollars you have to put the horse down.
in love fall you
fall in love you
fall you in love
Is that something you are up for?
If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up.
for it go
go for it
It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down, but some horses are worth the risk.
If you feel this guy is worth it then I hope your vet can figure things out.
hope I
I hope
As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we've had to deal with it.
being in MI weAs to EPM had
being in MI wehad As to EPM
had being in MI weAs to EPM
Pretty much every large stable has here.
has Pretty much every large stable
Pretty much every large stable has
Our first diagnosed EPM horse was back when there was no treatment in the US and only an experimental chicken feed additive in Canada.
Our first diagnosed EPM horse was
was Our first diagnosed EPM horse
We hauled the horse to Windsor and got him treated there.
to Windsor the horse We hauled
the horse hauled We to Windsor
We hauled the horse to Windsor
That horse returned to racing and we didn't notice much difference.
returned to racing That horse
to racing returned That horse
That horse returned to racing
We've had a few since then, but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida.
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers, but we haven't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years.
I have no idea
have no idea I
have I no idea
I can say all of our EPM horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like Shee gave and all returned to racing.
I say
say I
One horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for EPM.
One horse his lifetime mark got
got One horse his lifetime mark
his lifetime mark got One horse
We've always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1/2 mile.
liked Webig long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1/2 mile
big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1/2 mileliked We
Webig long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1/2 mileliked
The only difference we noticed is that the EPM horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after.
is The only difference we noticed
The only difference we noticed is
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns.
be coincidence It
It be coincidence
I don't know.
I know
knowI
MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is here.
a lot of EPM studies does MSU because of how common it is here
because of how common it is hereMSU does a lot of EPM studies
MSU does because of how common it is herea lot of EPM studies
You may want to see if you can get in touch with their EPM group and get this guy in a study.
want You
You want
I know they did lab work showing that Strongid C used daily could help prevent EPM.
know I
I know
I believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now, but it may be sometime before those results are released.
I believe
believe I
Another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile?
it West Nile
West Nileit
West Nile can cause EPM like symptoms and doesn't always include a fever.
West Nile cause EPM like symptoms
cause West Nile EPM like symptoms
cause EPM like symptoms West Nile
Let us know what you decide to do.
us Let
Let us
You hate to see talent get wasted, but honestly I don't think I could take in a horse right now these issues.
You hate
hate You
Personally I think you should just keep on walking by.
think I
I think
You should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not.
have You you chiro
you chiro have You
You you chiro have
If you have a good repoire (which I'm sure you do) with them, they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree... not really sure what you want to do with him...
be honest they
they be honest
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh, there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future.
the chance for remission and then relapse is
is the chance for remission and then relapse
So all in all, put the money up front before taking on this horse.
up front the money put
the money up front put
the money put up front
A few hundred out of pocket now will possibly save you thousands once the horse is in your name.
thousands A few hundred out of pocket now save you
A few hundred out of pocket now you thousands save
thousands you save A few hundred out of pocket now
Could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy?
had he a blow to the head
he had a blow to the head
had a blow to the head he
Or a difficult birth?
Was it always like this?
it like this
like thisit
Or has it occurred since birth.
occurred it since birth
occurred since birthit
since birthoccurred it
I also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke?
I wonder
wonder I
I think if you cannot afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect.
think I
I think
Who knows what the future might hold, and it might be expensive?
Who knows
knows Who
Extremely bad customer service
Do not go to this salon, especially if you have to get your hair straightened.
to this salongo
go to this salon
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it didn't work for my hair.
They with my hair a very bad job did
a very bad job did with my hair They
did with my hair They a very bad job
Rude, insensitive, discourteous people!!!!!
Great Doc
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor.
Dr Greenwalt my neck from a snowboard injury fixed
fixed from a snowboard injury Dr Greenwalt my neck
my neck from a snowboard injury Dr Greenwalt fixed
He didnt prescribe pain meds or other drugs, he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable.
pain meds or other drugsHe prescribe
He prescribe pain meds or other drugs
prescribe pain meds or other drugsHe
My neck is fixed!.
is fixedMy neck
My neck is fixed
He knows what hes doing.
knows He
He knows
Our Wedding 11/7/08
We just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed.
our wedding We on 11/7/08 had
We on 11/7/08 had our wedding
on 11/7/08 our wedding had We
Cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more.
Cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more
did all that we ask and 10 times moreCj and company
all that we ask and 10 times moredid Cj and company
The food was out standing.
was out standingThe food
The food was out standing
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones.
are the onesthey
they are the ones
Thanks again Saucey's.
Excellent Tattoo Shop
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier.
got I a tattoo
got a tattoo I
a tattoo got I
It came out better than I even imagined.
came It
It came
The shop was great, the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys.
The shop was great
was greatThe shop
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done.
I to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo donerecommend this shop
I recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done
this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo doneI recommend
Good and Bad
I had to take care of the ants myself.
had I
I had
But I found the location wonderful and found the neighbors very kind.
found the location I
the location I found
I found the location
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong.
a problem with the staff had
had a problem with the staff
Loved the pool and BBQ.
Loved the pool and BBQ
the pool and BBQLoved
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star.
dropped I them to a 3 starBecause of the ants
them to a 3 starI Because of the ants dropped
I them Because of the ants dropped to a 3 star
Great pet care
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs.
used Just Like Family several times I
Just Like Family several times I used
I Just Like Family used several times
Lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals.
Lynda is professional
is professional Lynda
The real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her.
The real testament is
is The real testament
I highly recommend her.
herI recommend
recommend herI
herrecommend I
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai, India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price.
I found
found I
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable.
I my tour enjoyed
my tour enjoyed I
my tour I enjoyed
Thanks for Bright Star Tours.
these guys were fantastic!
were fantasticthese guys
these guys were fantastic
they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an hour.
they in literally less than an hourfixed my garage doors
in literally less than an hourfixed my garage doors they
in literally less than an hourmy garage doors they fixed
the guy came on time and didn't take any breaks, he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly!
came on time the guy
came the guy on time
the guy on time came
i couldn't be more happier with the way my garage looks.
i with the way my garage looksbe more happier
with the way my garage looksi be more happier
be more happier with the way my garage looksi
GREAT JOB GUYS!
A+
I would rate Fran pcs an A+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great.
rate Fran pcs I
I Fran pcs rate
rate I Fran pcs
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer, i would recommend you go to him.
He the time to explain things to me about my computertook
the time to explain things to me about my computertook He
took the time to explain things to me about my computerHe
This office is awesome!
is awesomeThis office
This office is awesome
everyone here is super friendly and efficient!
everyone here is super friendly
is super friendly everyone here
its great to know you can get great service, great product, and for the best price all in one!
I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way!!
everyone i know referred I
referred everyone i know I
Ieveryone i know referred
i'll be coming back for years to come!
icoming for years to come
coming for years to comei
for years to comeicoming
Criminal Attorney Dallas
Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome.
is absolutely committed Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett
Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely committed
As a qualified criminal defense attorney, he will work every possible legal "angle" (leaving no stone unturned) of your case to achieve the most favorable result possible.
he every possible legal "angle" (leaving no stone unturned) of your case work As a qualified criminal defense attorney
every possible legal "angle" (leaving no stone unturned) of your case work As a qualified criminal defense attorneyhe
every possible legal "angle" (leaving no stone unturned) of your case he work As a qualified criminal defense attorney
Food was cold
was cold Food
Food was cold
I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it.
been here I 3 to 4 times
I 3 to 4 times been here
I been here 3 to 4 times
I like my food hot both ways not warm or cold.
my food hot both ways not warm or coldI like
like my food hot both ways not warm or coldI
my food hot both ways not warm or coldlike I
Price and taste is good.
Price and taste is good
is goodPrice and taste
I will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot.
I be happy
be happy I
FAST and reasonable$
We went to Kobeys on Saturday and had our whole teams uniforms done!
We on Saturday to Kobeys went
We to Kobeys went on Saturday
went to Kobeys We on Saturday
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch.
was less than half He
He was less than half
Down to earth and fast service.
Down to earth
to earth Down
Going back to have some lab coats done this weekend!
Going this weekend
this weekendGoing
We love Little Farmer
We love Little Farmer
We Little Farmer love
love We Little Farmer
We attend LFTD and our children LOVE it!!
LFTD attend We
LFTD We attend
We attend LFTD
They even want to go to school on the weekends!!
want They
They want
They are preparing my older son for kindergarten and looks forward to seeing his teacher and friends everyday.
my older son They for kindergarten preparing
my older son preparing They for kindergarten
for kindergarten preparing my older son They
My infant is content everyday when I drop off and pick up.
everyday My infant is content
My infant everyday is content
everyday is content My infant
PAT testing quick & efficient
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment, and supplied a certificate for only 70p per unit.
rang SRD PAT testing I
rang I SRD PAT testing
SRD PAT testing I rang
Fantastic, quick and efficient service.
How rare!
Well done.
My favorite florist!
I came to La Crosse to go to college, and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here.
I to La Crosse came
came to La Crosse I
I came to La Crosse
They were beautiful and lasted forever!
were beautiful They
They were beautiful
Now that I live here, this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers!
this is my favorite place
is my favorite place this
Hands down, best place in the area!
I <3 Max's
<3 I Max's
I Max's <3
<3 Max's I
Excellent bagels and excellent service!
I go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at Max's are great!!
about every morning I go
I about every morning go
I go about every morning
They are friendly and fast.
They are friendly
are friendly They
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings.
a problem with their hours I had
had I a problem with their hours
a problem with their hours had I
They are great!
They are great
are greatThey
prepared the road test with a driving ... prepared the road test with a driving school in edmonton, but my instructor only trained me in a narrow street, hence I took one 90 minute lesson from the Noble driving school to learn the skill of changing lane, and found them very friendly and professional.
with a driving prepared the road test
with a driving the road test prepared
the road test with a driving prepared
Great Doctor!
Dr. Faris is a great doctor!
Dr. Faris is a great doctor
is a great doctorDr. Faris
I would recommend him to anyone.
him I recommend to anyone
him recommend I to anyone
him recommend to anyoneI
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit.
I experiencing to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sitsevere back pain
experiencing I severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit
severe back pain experiencing I to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit
I went from a pain scale of 8-9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later!!
went I to 0 from a pain scale of 8-9
went from a pain scale of 8-9 to 0 I
went to 0 I from a pain scale of 8-9
happy customer
Mr. Squeege is THE BEST.
is THE BESTMr. Squeege
Mr. Squeege is THE BEST
Prompt, Clean Windows.
Affordable pricing.
Friendly responses.
How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort?
excellent described for a business of this sort
for a business of this sortdescribed excellent
described excellent for a business of this sort
They have been my only "go-to" resource since we first did business together.
You will find the same to be true for you.
You find the same
find the same You
the same find You
Fantastic Place to buy your next vehicle
We have never had a bad experience buying from Edmark.
had a bad experience buying from EdmarkWe
had We a bad experience buying from Edmark
We a bad experience buying from Edmarkhad
This is car number 3 we've purchased through them.
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs!
Scott Larson trust We
We trust Scott Larson
We Scott Larson trust
Thank you again for great customer service!
you Thank for great customer service
Thank for great customer serviceyou
you for great customer serviceThank
Range Rover Sport Window Tints
Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltd, did a very Professional job very quick, no fuss, deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home,Great arrangement Great price!!
, no fuss, deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home,Great arrangement Great price!! did Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltda very Professional job
Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltddid a very Professional job , no fuss, deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home,Great arrangement Great price!!
did a very Professional job , no fuss, deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home,Great arrangement Great price!! Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltd
Highly recommended!!
Thanks Mark.
Steve.... proud Range Rover Sport owner (with rear tints)
In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Don't get jack by big companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list Thanks
is very important In this hard economic times
In this hard economic times is very important
Great pub
Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant.
in this pub Had a meal
Had in this pub a meal
Had a meal in this pub
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area.
It has
has It
Good beer good service and what more could you want.
awful awful awful
This store is by far the worst Verizon store I've been in.
by far Verizon store This store
Verizon store by far This store
This store Verizon store by far
The salespeople are never available, the lines are always too long, and all the people want is a sale.
The salespeople are never available
are never availableThe salespeople
Incredibly rude and I will not return to it.
Is there no other Verizon to go to around Downtown/Dupont Circle1?!?!?
Is no other Verizon to go to around Downtown/Dupont Circle
Is around Downtown/Dupont Circleno other Verizon to go to
around Downtown/Dupont Circleno other Verizon to go to Is
Great graphic design work!
Fresh Design Studio helped jump-start my own business by providing affordable and effective marketing materials: logo, flyers, posters ad design, and more.
helped Fresh Design Studio
Fresh Design Studio helped
They have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time.
They unbeatable price in town have
have unbeatable price in town They
They have unbeatable price in town
I enjoy working with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to anyone.
I enjoy
enjoy I
Great Surgeon
I needed wisdom teeth taken out.
I needed
needed I
Dr. Wallen and staff was excellent.
Dr. Wallen and staff was excellent
was excellentDr. Wallen and staff
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery.
were accomdating They with my scheduled
They were accomdating with my scheduled
They with my scheduled were accomdating
Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me.
Dr. Wallen in detail the procedure explained
Dr. Wallen the procedure in detail explained
Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail
Staff explained insurance procedures and was very helpful.
insurance procedures explained Staff
Staff insurance procedures explained
explained insurance procedures Staff
Everyone was very nice.
Everyone was very nice
was very niceEveryone
The best in the area!
in the areabest
best in the area
I've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by far the best.
Itattoo shops
tattoo shops I
I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them.
am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from themI
with the tattoos that I revived from themam very pleased I
with the tattoos that I revived from themI am very pleased
The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable.
is excellent The artwork
The artwork is excellent
I would recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo.
this shop recommend to anyone looking to get a tattooI
to anyone looking to get a tattoorecommend this shop I
I this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoorecommend
Cathy ******Five Stars for Lake Forest Tots.
The program has been a postive experience for my children.
been a postive experience The program
The program been a postive experience
I have had all three of my children attend Lake Forest Tots.
had I
I had
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers, the programs and the director.
The program established
established The program
Good job, Lake Forest Tots!
Great Wine & Service
This place is so great!
is so greatThis place
This place is so great
They have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices.
a great selection of wine from all over the world They have with all different prices
with all different pricesa great selection of wine from all over the world They have
have with all different pricesThey a great selection of wine from all over the world
The employees make you feel very comfortable and are very helpful, whether you are very knowledgeable or don't know anything at all about wine.
The employees make you
make you The employees
The employees you make
Check out their wine tastings every Friday night!
Check out their wine tastings every Friday night
their wine tastings every Friday nightCheck out
A+
Excellent customer service and honest feedback.
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death!
kept my car The team at Bradley Chevron
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car
my car The team at Bradley Chevron kept
They are honest about 'immediate' concerns versus 'recommended' repairs and have very fair prices.
are honest They about 'immediate' concerns versus 'recommended' repairs
They about 'immediate' concerns versus 'recommended' repairs are honest
about 'immediate' concerns versus 'recommended' repairs are honest They
Such a convenient location as well with coffee shop and bradley food and beverage right around corner.
Needs to go out of business
They close whenever they feel like it, often well before their listed closing time.
They often well before their listed closing timeclose
often well before their listed closing timeclose They
They close often well before their listed closing time
Their store is dusty, dirty and feels like you're stepping into the 1970s.
is dusty, dirty Their store
Their store is dusty, dirty
They don't take coupons.
They take coupons
take They coupons
couponstake They
They have a credit card minimum.
have a credit card minimumThey
They a credit card minimumhave
a credit card minimumThey have
This place is the opposite of QuikTrip: crappy in every way.
is the opposite This place
This place is the opposite
Where else can you go for $10 and recieve this treatment?!
go for $10 you
for $10 you go
for $10 go you
Awesome haircut at awesome price right here in Palatine!
Who can pass up a hot towel and a straight edge neck shave!
pass up Who a hot towel and a straight edge neck shave
a hot towel and a straight edge neck shavepass up Who
pass up a hot towel and a straight edge neck shaveWho
I've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons/barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut!
2 cuts Ifrom Georgia had
2 cuts from Georgia had I
had I2 cuts from Georgia
Baffled by the one-star reviews
Baffled by the one-star reviews
by the one-star reviews Baffled
I don't get it.
I get it
get itI
itget I
This place is awesome, with a great ambiance and cool décor, and the food is scrumptious (and especially their signature banana split).
is awesomeThis place with a great ambiance and cool décor
This place is awesomewith a great ambiance and cool décor
This place with a great ambiance and cool décoris awesome
Sure, some items are a little pricey, but c'mon... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before?
I've only had good experiences at Adorn, I was greeted and offered a refreshment.
had good experiences at AdornI
Igood experiences at Adornhad
good experiences at AdornIhad
I highly recommend Debi, she does an amazing job, I "love" the way she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect.
DebiI recommend
recommend I Debi
I recommend Debi
I always leave loving my hair style.
leave I
I leave
Best Chineese food in the area
The food here is fresh and hot out of the Wok.
out of the Wokis fresh The food here
is fresh The food here out of the Wok
out of the WokThe food here is fresh
The food is cooked fast by the two chefs on duty.
cooked The food by the two chefs on duty
The food cooked by the two chefs on duty
The food by the two chefs on dutycooked
The lunch specials are more food than most people can eat for about $6.
The lunch specials are more food for about $6
are more food for about $6The lunch specials
are more food The lunch specials for about $6
It is busy every day at lunch for a reason, the service is fast and the food is great.
for a reasonIt every day at lunch is busy
every day at lunch It for a reasonis busy
is busy for a reasonevery day at lunch It
Pure Pilates!!
It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else.
is the real thing It
It is the real thing
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others.
is the attention It
It is the attention
The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients.
The teachers trained
trained The teachers
I phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end(as our building contractor carried out the electrical work), they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using PJC as our electrical maintenance contractor.
I phoned for advice on our office refurb this company
I for advice on our office refurb phoned this company
this company for advice on our office refurb I phoned
Thoroughly recommended
They really go above and beyond!
They go
go They
For example, I actually forgot to feed my cat, and they went out of their way to take care of him.
For exampleforgot I
For exampleI forgot
I For exampleforgot
Additionally, when there was confusion (my fault), they left me flowers along with a personalized gift.
me they along with a personalized giftleft flowers
they me flowers along with a personalized giftleft
me flowers along with a personalized giftleft they
They have been 100% reliable and professional.
Definitely recommend!
heating system Angels
seriously, can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without heat?
imagine you
you imagine
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i aint haves much monies fo repairs round the House....
had I
I had
Comfort zone came out and did my house heat on the cheap.
Comfort zone came
came Comfort zone
and it works!
worksit
it works
Thank you Comfort Zone
Comfort Zone you Thank
Thank Comfort Zone you
Thank you Comfort Zone
Slowest, Unfriendly Sstaff on Weekends
There are three Starbucks locations that I frequent.
are three Starbucks locations that I frequent
three Starbucks locations that I frequentare
I have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly line.
have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly lineI
I a bit of experience watching the usual assembly linehave
a bit of experience watching the usual assembly lineI have
I also understand that weekend staffs are different than daytime staffs and not necessarily Starbucks A-team or even full-time.
understand I
I understand
But this location has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER.
has this location the worst weekend staff I've seen EVER
has the worst weekend staff I've seen EVERthis location
the worst weekend staff I've seen EVERhas this location
Skip te rest - this is the best
Skip te rest
te rest Skip
Absolutely great !
Clean, updated room, friendly staff, safe location.
Staff is super friendly, treat you as a friend.
Staff is super friendly
is super friendlyStaff
Cannot ask for a better experience.
for a better experienceask
ask for a better experience
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near.
staying any and every time I come anywhere near
any and every time I come anywhere nearstaying
Overall, Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot.
is a happy camper Joe
Joe is a happy camper
PHOTOS DONE WELL
I Love Hellada Gallery!
Hellada GalleryLove I
I Love Hellada Gallery
I Hellada GalleryLove
Marek Dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business - If you are into old fashion (Not Digital) quality photography this is best place in Long Beach as I think not many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore I know Marek personaly and I will always recommend him
in his business Marek Dzida the owner and photographer whole heart puts
in his business puts whole heart Marek Dzida the owner and photographer
puts in his business whole heart Marek Dzida the owner and photographer
BAD COFFEE, DONT BOTHER!
Can't you make a decent cup of coffee?
make a decent cup of coffeeyou
you make a decent cup of coffee
a decent cup of coffeemake you
You charge SO MUCH, yet you use the same grounds over and over again.
You charge SO MUCH
charge You SO MUCH
SO MUCHYou charge
The coffee taste BURNT and very bitter.
taste The coffee
The coffee taste
No amount of sugar and milk can mask it.
mask No amount of sugar and milk it
mask itNo amount of sugar and milk
No amount of sugar and milk itmask
CHANGE THE PROCESS, PPL!
THE PROCESSCHANGE PPL
CHANGE PPLTHE PROCESS
PPLCHANGE THE PROCESS
Westfield and Rt 1 do it well, WHY CANT U????
Westfield and Rt 1 it do
do it Westfield and Rt 1
it Westfield and Rt 1 do
Home made product
I sometimes go into this store just for something to do on a sunday afternoon.
just for something to do on a sunday afternoongo I into this store
I into this store go just for something to do on a sunday afternoon
into this store I just for something to do on a sunday afternoongo
I love the people, the product and the service!
the people, the product and the servicelove I
love the people, the product and the serviceI
the people, the product and the serviceI love
Nothing compares to a home made product that really stands the test of time. -
to a home made product that really stands the test of timecompares Nothing
Nothing compares to a home made product that really stands the test of time
compares to a home made product that really stands the test of timeNothing
The Brick, Ikea, and Leon's have their place.
have their placeThe Brick, Ikea, and Leon's
their placehave The Brick, Ikea, and Leon's
their placeThe Brick, Ikea, and Leon's have
But furniture like this will truly be around forever.
be furniture like this
furniture like this be
The internet here is terrible.
The internet here is terrible
is terribleThe internet here
Like the previous poster said, the com lines are split between the entire building.
between the entire buildingthe com lines split
split between the entire buildingthe com lines
between the entire buildingsplit the com lines
That's 3x worse than Qwest DSL's lowest speed offering!
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice, but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap.
makes The outward appearance
The outward appearance makes
Moving out as soon as our lease is up.
Awesome!!!!
Yes my G1 screen is back working.
workingmy G1 screen
my G1 screen working
They was about to Charge me $129...
They was about
was about They
But i paid $100.
i $100paid
paid $100i
i paid $100
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile...
me they save
save they me
they save me
Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i didn't want to go thru that...
want Tmobile
Tmobile want
3 Days For get that...
Great service.
I would recommend them to anyone..
them I recommend to anyone
to anyonethem recommend I
to anyonethem I recommend
Great out night!
You can't go wrong with Tuesday prices, even if you get quite the mixed bag of comedians!
go with Tuesday pricesYou
You go with Tuesday prices
You with Tuesday pricesgo
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu, although popcorn is a nice touch!
(other items: chicken fingers, wings, asian pizza, and yam and regular fries)
Their food and sweets are awesome.
Their food and sweets are awesome
are awesomeTheir food and sweets
But service is very poor.
is very poorservice
service is very poor
Attitude of staff very bad.
Never gives a receipt.
a receiptgives
gives a receipt
Sometimes even gives wrong dish.
gives wrong dish
wrong dishgives
So confused at the payment area.
at the payment areaconfused
confused at the payment area
Line up is so stupid.
Line up is so stupid
is so stupidLine up
Even if you line up.
you line up
line upyou
To make a order you may have to go to back of line.
you have
have you
And then wait again.
Not organised.
Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and ive been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !
fixed my hair Hair By Nivine in eastgardens
fixed Hair By Nivine in eastgardens my hair
my hair fixed Hair By Nivine in eastgardens
and there prices are really good!
there prices are really good
are really goodthere prices
Best food in northeast
Theres a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon.
s a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon
a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigons
Food here is absolutely superb.
is absolutely superbFood here
Food here is absolutely superb
Everything is delicous and cooked perfectly.
Everything delicous
delicous Everything
The waiting staff is beyond impeccable (they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom).
beyond impeccable The waiting staff
The waiting staff beyond impeccable
If you want great food then L'espalier is the place to go.
is the place L'espalier
L'espalier is the place
I didn't end up buying my car here, but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me.
end up I
I end up
Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance tasks for free, even if you didn't buy your car there!
your tires fill they for freewith air
fill your tires for freethey with air
for freethey with air your tires fill
The Best Deals in Town
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY, make sure you stop by Jack-s first.
Their selection is random, so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store.
Their selection is random
is randomTheir selection
I love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances.
it for discounted beauty items and household applianceslove I
it I for discounted beauty items and household applianceslove
love for discounted beauty items and household appliancesI it
Trust me, you go there once and you-ll always go back!
meTrust
Trust me
First Time Ballerina
My daughter is starting ballet this year for the first time.
this year ballet starting My daughter for the first time
for the first timestarting ballet My daughter this year
My daughter starting this year for the first timeballet
I'ma soccer mom so I wasn't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear.
soccer mom I
Isoccer mom
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina.
The staff was very helpful
was very helpful The staff
The service at Instep was great!!
The service at Instep was great
was greatThe service at Instep
I would recommend them to anyone!
I recommend them to anyone
I recommend to anyonethem
I to anyonethem recommend
Outstanding service & quality at a very affordable price!
This place is top notch and highly affordable!
This place top notch
top notch This place
I would recommend it hands down and am a loyal customer.
hands down I it recommend
recommend hands down it I
I recommend hands down it
I've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased!
Isent a number of friends
sent Ia number of friends
a number of friends Isent
Thanks for doing such great work on my important pieces of clothing that always look great!
Tried Crust on Broad on 3 occasions.
Tried on 3 occasionsCrust on Broad
on 3 occasionsTried Crust on Broad
Crust on Broad on 3 occasionsTried
Twice for dinner and once for lunch Absolutely rude service every time!
for dinner Twice
Twice for dinner
The staff will not even answer the phone for take out.
The staff the phone for take outanswer
answer the phone for take outThe staff
the phone for take outanswer The staff
Tonight, I called several times with no answer (Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm) and finally drove there to place my order in person.
several times called (Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm) TonightI with no answer
Tonightwith no answer several times I called (Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm)
Tonightwith no answer I called (Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm) several times
There was not a customer to be found.
a customer to be foundwas
was a customer to be found
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained.
a new home purchased we
purchased a new home we
purchased we a new home
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires.
decided we Since then
decided Since then we
Since then we decided
Great help!
We just got our sunroom built by Patio World and can say that I'm extremely happy with the whole thing.
got our sunroom We
We got our sunroom
got We our sunroom
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote, to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself.
I have nothing bad to say.
have I nothing bad to say
nothing bad to sayhave I
I nothing bad to sayhave
Very glad that we went with them.
No Customer Service
Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other, while myself and other customers were completely ignored.
Employees seemed
seemed Employees
Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales persons attention.
stood with an item Another person in the store
stood Another person in the store with an item
with an item Another person in the store stood
It wasn't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you.
do NOT bring your car here
bring your car
your car bring
I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station.
for this stationfrom Pennysaver I a coupon got
for this stationI got a coupon from Pennysaver
a coupon for this stationI got from Pennysaver
Yes, they accepted it.
accepted they it
they itaccepted
accepted itthey
However, during the test, they did whatever they can to get my test failed.
whatever they can to get my test failedduring the testdid they
did they during the testwhatever they can to get my test failed
did whatever they can to get my test failedduring the testthey
Then, they sold me overpriced stuffs, such as oil tank cap, so that my car can pass it right away.
overpriced stuffs, such as oil tank capsold me they
me they overpriced stuffs, such as oil tank capsold
sold me overpriced stuffs, such as oil tank capthey
I ended up paying much more.
ended up I
I ended up
Are you kidding me?
you kidding me
kidding meyou
meyou kidding
I don't get it.
I get it
itget I
get itI
Spongy and sweet bread (microwaved?), heartless salsa, tiny dogs...
You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt.
You order at the counter
order at the counter You
order You at the counter
The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude.
The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude
is rudeThe dude who grills the retarded dogs
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer, I am outta here...
outta heream I
am outta hereI
I outta heream
I called on a Friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache.
called on a Friday I at 12:30
at 12:30 I called on a Friday
I on a Friday at 12:30 called
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday.
told Dr. Obina me
Dr. Obina me told
Dr. Obina told me
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc.
I for 9 years been a patient
I been a patient for 9 years
been a patient for 9 years I
There are plenty of good dentists in Fernandina.
plenty of good dentists are in Fernandina
are in Fernandinaplenty of good dentists
in Fernandinaplenty of good dentists are
Don't go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry.
go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry
to Amelia Gentle Dentistrygo
Good location
For a hotel like this you would expect some form of free internet.
you some form of free internetexpect For a hotel like this
you expect For a hotel like this some form of free internet
For a hotel like this some form of free internetexpect you
What you get is a $13/day charge to access the internet through a slow 512/512kb/s that you can only use to check email etc (Read: No downloading).
Other than that the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great
is the hotel in a good location
the hotel is in a good location
in a good location is the hotel
Make You Feel Like a Number
Make You
You Make
Stay away from Kids First West Chester.
You NEVER get a human on the phone.
You a human get on the phone
You on the phonea human get
on the phonea human You get
It's impossible to get an appointment.
If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule... for 6 weeks later.
make they you
you they make
make you they
And worst of all your child feels like a number not a patient.
your child feels like a number not a patient
your child like a number not a patientfeels
like a number not a patientfeels your child
Go somewhere else.
Rcommended by bees, too!
by beesRcommended
Rcommended by bees
Highly recommended.
Joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt, friendly and informative service.
removed a wasp nest for our condominium building Joe
a wasp nest for our condominium building Joe removed
removed for our condominium building a wasp nest Joe
No spraying of pesticides!
Very professional.
Reasonable rate.
We highly recommend Joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condos.
recommend to individual home owners and condosJoe and his wasp removal service We
Joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condosWe recommend
Joe and his wasp removal service We to individual home owners and condosrecommend
He knows his bees!
his beesHe knows
his beesknows He
knows his beesHe
Suzanne, Vancouver
Very Accomodating
We were in Springfield, IL for a family funeral from Kansas City.
We for a family funeral in Springfieldfrom Kansas City
for a family funeral in SpringfieldWe from Kansas City
in Springfieldfor a family funeral We from Kansas City
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in.
We arrived
arrived We
The rooms were very clean, including the microwave and refrigerator.
The rooms were very cleanincluding the microwave and refrigerator
including the microwave and refrigeratorwere very cleanThe rooms
including the microwave and refrigeratorThe rooms were very clean
This is a nice place, and I know we will return to meet my sister-in-law from Chicago!!
is a nice placeThis
This is a nice place
GREAT SERVICE AND PEOPLE!!
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great!!!
Deb Watson contact person
contact person Deb Watson
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question.
continues She
She continues
Since I'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed.
stayed Deb
Deb stayed
This was after I brought the car!!!!!
was This
This was
Service does not get any better!!!!
betterService
Service better
Hidden Gem in Alpharetta
This French born, French trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh, locally sourced, fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations.
Try their weekend "tastings" which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list.
their weekend "tastings" which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email listTry
Try their weekend "tastings" which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list
It's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta.
It's the best meal
's the best meal It
Le petit is the best place to get your nails done!
is the best place Le petit
Le petit is the best place
It is very clean, staff is friendly, and I have never waited!
is very cleanIt
It is very clean
I go every other week for the shallac/gel manicure which is only $25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks!
for the shallac/gel manicure which is only $25 go every other week I
I go every other week for the shallac/gel manicure which is only $25
for the shallac/gel manicure which is only $25 every other week I go
I love it.
love I it
itI love
I itlove
Pedicures are also great.
are also greatPedicures
Pedicures are also great
Try this place out!
I promise you will not be disappointed!
promise I
I promise
Amazing Pictures at an Amazing Price
Rendy is totally amazing.
Rendy is totally amazing
is totally amazingRendy
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable.
at an amazing price amazing pictures She me gave
me She gave at an amazing price amazing pictures
amazing pictures me gave at an amazing price She
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures, not only of me, but of my family and friends.
was way easy She
She was way easy
She is amazing.
She is amazing
is amazingShe
I would recommend her to anyone!
recommend I to anyoneher
recommend her to anyoneI
I recommend her to anyone
So very delicious!
Excellent!
November 7, 2010 First time eating at Caffe Bella Italia and it was a wonderful experience.
From the delectable Antipasto Misto to the Spaghetti alla Barese and the Parmigiana and ending with gelato, all was mouth watering.
Too bad they were out of the Chocolate Lava Cake.
Maybe next time they will have it.
next time have itthey
they have itnext time
they have next time it
Service was excellent!
Service was excellent
was excellentService
Beware of Sharayu
Beware of Sharayu
of Sharayu Beware
Hopless service, at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised.
Apart from that in spite of my repeated attempts I could not get in touch with the manager to even lodge an official complaint.
with the manager I get in touch in spite of my repeated attempts
with the manager in touch in spite of my repeated attempts I get
get in touch in spite of my repeated attempts with the manager I
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you dont!!!
My advise to all is
is My advise to all
Course has come a long way!!
Course a long waycome
a long wayCourse come
Course come a long way
HCC's new nine was a little shaky at first, but the NEW grounds superintendant has done wonders for the course!!
was a little shaky HCC's new nine
HCC's new nine was a little shaky
The comment below definitely needs to be retracted!
needs The comment below
The comment below needs
Come back and give HCC a second chance at least!
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive!!
is a great course It
It is a great course
Excellent Physiotherapists!
Kusal Goonewardena and his team of Physios are unbelievable!
are unbelievableKusal Goonewardena and his team of Physios
Kusal Goonewardena and his team of Physios are unbelievable
I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists, physios, osteos and chiros with no help.
for over 12 years I from back pain suffering
from back pain I suffering for over 12 years
I suffering from back pain for over 12 years
It took the Vigor team only 4 visits to get me feeling normal!
It took only 4 visits the Vigor team
the Vigor team It only 4 visits took
It the Vigor team only 4 visits took
And now 2 months after my last appointment I am better than ever.
I am better than ever2 months after my last appointment
than everam better 2 months after my last appointment I
am better I 2 months after my last appointment than ever
Thanks guys!
They must have read these reviews and improved!
these reviews read They
these reviews They read
read these reviews They
My husband and I happened in on a whim.
My husband and I on a whimhappened
My husband and I happened on a whim
happened on a whimMy husband and I
We sat in the front dining area, it was very cozy and pleasant.
sat We in the front dining area
sat in the front dining areaWe
We sat in the front dining area
Our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic.
was quite attentive Our server
Our server was quite attentive
My husband has been a professional chef, so he is a good judge of quality food.
been a professional chefMy husband
My husband been a professional chef
This was a flavorful, enjoyable meal for both of us.
This was a flavorful, enjoyable meal
was a flavorful, enjoyable meal This
Rude Rude Rude
went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog then took him back to get evened up what a mistake!
she didnt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it!
me let she
she me let
let me she
i wont go back!
go i
i go
she needs to develop a personality !
she needs
needs she
brought dog home and its all choppy now!
dog brought home
brought home dog
dog home brought
It's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting.
If you watch a lot of fights (youtube) and research some of the history (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullfighting) you will find yourself enjoying it a lot more!
find yourself enjoying it a lot moreyou
you yourself enjoying it a lot morefind
yourself enjoying it a lot moreyou find
Also after seeing a handful of bullfights, I can say that they're a lot more enjoyable if you're smashed (BAC>= .15).
I say
say I
All I can say is that I am glad I went in!
is All I can say
All I can say is
The nurses are sweet as pie and the doctor is wonderful.
The nurses are sweet as pie
as pie are sweet The nurses
as pie The nurses are sweet
This place is about healing, not making a buck.
This place about healing
about healingThis place
The followup visit is FREE!!
is FREEThe followup visit
The followup visit is FREE
After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I won't be back here!!
is no way I won't be back here
no way I won't be back hereis
I will be back and telling EVERYONE about this clinic.
be back I
I be back
THANK YOU!!
YOUTHANK
THANK YOU
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price.
I the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower pricelike
like I the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price
I like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted (a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty.
It was a no brainer really.
no brainer It
It no brainer
I choose Console Pros and I'm happy I did.
Console Pros choose I
Console Pros I choose
I Console Pros choose
This place is bad.
is badThis place
This place is bad
It's dark, dingy & dirty.
's darkIt
It's dark
The salads are limp and the rest of the food isn't any better (ok, the nachos are not too bad!)
The salads are limp
are limp The salads
This place may have been something sometime; but it way past it "sell by date".
This place been something
been something This place
I have eaten here twice in the past year and will not go back and cannot recommend it.
I eaten in the past year
eaten in the past year I
I in the past year eaten
Top range of bike, cheap prices, excellent a+++
yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day.
they fixeded in 1 daymy thumpstar
in 1 dayfixeded they my thumpstar
fixeded my thumpstar in 1 daythey
it wasent going an had a gear box problem....
it going
going it
i coldn't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $150...
i find anywere else local to fix it
anywere else local to fix it i find
find i anywere else local to fix it
thanks guys goes really well and thaks 4 the cheap price..
excellent, top guys a+++++ reccommend to anyone!!!!!!!!!!
Hams on Friendly ... RIP
This is the original Ham's restaurant, expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more.
This is the original Ham's restaurant
is the original Ham's restaurantThis
Victim of hard times and I suspect failing corporate management.
According to news accounts, the company is struggling.
the company According to news accountsstruggling
the company strugglingAccording to news accounts
strugglingthe company According to news accounts
I have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago.
I many fond memories of my college evenings there long agohave
many fond memories of my college evenings there long agoI have
many fond memories of my college evenings there long agohave I
So long Hams ... you will be missed.
We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window.
We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window
with the services of First Glass WindowWe are very pleased
with the services of First Glass Windoware very pleased We
Our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them.
Our window panes were so dirty
were so dirty Our window panes
We called few companies before we decide to hire them.
few companies called We
few companies We called
called We few companies
They came on time and completed their work quickly.
on time came They
They came on time
on time They came
We were very happy how clean looked our windows.
were very happy We
We were very happy
If you have some problems with your windows, you should call them.
call themyou
themyou call
call you them
Great help even near closing time!
I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers!
I for a week in to town came
for a week in to town came I
I came in to town for a week
Oh no!!
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful.
came I 30 min before close
30 min before close came I
I came 30 min before close
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes.
spent with me They a lot of time
with me a lot of time They spent
spent a lot of time They with me
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year!
think I
I think
Thanks Run on!
This is a perfect place to get your hair done.
This is a perfect place
is a perfect place This
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut.
time and time again I gone
gone time and time again I
I gone time and time again
When I get my hair done there, they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair.
enough hairstyling products they use
use they enough hairstyling products
they use enough hairstyling products
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy, but the wait is worthwhile.
The service is great
is great The service
Highly Recommend
I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed.
I with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years worked
for years with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker I worked
worked for years with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker I
No matter what state I am in when I arrive, I always leave feeling better.
No matter what state I am in when I arriveleave I
No matter what state I am in when I arriveI leave
leave No matter what state I am in when I arriveI
She has not only helped me through some challenging computer-work and sports related injuries, she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond.
me She through some challenging computer-work and sports related injurieshelped
me through some challenging computer-work and sports related injuriesShe helped
She me helped through some challenging computer-work and sports related injuries
I highly recommend her.
recommend herI
I recommend her
herI recommend
Best Store In Boothbay Harbor
What a fantastic store, I love this place.
Not the same old stuff that all the other stores have.
Their items are very unique, great quality, great prices.
Their items are very unique
are very uniqueTheir items
They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter.
the best tea I ever hadhave not at all like the junk you get at the grocery storesThey
They have the best tea I ever hadnot at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores
the best tea I ever hadThey have not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores
The BEST
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters.
Dr. Aster and her team been a strong advocate
been a strong advocate Dr. Aster and her team
Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children, but also positive and to the point with the parents.
with the childrenis very kind Dr. Aster
is very kind Dr. Aster with the children
Dr. Aster with the childrenis very kind
She is and excellent doctor to have on one's team.
is and excellent doctor She
She is and excellent doctor
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST!
make the trip I
I make the trip
make I the trip
My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved.
avoided My wife and I
My wife and I avoided
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable.
I Matt from Bonafide called
Matt from Bonafide called I
I called Matt from Bonafide
He was prompt, knowledgable, friendly, clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business.
I will reccommend his services however/whenever possible!
reccommend his services I
his services reccommend I
I reccommend his services
Real pros
I've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers.
Ihad writer friends
writer friends Ihad
writer friends had I
I tell them: why not just go with these guys?
themI tell
I tell them
tell themI
Richard Joule and the gang are pros from start to finish.
Richard Joule and the gang from start are pros to finish
are pros Richard Joule and the gang to finishfrom start
Richard Joule and the gang from start to finishare pros
They set out to exceed your expectations.
They set out
set out They
Already I'm considering future projects, and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing.
Ifuture projectsconsidering
future projectsIconsidering
Iconsidering future projects
I have been here 3 times and all 3 times it has been bad!
been here I 3 times
I been here 3 times
been here 3 times I
They have messed up my order and.... The food was just not good!
messed up my order They
They messed up my order
messed up They my order
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good... :(
in many other palces sonic I had
in many other palces I had sonic
had I sonic in many other palces
I hope they get there act together...
hope I
I hope
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see??
I going
going I
I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS.
called them for an estimate I
them for an estimate called I
I called for an estimate them
THEY ARE VERY RUDE AND NASTY.
ARE VERY RUDE THEY
THEY ARE VERY RUDE
PLEASE DON'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DON'T WANT TO: CRY, HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE.
USE THIS MOVING COMPANY
THIS MOVING COMPANY USE
THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE, I GUARANTEE IT.
YOU THEY A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE GIVE
THEY YOU GIVE A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE
YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE GIVE THEY
You've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home.
did a fabulous job
a fabulous job did
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks!
hiring I them
hiring them I
I them hiring
Satisfactory for sure with the sercvice!
Satisfactory with the sercvicefor sure
with the sercvicefor sure Satisfactory
for sure with the sercviceSatisfactory
Beats having one "cleaning lady" who took twice as long and did not do a very through job like the "maids" did!
This place has the best baby and childrens clothes.
the best baby and childrens clothesThis place has
This place has the best baby and childrens clothes
has the best baby and childrens clothesThis place
Especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just cant find in a lot of stores.
It is all very unique and you wont find any other baby wearing the same stuff.
It is all very unique
is all very unique It
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess.
spent I quite a bit
quite a bit spent I
quite a bit I spent
Afterall she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it.
be a baby she for so long
be a baby for so long she
she be a baby for so long
Antique Lighting, Fixtures, Chicago
Great place for Antique Lighting!
I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW!!
I their huge Chicago lighting showroom visited
their huge Chicago lighting showroom visited I
their huge Chicago lighting showroom I visited
Lots of collections, many antique light fixtures, Chandeliers, custom lighting etc.
I think they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago.
think I
I think
Antiques, Vintage, Contemporary & Modern Chandeliers.
I would recommend them for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago
Chicago I them recommend for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration
I them Chicago recommend for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration
them recommend Chicago I for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration
Great Food Awesome food Awesome service
I wanted to try someplace new again.
I wanted
wanted I
This place rocked.
rockedThis place
This place rocked
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good..
my wife Deb Brought with me
with me Brought my wife Deb
my wife Deb with me Brought
We also had the BBQ Spare Ribs.. good also.
the BBQ Spare RibsWe had
had the BBQ Spare RibsWe
We had the BBQ Spare Ribs
I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great..
I the MOO SHU pork ordered
ordered I the MOO SHU pork
the MOO SHU pork ordered I
I also ordered the Neptune Platter which was awesome... so this place gets 5 out of 5 stars.
the Neptune Platter which was awesomeordered I
I ordered the Neptune Platter which was awesome
the Neptune Platter which was awesomeI ordered
DO NOT GO HERE!!!
I went to get my nails filled Friday, by Monday 2 were broken.
went FridayI
I Fridaywent
went I Friday
I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail.
with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail. I was not happy
was not happy I with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail.
I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail.
I also had a pedicure, and they cut my nails too short, one of my big toes looks like its getting infected.
a pedicureI had
had I a pedicure
I had a pedicure
No way.
I'm certainly no expert on asian food in fact not even a lover of Vietnamese food but I wanted to try the real things here at A Dong.
I'm certainly no expert
'm certainly no expert I
Cold, slimy, tasteless however is the same in all languages and foods.
is the same in all languages and foodsCold, slimy, tasteless
Cold, slimy, tasteless in all languages and foodsis the same
is the same Cold, slimy, tasteless in all languages and foods
Not good, not great, and again another disappointment in Central Iowa.
How do these places stay in business.
stay in businessthese places
stay these places in business
these places in businessstay
This town needs some food soul and this is not it.
some food soul needs This town
This town needs some food soul
some food soul This town needs
Worth Every Penny
Every Penny Worth
Worth Every Penny
My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night, and our experience was amazing.
at The Grill ate My girlfriend and I last night
at The Grill My girlfriend and I last nightate
My girlfriend and I last nightate at The Grill
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection, and was presented perfectly.
Everything we ordered prepared to perfection
Everything we ordered to perfectionprepared
prepared Everything we ordered to perfection
The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best we ever had.
The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best
were the best The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail
Then the desserts came, and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had.
camethe desserts
the desserts came
I will sum it up with, it was worth every penny!
BEST CHINESE RESTAURANT EVER!!!
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had.
was the best Chinese food It
It was the best Chinese food
All the food tasted excellent, and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom, it is awesome.
All the food tasted
tasted All the food
The people working their are also extremely polite and friendly.
The people working their are also extremely polite
are also extremely polite The people working their
Every time I go, Kevin, the manager, will always remember my family and I.
Kevin, the managerEvery time I gomy family and Iremember
Kevin, the managermy family and Iremember Every time I go
remember Every time I goKevin, the managermy family and I
Overall, it is very family oriented, and I recommend it to everyone!!!
Furnace repair
Tiger Heating is awesome.
is awesomeTiger Heating
Tiger Heating is awesome
I had John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced.
I John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replacedhad
had I John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced
John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replacedI had
These guys were absolutely professional.
These guys were absolutely professional
were absolutely professionalThese guys
John was here in 45 minutes after I called on a 10 below zero early Sunday morning.
in 45 minutes John was here
John was here in 45 minutes
in 45 minutes was here John
If you need someone to help you out with your heating problems, I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR.
call TIGER HEATING and AIRI
call I TIGER HEATING and AIR
I call TIGER HEATING and AIR
Absolutely a wonderful company.
My family and I thank you!!!!!!!!!!
thank youMy family and I
youMy family and I thank
youthank My family and I
They Suck
Suck They
They Suck
Go somewhere else...
Wanted to buy a Rhino 700 and a Grizzly 700.
After searching high and low for a salesman, I was treated like dirt, and we left.
treated I like dirt
like dirttreated I
I treated like dirt
Parts department blows, Service department is even worse.
Parts department blows
blowsParts department
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City, but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange, dealt with the owner, Levi, and was well taken care of.
10 minutes from Cycle Citylive I
live 10 minutes from Cycle CityI
10 minutes from Cycle CityI live
Professional and inspiring
Nigel from Nidd Design has always provided a first class service, from his advice and professionalism to the quality of his design drawings and planning applications.
to the quality of his design drawings and planning applicationsa first class serviceNigel from Nidd Design from his advice and professionalism provided
to the quality of his design drawings and planning applicationsa first class serviceNigel from Nidd Design provided from his advice and professionalism
to the quality of his design drawings and planning applicationsNigel from Nidd Design from his advice and professionalism provided a first class service
His knowledge and expertise help smooth the way with any planning application, ensuring compliance with the building regulations.
His knowledge and expertise help
help His knowledge and expertise
Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else.
want you
you want
He really does turn your dreams into reality for your home!
turn into reality your dreams He for your home
your dreams for your hometurn into reality He
turn for your homeyour dreams into reality He
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close.
at around 730 came We
came We at around 730
at around 730 We came
Got the crab rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good.
the crab rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also goodGot
Got the crab rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good
Def going to come back and try this place again.
Bea was really nice and asked how the food was.
was really nice Bea
Bea was really nice
Cute place also
As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic Mexican food.
As a native southern Californian tell you I
tell you I As a native southern Californian
tell I you As a native southern Californian
However, I still like this place a lot.
a lotlike this place I
this place a lotI like
this place I like a lot
Esp. the mole, tortilla soup, and guacamole.
Margaritas are alright.
Margaritas are alright
are alrightMargaritas
My only complaint is the QUESO.
My only complaint is the QUESO
is the QUESOMy only complaint
It used to be fabulous, why did you guys change it??
used It
It used
Queso should not be watery :( .....
be watery Queso
Queso be watery
***update*** NEVER MIND!
They fixed the queso!
fixed They the queso
the quesoThey fixed
They fixed the queso
Thankyouthankyou
Thankyou
youThank
There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston....don't.waste your time here.
are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston
in houstonare so many wonderful great places to dine
in houstonso many wonderful great places to dine are
I had the morelias enchiladas.
the morelias enchiladashad I
had the morelias enchiladasI
I the morelias enchiladashad
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good.at all.
was dry The sauce
The sauce was dry
In fact my friend vomited after our meal.
after our mealvomited In fact my friend
vomited my friend In fact after our meal
vomited after our mealmy friend In fact
Maybe we ordered the wrong dish but my experience here was poor.
the wrong dish ordered we
we the wrong dish ordered
ordered we the wrong dish
Service was okay not great, we came for a late lunch.
was okay Service
Service was okay
I don't recommend this place.
recommend I this place
I recommend this place
this placerecommend I
Skylight repair
My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew.
making a horrible noise My skylight
making My skylight a horrible noise
a horrible noise making My skylight
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently.
James Bateman the day I called came
the day I called came James Bateman
came the day I called James Bateman
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention.
He my entie roof inspected
inspected He my entie roof
my entie roof He inspected
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction.
called the next day He
the next day called He
the next day He called
When the next hailstorm blows through, I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction.
hesitate I
I hesitate
tricky short guy
The new management is tricky and talk you into getting video rental agreement.
is tricky The new management
The new management is tricky
To my surprise $20 deposit.... New movies not on shelf..under the counter for Telugu Speaking people only... or people who spend $30 or more groceries..
That did it for me..no more Raina's.
for meThat did it
for medid it That
did for meit That
Besides parking is a pain..cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door....gives me heebee gee bees'
parking is a pain
is a painparking
Small Firm with Great Service
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem, and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with.
was really attentive Bloom Legal to my problem
Bloom Legal to my problemwas really attentive
was really attentive to my problemBloom Legal
I much preferred the one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms.
the one-on-one service here I to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firmspreferred
to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firmsthe one-on-one service here preferred I
the one-on-one service here I preferred to the experiences I've had with bigger offices and firms
While I hope I don't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon, if I do I'll definitely use this firm again.
Iuse this firm
use Ithis firm
this firm use I
Used their service for the first time and was immediately impressed by their professionalism (received a phone call soon after order was placed to confirm details) and the subsequent delivery of my gift (To Split, Croatia) was as requested.
for the first time their service Used
for the first time Used their service
Used for the first time their service
The gift itself was exactly as described and pictured in the catalogue and of the highest standard.
was The gift itself
The gift itself was
Would highly recommend to anyone requiring overseas gift delivery.
recommend to anyone requiring overseas gift delivery
to anyone requiring overseas gift deliveryrecommend
Danny (Australia)
I LOVE MY GYM!
I LOVE MY GYM
I MY GYMLOVE
MY GYMI LOVE
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily.
is a second home FITNESS UNLIMITED
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home
If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be.
you the best place to bechosen
the best place to beyou chosen
the best place to bechosen you
This is the most humble gym you will every step into.... if you dare to work on your body don't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be!!
This is the most humble gym
is the most humble gym This
Over-rated...
This restaurant is over-rated.
is over-ratedThis restaurant
This restaurant is over-rated
It is hard to find...and the mexican food is bland, almost equivalent to eating out of a can.
The service is poor...
The service is poor
is poorThe service
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas...and did not get it.!
for a fried egg on my enchiladasasked I
asked for a fried egg on my enchiladasI
for a fried egg on my enchiladasI asked
Secondly, the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce..but chili...like Hormel's chili..the cheese was American cheese!
the enchladas come with enchilada sauce..but chili...like Hormel's chili
the enchladas with enchilada sauce..but chili...like Hormel's chilicome
come with enchilada sauce..but chili...like Hormel's chilithe enchladas
The Chili Relleno..had no batter on it.
no batter The Chili Rellenoon ithad
The Chili Rellenohad no batter on it
had no batter The Chili Rellenoon it
I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great so I made a carry out order of : L 17.
I googled restaurants in the area
restaurants in the area googled I
I restaurants in the area googled
Mixed Tempura.....................8.25 Shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad.
I was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size, to go box set up and quality of the food for the price.
with the customer service I was very happy
was very happy I with the customer service
was very happy with the customer service I
I'm very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out again.
'm very happy I
I'm very happy
Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter!
Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter
from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighterLearn
When i say jiu-jitsu or mma i mean it!
i itmean
mean i it
itmean i
Best jiu-jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up!
When you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday!
see you a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday
a real instructor that teaches and trains everydayyou see
you see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday
If your coach has no fights and you never see him train and sweat something is wrong!
something is wrong
is wrongsomething
Dave Terrell www.norcalfightingalliance.com
Good Pizza at a good price
I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places, this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it.
moved I
I moved
The pizza is usually pretty good, the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more, but it was still good.
The pizza is usually pretty good
is usually pretty goodThe pizza
Their BBQ chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had.
is one Their BBQ chicken pizza
Their BBQ chicken pizza is one
HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!
Absolute horrible service from the parts department.
They are very rude over the phone and in person.
They are very rude over the phone and in person
over the phone and in personThey are very rude
over the phone and in personare very rude They
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings, if you hate your job so much then quit!!
They talk down to you
talk down to you They
They to you talk down
How these guys can get away with being so rude with people is mind blowing.
I will NEVER do business with Sun Toyota again.
business I with Sun Toyota do
with Sun Toyota do I business
with Sun Toyota do business I
Thank god there are plenty of Toyota dealerships to choose from in this city.
Thank god
god Thank
this is a good place
is a good place this
this is a good place
I have been here before and the service was absoulutely great.
been here I
I been here
They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty.
had a great selection of colors to choose from They
They a great selection of colors to choose from had
a great selection of colors to choose from They had
I enjoy going there although i've only been there once, i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here.
enjoy I
I enjoy
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality.
reccomend i you
you reccomend i
i reccomend you
Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people, and the minute you steep into their school, the calm loving atmosphere takes over, and tension and worries stay outside in the street, whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice.
Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people
are very sweet peopleAnna Marie and Govind
A wonderful place, if you want more than just the physical side of yoga.
Give yourself the gift of trying this place, to see if it fits you...
Give the gift of trying this place, to see if it fits youyourself
the gift of trying this place, to see if it fits youGive yourself
the gift of trying this place, to see if it fits youyourself Give
They don't seem to be interested in selling cars.
seem They
They seem
Went there yesterday: we are trying to decide between two different Honda models, so we wanted to test-drive both back to back.
Went yesterday
yesterdayWent
The salesperson refused!
The salesperson refused
refusedThe salesperson
Claimed he was too busy for two test drives.
We were the only customers there!
were the only customers We
We were the only customers
Don't waste time, just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek, they actually do try to help their customers there!
waste time
timewaste
ATE HERE A COUPLE TIMES.
ATE A COUPLE TIMES
A COUPLE TIMESATE
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI.
IT STEAK HOUSE
STEAK HOUSEIT
SO, IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES, WELL, IT IS OK.
IS OKIT
IT IS OK
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD.
IT IS GOOD
IS GOODIT
IF YOU WANT A STEAK, WELL, THIS IS NOT THE BEST IN GREEN BAY.
IS NOT THE BEST IN GREEN BAYTHIS
IS NOT THE BEST THIS IN GREEN BAY
THIS IN GREEN BAYIS NOT THE BEST
OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH CHRIS TYPE STEAK, THIS IS NOT IT.
Good place to be on a Sunday Night.
The beers were good, nice choice of beers as well, and as usual the mussels were great, the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs.
The beers were good
were goodThe beers
Filled up on too much beer and hence cannot comment on the food.
Filled up on too much beer
on too much beer Filled up
But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern.
had the menu standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavern
standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavernhad the menu
had standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian Tavernthe menu
If you are a handcraft beer person, this is a fantastic place to be.
is a fantastic place this
this is a fantastic place
Perfect Location plus
I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it's been a refreshing change.
I into the Tanglewood Apartments moved in late 2008
moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 I
into the Tanglewood Apartments I in late 2008 moved
I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a nightmare.
I used
used I
The manager - Tiffany - is actually very nice so I'ma bit surprised by other comments.
The manager - Tiffany is actually very nice
is actually very nice The manager - Tiffany
She's very reachable and she has always responded quickly to any questions or requests.
She's very reachable
's very reachable She
Plus she plans a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse which is a nice added benefit.
plans a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse she
she a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse plans
a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse plans she
great service/deals - support this local business
I have used these guys for new snows, fixing lots of flats, used replacement tires, and oil changes.
I used these guys for new snows
these guys used I for new snows
I these guys for new snowsused
They have the best prices locally and good customer service.
the best prices locally and good customer servicehave They
have They the best prices locally and good customer service
the best prices locally and good customer serviceThey have
One guy is a little surley, but who gives a crap as long as your car's work is outstanding.
AND they're usually able to help you as a walk-in, and they're fast.
're usually able they
they're usually able
Overall-good stuff.
Another great business bites the dust!
the dustAnother great business bites
Another great business bites the dust
Another great business the dustbites
The best cakes EVER!
A bit pricey, so I didn't go very often, but it was always a treat when I did.
The prices were worth what I got.
were worth The prices what
The prices were worth what
The prices what were worth
I'm assuming they are completely out of business since I can't find any contact information.
Iassuming
assuming I
I'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place, because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer.
Ihoping
hoping I
Super nice people, really good food
What I love most about this place, other than the food, is that eating here makes you feel like you're in a small town rather than Baltimore.
is What I love most about this place, other than the food
What I love most about this place, other than the foodis
The owners are really nice, they serve good food at a good price, and the option to eat outside on the deck (esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic) is great.
The owners are really nice
are really niceThe owners
One of my top 5 places to eat in Baltimore.
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille, so I imagine they are owned/operated by the same people.
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille
This place to the Youngstown Sports Grilleis identical
is identical to the Youngstown Sports GrilleThis place
The food is mediocre at best, and largely overpriced given the portion size and quality.
at bestis mediocre The food
is mediocre at bestThe food
The food is mediocre at best
Don't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there.
me get
get me
I have ate here 3 times since they first opened, and the service has been poor each time, the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow.
ate I 3 times
ate 3 times I
I 3 times ate
Apps 4 Salad 3 Entree 3.5 Wine 5 (NOV 07)
Enjoyed this cozy little spot with a group of 8 folks.
this cozy little spot with a group of 8 folksEnjoyed
with a group of 8 folksEnjoyed this cozy little spot
with a group of 8 folksthis cozy little spot Enjoyed
Service was excellent.
Service was excellent
was excellentService
Food was excellent.
Food was excellent
was excellentFood
Wine was excellent.
Wine was excellent
was excellentWine
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again, I'll definitely order a steak.
feeling the need for some fish I
I the need for some fish feeling
I feeling the need for some fish
A perfect place for a romantic dinner.
Lots of "pretty people" dining inside.
Great staff.
Very helpful!!!!
They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several years.
They interviewed me
They meinterviewed
meThey interviewed
Re-interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job.
I'm really thankful for the folks at HR Office.
for the folks at HR OfficeI'm really thankful
for the folks at HR Office'm really thankful I
'm really thankful Ifor the folks at HR Office
They are dependable, have great connections in the community, and are a great resource for finding a job.
They are dependable
are dependableThey
I highly recommend them to all of my friends!!!!!
them to all of my friendsI recommend
to all of my friendsrecommend them I
them recommend I to all of my friends
Great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder!
I adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League.
adopted I a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League
last winter adopted from the Dumb Friends Leaguea 3.5 month old yellow lab I
I a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter adopted from the Dumb Friends League
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding.
The staff was very helpful
was very helpful The staff
If you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup don't forget to check out the shelters!
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family!
has My pup a wonderful temperment
a wonderful temperment has My pup
My pup a wonderful temperment has
Food good, service poor
Food good
goodFood
No silverware, asked for a spoon for my sons mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon.
Asked for bar-b-que sauce never got it.
for bar-b-que sauce Asked
Asked for bar-b-que sauce
Never checked back with us once we got our food.
with us checked
checked with us
Had to go the the bus boys station ourselves to get napkins.
Only one server, too buys talking with others I guess.
Food was good, but service means a lot to me.
Food was good
was goodFood
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had.
are the best dentist you
you are the best dentist
You are knowledgeable, professional, gentel and kind.
are knowledgeableYou
You are knowledgeable
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now, However I am glad you are my dentist now.
I wish
wish I
Even though you are expensive.
are expensiveyou
you are expensive
Thank you for helping to preserve my teeth.
Thank you
you Thank
You are meticulous in your work and it shows in my smile.
You are meticulous in your work
You in your work are meticulous
in your work You are meticulous
Con Garage
I brought my car in for a simple emissions test.
brought my car for a simple emissions testI
I my car brought for a simple emissions test
for a simple emissions testI brought my car
I guess they figured me for an easy mark, and tried to explain that my car wouldn't pass unless I replaced a hose.
I guess
guess I
Ten minutes later, I took my car down the street and it passed the emissions test with flying colors.
I took down the street my car
took my car I down the street
my car took I down the street
If you're a fan of herpes, being ripped off, and child molesters, this is the garage for you.
this is the garage
is the garage this
If not, go somewhere else.
Rude service
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude.
agree with other reviewers
with other reviewers agree
I called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me, or even just give me an approximate price range.
I called
called I
He told us to stop by the salon and then he will tell us the price.
us told He
He told us
told He us
What kind of rude service is that?
kind of rude service is that
thatkind of rude service is
I don't want to waste my time with them.
want I
I want
Top notch eats!
So here we are in Manson.
Manson?
Yes, Manson.
Right near Chelan.
Aka Nowheresville.
And this litttle gem of a 7-table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise.
this litttle gem of a 7-table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise
is a complete and utterly wonderful surprisethis litttle gem of a 7-table restaurant
A short but wide-ranging menu executed with innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street.
Fantastic food served without pretense, very reasonably priced wine selections.
A great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting.
Excellent Service and Reasonable Prices
Boutique stores dealing in children's clothing/gifts are often outrageously priced (who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie?)
Boutique stores dealing in children's clothing/gifts priced
priced Boutique stores dealing in children's clothing/gifts
but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Purple Goose's prices are reasonable (for the SAME products found at other area boutiques, the prices were 20-25% cheaper).
I was pleasantly surprised
was pleasantly surprised I
The service was also excellent - friendly, helpful and informative without being overbearing.
The service was also excellent
was also excellent The service
Will definitely return.
Consistantly poor
A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this the worst rental agency I have used.
this makes A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers
A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customersthis makes
makes A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customersthis
Chasing them on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I could.
them on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I couldChasing
Chasing on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I couldthem
on issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I couldthem Chasing
If you must use them, be vigilant and be ready to push, if you can go elsewhere then I would.
AMAZING NIGHT- Great Party Spot!!
Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks...place is awesome.
for dinner and drinksto the Willow Lounge this past weekend Went
this past weekend to the Willow Lounge Went for dinner and drinks
this past weekend for dinner and drinksWent to the Willow Lounge
Had to keep in mind that the A/C broke, I feel bad it was their opening!
Anyway, once that is fixed, this place will be amazing.
be amazingthis place
this place be amazing
Drinks were awesome, prices reasonable, and staff friendly.
were awesomeDrinks
Drinks were awesome
This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs.
date spot This
This date spot
Check out The Willow Lounge, youll be happy!
Check out The Willow Lounge
The Willow LoungeCheck out
Its been a few years since I have been to Ipanema.
been a few years It
Itbeen a few years
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food (think lots of meat), but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant!
went my wife and I
my wife and I went
And, I can say, this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond.
this was one
was one this
Amazing!
Don't let the nondescript building entrance fool you, these are some creative and talented chefs...two thumbs way, way up!
let the nondescript building entrance
the nondescript building entrance let
Excellent food, fantastic wait staff
I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser's.
for my wife I threw a surprise birthday party at Fraiser's
a surprise birthday party I threw at Fraiser'sfor my wife
I threw at Fraiser'sfor my wife a surprise birthday party
We had 30 guests for the event, and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food, but the outstanding service as well.
We had 30 guests for the event
had 30 guests for the eventWe
We 30 guests for the eventhad
The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages, and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless.
was easy The management during the planning stages
The management was easy during the planning stages
during the planning stagesThe management was easy
I highly recommend Fraiser's for anyone planning a special event for friends, family or business.
I recommend Fraiser's for anyone planning a special event for friends, family or business
for anyone planning a special event for friends, family or businessI recommend Fraiser's
for anyone planning a special event for friends, family or businessFraiser's I recommend
FANTASTIC STORE!!!
I came upon this store as the building caught my eye.
came I upon this store
came upon this store I
upon this store came I
It's located in the huge HONKA Log Homes building, by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway.
by Walmart Itin the huge HONKA Log Homes buildingoff of Evergreen Parkwaylocated
by Walmart located in the huge HONKA Log Homes buildingoff of Evergreen ParkwayIt
located off of Evergreen Parkwayin the huge HONKA Log Homes buildingby Walmart It
The store was decorated with furnishings & accessories.
The store decorated with furnishings & accessories
with furnishings & accessoriesThe store decorated
decorated with furnishings & accessoriesThe store
The friendly crew working was great & very helpful.
The friendly crew working was great
was great The friendly crew working
This store is what Colorado is all about.
is This store
This store is
Also, I purchased some furniture last year and all has been great!
purchased some furniture I last year
last year purchased I some furniture
I last year some furniture purchased
It's durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon!
It's durability & look was perfect
was perfect It's durability & look
Lovely People, Great Hats
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service.
saddened I
I saddened
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly-accented English.
me led It
It me led
me It led
The husband and wife who run this spot are lovely people.
are lovely peopleThe husband and wife who run this spot
The husband and wife who run this spot are lovely people
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act.
many conversations with them had We
had many conversations with them We
many conversations with them We had
I recommend them highly!
recommend I them
recommend them I
I recommend them
DONT ever go there, not even if your car flips.
Their service sucks to start off with, people are cruel and ignorant.
sucks Their service
Their service sucks
I'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products.
with their service and their productsI'm compeltly dissatisfied
'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their productsI
'm compeltly dissatisfied Iwith their service and their products
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS, they will NOT take it back!
have They a return policy
a return policy They have
They have a return policy
DO NOT EVER GO HERE.
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people.
Advanced auto parts prefer over this crappy place with the meanest peopleI
prefer over this crappy place with the meanest peopleI Advanced auto parts
I over this crappy place with the meanest peopleprefer Advanced auto parts
And they THRIVE to get a customer.
they THRIVE
THRIVE they
DO NOT go here..thank you
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off.
for 1 year plus my hair I growing
I growing my hair for 1 year plus
growing for 1 year plus I my hair
I walked out with 5 inch long hair on the top, 2 inch long hair on the sides, and 1.5 in the back.
walked with 5 inch long hair on the top, 2 inch long hair on the sides, and 1.5 in the backI
I walked with 5 inch long hair on the top, 2 inch long hair on the sides, and 1.5 in the back
I with 5 inch long hair on the top, 2 inch long hair on the sides, and 1.5 in the backwalked
My hair is uneven and it looks rediculous.
is uneven My hair
My hair is uneven
This woman should be working in supercuts...if that.
working in supercutsThis woman
working This woman in supercuts
in supercutsworking This woman
This was a terrible experience and I hope that no one else goes through that.
This was a terrible experience
was a terrible experience This
Do your self a favor and do not go to this establishment.
your self a favor Do
Do your self a favor
your self Do a favor
The worst Burger King restaurant!!!
I generally like the BK over the other fast serving restaurants; however, I regreted to visit this restaurant at my town.
like over the other fast serving restaurantsI the BK
like the BK I over the other fast serving restaurants
the BK I like over the other fast serving restaurants
This is a shame of my adorable town, Branford.
This is a shame
is a shame This
I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already.
ordered I a kid meal with a milk
a kid meal with a milk I ordered
a kid meal with a milk ordered I
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay.
asked I them
them asked I
I asked them
Disgusting french fries is very best menu.
is very best menuDisgusting french fries
Disgusting french fries is very best menu
Don't go, or you will learn how to waste your money.
The Bad: I was at Napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food.
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes.
were a party We
We were a party
Napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists.
Napa about wine
about wine Napa
I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed.
found I my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose
my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose I found
I my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose found
If you must go ask lots of questions about your selections since your expectations may as high as mine were.
lots of questions about your selections ask
ask lots of questions about your selections
Highly Recommended
We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter from kids and the staff.
walked We
We walked
The facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal.
The facilities than adequate are more
than adequate The facilities are more
are more The facilities than adequate
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in.
me amazes every time I walk inTheir sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones
me Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes every time I walk in
amazes Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones every time I walk inme
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it's worth the extra travel, as the care provided exceeds our expectations... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere.
We moved
moved We
HORRIBLE!!!!!
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering.
has This
This has
The crust was lopsided, thicker on one side than the other.
The crust was lopsided
was lopsidedThe crust
It actually had a hole in one of the slices.
had a hole in one of the slicesIt
It a hole in one of the sliceshad
It had a hole in one of the slices
There was minimal cheese and sauce and it completely lacked flavor.
minimal cheese and sauce was
was minimal cheese and sauce
I know New York pizza and this is not it!!
know New York pizza I
New York pizza know I
New York pizza I know
This was nothing like New York style pizza!!!.
This was nothing
was nothing This
I love pizza and this was a complete and utter disappointment!!
love I pizza
I pizza love
pizza love I
I would not suggest this pizza to anyone!!!
I to anyonethis pizza suggest
to anyonethis pizza suggest I
suggest this pizza I to anyone
best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I calledA CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services.
They came to my house in no time and started working on the gate.
in no time to my house came They
They came to my house in no time
in no time They to my house came
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it.
were very friendly They
They were very friendly
Once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever.
all of my questions they answetred with no hesitations
answetred with no hesitations all of my questions they
answetred they with no hesitations all of my questions
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired, I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors
know I
I know
You will be happy at this store!
be happy at this storeYou
at this storebe happy You
at this storeYou be happy
Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in Temecula.
recommended Allen Tire by friend
by friend recommended Allen Tire
by friend Allen Tire recommended
The store manager, Jim Smith, made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus.
The store manager, Jim Smithan excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexusmade
made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired LexusThe store manager, Jim Smith
made The store manager, Jim Smithan excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns.
Tires were the right price
were the right price Tires
The store is clean, run very professionally and a pleasure to be in.
The store clean
cleanThe store
They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right.
They know their job
know their job They
their job know They
Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car!
Excellent service, Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch.
Very kind and reliable.
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service.
this dealership recommend I
this dealership I recommend
recommend I this dealership
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership, The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard.
from this dealershipI purchased two cars
two cars purchased from this dealershipI
from this dealershiptwo cars I purchased
Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first.
sales men Both
Both sales men
This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie.
done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptieThis place
a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptieThis place done
This place a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptiedone
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker...and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me..."the inspection guy isn't here today"....for example.
have I
I have
Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection...but I was still out of there pretty quick...barely had time to read a chapter in my book.
went into Kwik Kar I Today
went I into Kwik Kar Today
into Kwik Kar I went Today
Extremely helpful and professional
As first-time home buyers, my husband and I found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty, extremely helpful.
found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat RealtyAs first-time home buyersmy husband and I
my husband and I As first-time home buyersStephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realtyfound
found As first-time home buyersmy husband and I Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty
She worked with us for over a year, helping us find our perfect home.
for over a yearShe with us worked
She worked with us for over a year
with us She worked for over a year
Stephanie's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range, made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did.
us feel secure in our decision to buy when we didStephanie's knowledge of the market and properties in our price rangemade
made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we didStephanie's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range
made Stephanie's knowledge of the market and properties in our price rangeus feel secure in our decision to buy when we did
We would highly recommend Stephanie to anyone looking for a home in the Yampa Valley.
to anyone looking for a home in the Yampa ValleyStephanie We recommend
Stephanie recommend to anyone looking for a home in the Yampa ValleyWe
to anyone looking for a home in the Yampa Valleyrecommend We Stephanie
We appreciated her patience, knowledge and kindness!
We appreciated her patience, knowledge and kindness
her patience, knowledge and kindnessappreciated We
We her patience, knowledge and kindnessappreciated
Great Barber
Firstly, the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick's, or he would know that Nick only charges $13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard.
Nick'sthe other reviewer
the other reviewer Nick's
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail.
for 5 months I to Nick going
to Nick for 5 months I going
to Nick going I for 5 months
I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right.
have terrible hair I
terrible hair I have
terrible hair have I
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par, but if you wait for Nick... you'll be good.
UGH!!!
Got some nice "freshly baked" fruit squares, a personal favorite of mine.
some nice "freshly baked" fruit squares, a personal favorite of mineGot
Got some nice "freshly baked" fruit squares, a personal favorite of mine
Took a bite, it tasted odd.
a biteTook
Took a bite
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold!!!!
Ugh!!
I called the store and the clerk giggled, and agreed that it was gross, but said it was not her problem.
called the store I
the store I called
I called the store
She also refused to get a manager.
She refused
refused She
I left my number, or tried to anyway.
my numberleft I
left my numberI
I my numberleft
Same clerk had considerable difficulty taking down a number.
considerable difficulty taking down a numberhad Same clerk
considerable difficulty taking down a numberSame clerk had
had considerable difficulty taking down a numberSame clerk
I'll never go back there again
Igo
go I
For cheap Chinese food, this is the place to go.
For cheap Chinese foodis the place this
is the place For cheap Chinese foodthis
is the place this For cheap Chinese food
I used to eat at places like New China or Green Buffet in Troy, MO - nothing terrible but not that great.
used I
I used
Now, I won't eat fast food Chinese unless it's from this place.
eat I fast food Chinese
I fast food Chinese eat
eat fast food Chinese I
The best value I've found from a Chinese restaurant.
I don't live in Lake St. Louis anymore, but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous.
live I in Lake St. Louis
in Lake St. Louis I live
in Lake St. Louis live I
Now I have to be in the area to get some lovin' :sadface:
have I
I have
Amazing Experience!
My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa.
was amazing My experience at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa
My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa
at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spawas amazing My experience
Jana Kueck was nothing but professional.
was nothing Jana Kueck
Jana Kueck was nothing
She makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world.
you makes She
She makes you
She you makes
Jana made me feel very comfortable.
Jana me made
made me Jana
me made Jana
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing.
Provided with warm blanket me
with warm blanket me Provided
Provided me with warm blanket
Walking in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed.
you made
made you
Equipment is state of the art.
Equipment is state
is state Equipment
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer.
I reccomend anyone
reccomend I anyone
anyone reccomend I
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take.
is a patient and methodical teacherDave
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher
Also, he loves teaching so much, his price is unbeatable, but that does not change his level of skill.
he loves teaching
teaching he loves
teaching loves he
Dave has much to offer.
Dave has much to offer
has Dave much to offer
has much to offerDave
In just 2-3 focused lessons, I'm already now capable of picking up new songs off YouTube guitar how to videos and am even writing my own orginals with confidence!
'm already now capable In just 2-3 focused lessonsI
IIn just 2-3 focused lessons'm already now capable
In just 2-3 focused lessonsI'm already now capable
~Jason
We love our new roof!
our new rooflove We
love We our new roof
love our new roofWe
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home.
We like
like We
Everything was done on a timely manner and things were cleaned and picked up every day when the crew was done.
done Everything on a timely manner
done on a timely manner Everything
Everything done on a timely manner
We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday.
We liked the way that Ray checked on the job everyday
We the way that Ray checked on the job everydayliked
liked the way that Ray checked on the job everydayWe
And when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same day.
every thing cleaned up
cleaned up every thing
We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again.
We hesitate
hesitate We
We have already recommended you to some of our friends!
to some of our friendsrecommended We you
you We to some of our friendsrecommended
recommended to some of our friendsyou We
I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST, BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING TO TALK.
I HATE THIS PLACE
HATE I THIS PLACE
HATE THIS PLACE I
ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT
WE DRIVE IN MY VAN
IN MY VAN DRIVE WE
WE IN MY VAN DRIVE
AMAZINGLY YUMMY!
I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already!
yesterday got I
yesterday I got
I got yesterday
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town, I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self!
about this amazing new crepe place in townMy sister in law me told
told about this amazing new crepe place in townMy sister in law me
My sister in law me about this amazing new crepe place in towntold
Their customer service was perfect!
Their customer service was perfect
was perfectTheir customer service
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted.
Their Food then anything I had ever tastedwas better
was better Their Food then anything I had ever tasted
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted
EVEN IN FRANCE!
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere, amazing food, and great customer service!
recommend this place I to anyone looking for a great atmosphere, amazing food, and great customer service
this place recommend to anyone looking for a great atmosphere, amazing food, and great customer serviceI
this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere, amazing food, and great customer serviceI recommend
Thank you Roll UP Crepes!
you Thank Roll UP Crepes
Roll UP CrepesThank you
Thank you Roll UP Crepes
This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry.
This is one
is one This
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole.
is worth the
worth the is
The whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager.
The whole experience a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel managershows
The whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager
shows The whole experience a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager
Bad service starting from the front desk.
The best person is the valet.
is the valetThe best person
The best person is the valet
Short of that, avoid this place, as a silver Marriott member, this is a disgrace.
avoid this place
this placeavoid
BEST PLACE IN AMES
I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are very nice and clean, and in great condition!
for two years lived I
I lived for two years
lived for two years I
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex, also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful.
the staff at Wessexenjoyed I
enjoyed I the staff at Wessex
I the staff at Wessexenjoyed
The fitness center was GREAT!
was GREATThe fitness center
The fitness center was GREAT
The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was that the walls are pretty thin, sometimes I could here my neighbors conversations.
was The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there
The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was
I would recommend these apartments to anybody!
these apartments I to anybodyrecommend
I these apartments recommend to anybody
I these apartments to anybodyrecommend
I absolutely LOVED living there.
LOVED I
I LOVED
The Best Service Ever!!
I have never had better service.
I better servicehad
better serviceI had
had I better service
My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia.
My car broke down
broke down My car
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time.
Everyone was pleasant and very helpful.
was pleasant Everyone
Everyone was pleasant
The service department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished.
gave me a ride home The service department
The service department gave a ride home me
The service department a ride home me gave
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle.
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle
me The advisor up to date and informed on the progress of my vehiclekept
up to date and informed on the progress of my vehiclekept me The advisor
I give this dealer an A+!
give an A+I this dealer
an A+I this dealer give
give this dealer an A+I
I will definitely be bringing my car back for service.
I my car for servicebringing
for servicebringing I my car
my car for serviceI bringing
HEAVEN ON EARTHHHHHHH!!!!
MUST TRY!!!
A+++
THIS PLACE IS THE BEST.
THIS PLACE IS THE BEST
IS THE BESTTHIS PLACE
I HATED SUSHI BEFORE BUT NOW I CANT STOP EATTING IT!!!!!!!
I SUSHI HATED
HATED I SUSHI
SUSHI HATED I
NICE SERVICE, AND EXCELLENT FOOD.
EVERYTHING IN HERE SEEMS TO AMAZE ME!!!
SEEMS EVERYTHING IN HERE
EVERYTHING IN HERE SEEMS
THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUTTA THIS WORLD AND SUSHI IS JUST FABULOUS!!!!
TA THIS WORLD THEIR GRILL DISHES
THEIR GRILL DISHES TA THIS WORLD
I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK.
AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEKEAT I
EAT I AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK
I EAT AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK
THEY HAVE EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS FOR A FAIR PRICE AND SO IS THE GRILL ORDERS.
THEY EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS HAVE FOR A FAIR PRICE
FOR A FAIR PRICE HAVE EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS THEY
THEY EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS FOR A FAIR PRICE HAVE
A++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JUNO AND OPEN I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I LOVE YOU GUYS
LOVE I YOU GUYS
I YOU GUYSLOVE
[no homo] :D
friendly, fine food
The one-star review from 2005 is out of date.
of dateThe one-star review from 2005
The one-star review from 2005 of date
There was a change of ownership a couple of years ago and service is both quick and extremely friendly.
a change of ownership was
was a change of ownership
The food continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches, homemade soups, fresh salads.
The food continues
continues The food
The atmosphere may not be for everyone.
The atmosphere for everyone
for everyoneThe atmosphere
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table (as in many European cafes), but if you are OK with that, the food is very good.
It is a bustling place
is a bustling place It
Love the soups.
Love the soups
the soupsLove
The New Italian Kid on the Block
Another Italian restaurant in Collingswood?
Do we need another one?
need another onewe
we need another one
we another oneneed
Only if it is of the quality of That's Amore.
of the quality it
it of the quality
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch.
has the usual The menu
The menu the usual has
the usual has The menu
The arancini di riso (risotto fritters) are not to be missed.
The arancini di riso (risotto fritters) are
are The arancini di riso (risotto fritters)
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven.
was excellent Chicken saltimboca
Chicken saltimboca was excellent
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree.
Pay to the appetizers extra attention
Pay extra attention to the appetizers
extra attention to the appetizers Pay
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used.
Auto Towing is one
is one Auto Towing
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed.
on time The first time I used them they arrived
they on time The first time I used them arrived
The first time I used them on time arrived they
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had.
are very friendly The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services.
towed They car a few times for me
a few times They for me car towed
a few times for me They towed car
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service, then Auto Towing is the company for you.
is the company Auto Towing
Auto Towing is the company
A very satisfied new customer!
As a very satisfied new customer, I wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct Cleaning.
recommend United Air Duct CleaningI As a very satisfied new customer
recommend As a very satisfied new customerUnited Air Duct CleaningI
United Air Duct CleaningI As a very satisfied new customerrecommend
They are professional, knowledgeable, and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work.
are professionalThey
They are professional
Not only were my wife and I very pleased, but I also had the air duct quality tested professionally by the home inspector that I regularly use, before and after United Air Duct performed their work.
Based on the test results, the home inspector stated that the quality of their job was “excellent”.
Based on the test resultsthe home inspector stated
the home inspector Based on the test resultsstated
the home inspector stated Based on the test results
The Best Breakfast in Solana Beach!
We love T's Cafe!
love T's CafeWe
T's Cafelove We
We love T's Cafe
Without a doubt the best place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict.
T's has been a North County landmark for thirty years and with good reason.
Family owned and operated makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home-cooked with style.
Family owned and operated makes
makes Family owned and operated
I highly recommend picking up a jug of their homemade bloody mary mix - definitely the best.
recommend I
I recommend
If you've been to North County, chances are it's in your favorites list already.
chances are
are chances
Prominent Builders NJ
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors, I was referred to them by my friend, I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation, and addition.
are one Prominent Builders in New Jersey
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one
They were very professional, respectful, completed the Job on time, and well below my budget.
were very professionalThey
They were very professional
Mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me.
Mike one of owners was awesome
was awesomeMike one of owners
Great Dude Cut!
Great service, cool vibe, impeccable style.
I'ma guy with tricky hair so getting that right is job #1.
'ma guy I
I'ma guy
After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice at Alta Moda.
found at Alta ModaI Janice
at Alta ModaJanice I found
I at Alta Modafound Janice
Not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've ever had.
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius.
suck at my own style I
suck I at my own style
at my own style I suck
Looks like there's a lot of talent in this place.
Worth every penny.
Worth every penny
every pennyWorth
My Favorite place at Wildwood
I have been going to the Wildwood, NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first.
to the Wildwood, NJ I going for over 30 years for summer vacations
to the Wildwood, NJ for over 30 years going I for summer vacations
going to the Wildwood, NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations I
I rated it 5 stars.
rated I it
it I rated
it rated I
I am not saying it is a 5 star hotel.
saying I
I saying
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood, this hotel has everything that we are looking for.
I saying
saying I
It is the hospitality from Tom and staff, that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach.
We prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean.
We prefer the layout of rooms
prefer We the layout of rooms
the layout of rooms prefer We
When in Scordia, Sicily
in Scordia, Sicily When
When in Scordia, Sicily
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia.
the time take
take the time
They are and always will be the nicest people in Sicily that you will meet.
are and always will be the nicest people They
They are and always will be the nicest people
You will also have the pleasure of learning the Italiano language.
You have the pleasure of learning the Italiano language
You the pleasure of learning the Italiano languagehave
the pleasure of learning the Italiano languagehave You
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture, that I have fallen in luv with.
have You the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture, that I have fallen in luv with
the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture, that I have fallen in luv withYou have
You have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture, that I have fallen in luv with
I will 4-ever be eternally grateful for their hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I was there for 3 years.
for their hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I was there for 3 yearsbe eternally grateful I
I be eternally grateful for their hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I was there for 3 years
I for their hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I was there for 3 yearsbe eternally grateful
Luv always..
I've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before, but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels (whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs) I would now not recommend this business to anybody.
Ithe need to write a review or make a complaint beforefelt
felt the need to write a review or make a complaint beforeI
the need to write a review or make a complaint beforefelt I
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired!
leaves a lot to be desiredthis
leaves this a lot to be desired
this leaves a lot to be desired
Nobody should be spoken to like that regardless of how bad their day may have been or what may be going on in their private lives!
Nobody like that spoken to
like that Nobody spoken to
to spoken Nobody like that
Best Car Dealer in TX
I purchased a nissan from this dealship.
I from this dealshippurchased a nissan
from this dealshipa nissan I purchased
a nissan purchased from this dealshipI
The sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at.
were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked atThe sales men
The sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at
about every aspect of every car we looked atwere very knowledgeable The sales men
They were very patient and helpful from showing the cars to doing the paperwork.
They were very patient
were very patient They
The paperwork was a very easy and smooth.
The paperwork was a very easy
was a very easy The paperwork
They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it won't hurt my score.
They tried
tried They
Overall, I was very happy with the customer service and my purchase.
I was very happy with the customer service and my purchase
was very happy I with the customer service and my purchase
I with the customer service and my purchasewas very happy
If you're looking to buy a car, definitely give them a call.
give a callthem
give them a call
a callgive them
They have a huge inventory.
a huge inventoryhave They
They a huge inventoryhave
They have a huge inventory
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great.
I been a patient
been a patient I
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital.
had an 80 yr old that I take of I
I had an 80 yr old that I take of
an 80 yr old that I take of I had
Yes, we had to wait, but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first.
had we
we had
Any ER would be the same.
Any ER be the same
be the sameAny ER
As far as being treated like a drug seeker, that has not been my experience.
that been my experience
been my experiencethat
As a nurse I know about drug seekers.
I about drug seekersAs a nurse know
I about drug seekersknow As a nurse
I know As a nurse about drug seekers
This is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system.
This is a great hospital
is a great hospital This
Wonderful Experience
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning, with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday.
on a Sunday morningimmense pain I had
immense pain I on a Sunday morninghad
had immense pain I on a Sunday morning
Dr. Taylor was not only available on a Sunday, but also was able to immediately take care of me.
Dr. Taylor on a Sundaywas
on a SundayDr. Taylor was
was on a SundayDr. Taylor
He was incredibly informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from.
about the options I hadwas incredibly informative He
He about the options I hadwas incredibly informative
He was incredibly informative about the options I had
Coming from a person who hates the dentist in general, Dr. Taylor was the best!
Dr. Taylor was the best
was the bestDr. Taylor
He really made the visit a pain free one with excellent service!
with excellent servicethe visit made He
made with excellent servicethe visit He
the visit made He with excellent service
I would recommend him to everyone!
recommend him to everyoneI
him recommend I to everyone
to everyonerecommend I him
This school is the worst one i've ever been to.
This school is the worst one
is the worst one This school
I attended it for 2 years, and that was enough.
I attended it for 2 years
for 2 yearsit I attended
it I for 2 yearsattended
There's holes everywhere in the ceiling, sewage constantly leaks through the ceiling, and the whole condition of the school is horrible.
holes everywhere in the ceiling's
's holes everywhere in the ceiling
The staff and the Principal are rediculous, they don't listen to any input, and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks, because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student's).
The staff and the Principal are rediculous
are rediculousThe staff and the Principal
The education is horrible at best, do society a favor, and do NOT send your student here.
The education at bestis horrible
at bestThe education is horrible
at bestis horrible The education
Excellent customer service and quality work.
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots-- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels.
the extra mile They went
the extra mile went They
went the extra mile They
That was 4 years ago.
I haven't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it.
I been able
been able I
(I've been through at least 5 places already.)
Ithrough at least 5 places
through at least 5 places I
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week, I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again.
I I those boots get
those boots I get I
I I those boots get
So Handy for Local La Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers
for Local La Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers Handy
Handy for Local La Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers
Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village, I have referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers.
referred for a ton of local numbersI to the La Jolla Blue Book
to the La Jolla Blue Book I for a ton of local numbersreferred
I referred for a ton of local numbersto the La Jolla Blue Book
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook.
me allowed The white pages
The white pages allowed me
allowed The white pages me
It's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word.
THX:-)
The staff do occasionally get game info correct, but if your looking fot a good game and aren'ta nerd, dont ask them.
game info The staff get
The staff get game info
get The staff game info
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps.
suggested I The last time I did that
I suggested The last time I did that
The last time I did that I suggested
I knew what it was and told the guy that it wasn'ta fps.
knew I
I knew
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue.
He tried
tried He
Overall they aren't very knowledge about the type of games are on the market.
about the type of games are on the marketthey aren't very knowledge
aren't very knowledge they about the type of games are on the market
about the type of games are on the marketaren't very knowledge they
First and Last time we'll eat there
My friend and I went there for lunch today.
todaywent for lunch My friend and I
went My friend and I todayfor lunch
for lunch My friend and I went today
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we'd try it.
Neither one of us ever been
ever been Neither one of us
BIG MISTAKE - The food was tasteless and cold.
We both kept trying to find something we liked.
We both kept
kept We both
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful.
potato wedgesThe only thing I found edible
The only thing I found edible potato wedges
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save your money and go somewhere else.
this place recommend to anyone
recommend this place to anyone
recommend to anyone this place
Liquidweb.com Rocks!!!
Liquidweb.com Rocks
RocksLiquidweb.com
I am not a client of liquidweb.com, but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites.
I am not a client
am not a client I
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb.
with him I work
I with him work
I work with him
As I have gone through many reviews sites to see if any provider is providing better services or not, and I have realized that there were many good reviews about Liquidweb also Steven never faced any server issues in his whole hosting.
through many reviews sites gone I
through many reviews sites I gone
I through many reviews sites gone
The kind of support they provide is simply great!!!
is simply greatThe kind of support they provide
The kind of support they provide is simply great
I would like to host my upcoming website to Liquidweb.com
I like
like I
Hino Dealer of the Year
Congratulations Prestige Hino!
You have been awarded the converted Hino Dealer of the Year!
You awarded the converted Hino Dealer of the Year
awarded You the converted Hino Dealer of the Year
You the converted Hino Dealer of the Yearawarded
Each of you should be proud of your massive contributions throughout the year!
Each of you be proud of your massive contributions throughout the year
be proud Each of you of your massive contributions throughout the year
Each of you of your massive contributions throughout the yearbe proud
Major Awards – Overall Hino dealer of the year.
Overall Hino finance dealer of the year.
Major Awards – Market leader overall, Dandenong PMA, sales.
Market leader medium duty, sales.
Well done to Anthony and the team!
to Anthony and the teamdone
done to Anthony and the team
Bronze award service excellence, metro.
Well done to Brendan and the team!
done to Brendan and the team
to Brendan and the teamdone
Gold award parts excellence, metro.
Well done to Jason and the team!
to Jason and the teamdone
done to Jason and the team
simple but perfect
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes, this is not the place for you.
this is not the place
is not the place this
If you want perfectly executed simple dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients, you'll love Vetri.
youlove Vetri
love youVetri
love Vetriyou
Hands-down the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot).
The antipasti were amazing, the wines were mind-blowing, the service couldn't have been better.
The antipasti were amazing
were amazingThe antipasti
I've dined at lots of high-end restaurants and I've never before felt my money was so well spent.
Idined at lots of high-end restaurants
dined at lots of high-end restaurants I
dined Iat lots of high-end restaurants
Great Prices, Great service!
I've been to this shop twice (once for an inspection and again for an oil change) and they truly live up to their name: Discount!
to this shop I
Ito this shop
They have all kind of coupons available for car washes, oil changes, state inspection, etc.
They have all kind of coupons available for car washes, oil changes, state inspection, etc
all kind of coupons available for car washes, oil changes, state inspection, etcThey have
all kind of coupons available for car washes, oil changes, state inspection, etchave They
The thing is, you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rates!
isThe thing
The thing is
There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you'd like.
is free coffee and bottles of water
free coffee and bottles of water is
The owner is a pleasant guy and I would trust my car with him or any of his workers.
The owner is a pleasant guy
is a pleasant guy The owner
Top notch, all the way!
David is amazing
is amazing David
David is amazing
David is the most helpful and creative photographer that I have used.
is the most helpful and creative photographer David
David is the most helpful and creative photographer
He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation.
is willing He
He is willing
He was patient and adapted when everything didn't go according to schedule on my wedding day.
was patient He
He was patient
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing.
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we
we Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us
He got the pictures back to me quickly.
He back to me got the pictures
the pictures got He back to me
He got the pictures back to me
I would highly recommend David to anyone.
recommend I to anyoneDavid
to anyoneI recommend David
I recommend to anyoneDavid
He will exceed your expectations!
your expectationsexceed He
He exceed your expectations
exceed He your expectations
He doesn't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you won't even notice that there's a camera there.
take pictures He
pictures He take
He pictures take
Not so great
My husband just got a bike there as a gift he's only had it a month.
got a bike My husband as a gift
as a gift got My husband a bike
as a gift a bike My husband got
It's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money.
's a nice bike It
It's a nice bike
But just this week a peddle broke.
a peddle just this week broke
just this week a peddle broke
a peddle brokejust this week
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes??
He took it
took He it
it He took
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price.
going they
they going
Which was very expensive.
was very expensiveWhich
Which was very expensive
He asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off??
He for a different pair asked
He asked for a different pair
for a different pair asked He
Trek is not so great
Trek is not so great
is not so great Trek
Only Concerned With Money
Concerned With Money
With Money Concerned
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect.
I for a few months my treatments getting
getting for a few months I my treatments
I getting for a few months my treatments
The people there attempt to come across and professional and nice, but I was disappointed with their customer service.
attempt The people there
The people there attempt
Never miss an appointment because they will charge you the price of a treatment, even if you had an emergency.
miss an appointment
an appointment miss
It's pretty ridiculous!
's pretty ridiculousIt
It's pretty ridiculous
They want to squeeze as much as they can from you even if you just got in a car accident!!!!
want They
They want
They don't care one bit about you!!!!!
one bit about youThey care
about youcare one bit They
about youone bit They care
Terrible service!!!
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate.
an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimateMade
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate
They sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate.
sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimateThey
They someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimatesent over
They sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate
When I called the manager to complain, she said she KNEW the guy didn't know about curtains and that the usual lady called in sick hours earlier!
she said
said she
Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead.
they chose
chose they
So what was the point of the appointment!?!
the point of the appointmentwhat was
what was the point of the appointment
To just come over and hang out?!?
I will NEVER do business with this company!
do I business with this company
I do business with this company
business with this companyI do
EVER!!!
Internet Department is rude and insulting
is rude Internet Department
Internet Department is rude
I was looking to bring a customer to their lot to buy a car but the Internet salesperson Last name is Balazick sent me this email "AND IF IT WAS WORTH MY TIME I WOULD OF BOTHERED ASWERING YOUR QUESTIONS.
I looking
looking I
I MAKE MONEY NOT DEAL WITH BROKERS" Wow, can you believe in todays tough times this dealership would be looking for any way to move vehicles.
MONEY I MAKE
I MONEY MAKE
MONEY MAKE I
As a previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in with a broker.
with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit I As a previous Internet Manager deal
deal I As a previous Internet Manager with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit
with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit As a previous Internet Manager I deal
Stay away from this dealership!!!
This place is a Rip-Off
Rip-Off This place
This place Rip-Off
I brought a car in to have the "check engine" light diagnosed back in March of 2010.
brought back in March of 2010I a car
brought back in March of 2010a car I
brought a car back in March of 2010I
They said it was "plugs and wires" and quoted me $330 to do the work, including parts.
They said
said They
I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way.
asked I
I asked
Those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank (1 screw) and the air filter canister (4 spring clips).
ended up Those things
Those things ended up
I did the work myself for $50.
myself I the work for $50did
I did myself for $50the work
the work myself did for $50I
There's no excuse for that kind of estimate.
no excuse for that kind of estimate's
's no excuse for that kind of estimate
My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we didn't want to wait in line at Outback.
a chance took on this place My girlfriend and I
on this place took My girlfriend and I a chance
My girlfriend and I took on this place a chance
What an amazing find - this restaurant is a GEM.
#1 its immaculately clean.
its immaculately clean
s immaculately cleanit
#2 the decor is tasteful and artistic, from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures.... and (most importantly) #3 the food is FANTASTIC.
the decor is tasteful from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures
is tasteful from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixturesthe decor
is tasteful the decor from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures
This is authentic Cuban cuisine; fresh ingredients expertly prepared and seasoned perfectly.
This is authentic Cuban cuisine
is authentic Cuban cuisineThis
The portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant.
The portions were generous
were generous The portions
TRY THIS PLACE - YOU'LL LOVE IT.
TRY THIS PLACE
THIS PLACE TRY
Thank you for helping me get more healthy!
you Thank
Thank you
I came in and saw Dr. Ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking.
came I
I came
I have to tell you that I haven't had one and don't want one.
I have
have I
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too.
It is the easiest thing
is the easiest thing It
I sent a customer of mine to you.
I a customer of mine to yousent
a customer of mine I sent to you
to youI a customer of mine sent
Dr. Ruona, if you read this, thank you for helping me get more healthy.
you thank
thank you
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before.
feel I
I feel
I can't thank you enough.
thank I you
I thank you
I you thank
Signs of Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners etc.
I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago.
I for well over 12 years been a friend
for well over 12 years been a friend I
for well over 12 years I been a friend
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates.
is the driving force Tina
Tina is the driving force
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop-up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris.
My counseling practice
Hello my name is Vera and I'm writing a review about my own counseling practice in Bellevue, WA. and in Renton WA.
my name is Vera
is Vera my name
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems.
I offer compassionate, approachable and personalized counseling services.
I compassionate, approachable and personalized counseling servicesoffer
offer I compassionate, approachable and personalized counseling services
offer compassionate, approachable and personalized counseling servicesI
My style is compassionate, nonjudgmental, and caring.
is compassionateMy style
My style is compassionate
Please visit my website to learn more about my practice at www.veraakulov.com.
visit my website at www.veraakulov.com
visit at www.veraakulov.commy website
my website at www.veraakulov.comvisit
I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies.
am a preferred provider I
I am a preferred provider
Schedule your first appointment online!
your first appointment Schedule
Schedule your first appointment
I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting.
I appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting
appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health settingI
reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health settingI appreciate
Fantastic for kids
for kids Fantastic
Fantastic for kids
If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you'll love this zoo.
this zooyoulove
love this zooyou
youthis zoolove
It's only $10 and in essence just one big petting zoo.
It$10
$10 It
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots.
at the front sell feed and milk bottles They
feed and milk bottles They sell at the front
sell at the front They feed and milk bottles
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when (very harshly I might add) grabbing and 'kissed' the goats and lambs.
took our 7 month old We
our 7 month old We took
We our 7 month old took
The animals were all very sweet and patient with her.
The animals were all very sweet
were all very sweet The animals
Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's, camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH!!!
animals that were available to touch were pony's, camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH
pony's, camels and EVEN AN OSTRICHanimals that were available to touch were
Wonderful, inexpensive and lots of fun!
WOW!!!
I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee.
I enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Graceesay
enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog GraceeI say
say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog GraceeI
Gracee is more excited to see her than she is excited to see me!!!!
is more excited Gracee
Gracee is more excited
She has always been there for Gracee even for last minute calls!
been there She for Gracee even for last minute calls
been there even for last minute callsShe for Gracee
for Gracee She been there even for last minute calls
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her!!!
taken of my sweet girl She for almost 4 years care
She care taken for almost 4 years of my sweet girl
She for almost 4 years of my sweet girl care taken
She is caring, punctual, and very enthusiastic about her job!
She is caring
is caringShe
You should give her a try - it's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting!!!!
a try give You her
give You a try her
give a try her You
Worst Service I've Ever Experienced
I wish there was something good to say about the business, but unfortunately, there isn't.
wish I
I wish
1) Service and manners were nonexistent.
Service and manners were nonexistent
were nonexistentService and manners
2) The employees constantly talk down to customers and are very argumentative for the sake of being argumentative.
talk The employees to customers
The employees talk to customers
talk to customers The employees
(to both myself and customers) 3) I have never experienced so much rudeness coming from a business.
4) The business is very unorganized.
is very unorganizedThe business
The business is very unorganized
The invoice is not detailed, so it is difficult to see what you are paying for.
The invoice is not detailed
is not detailedThe invoice
I'd recommend to save your time and energy and find another greek store.
Irecommend
recommend I
Exile is the best!!!
Exile is the best
is the bestExile
Exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store in Richmond!
punk store Exile
Exile punk store
I have been shopping there for over six years now.
shopping for over six years I
for over six years I shopping
I for over six years shopping
The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and the owner, Mimmy, is an absolute angel.
is incredibly friendly The staff
The staff is incredibly friendly
The mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe.
The mark up is minimal
is minimal The mark up
In addition, the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic, which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in Asia.
In additionof much better quality the clothing
the clothing of much better quality In addition
of much better quality the clothing In addition
Exile is environmentally conscious and involved heavily in our community.
Exile is environmentally conscious
is environmentally conscious Exile
Shop local at Exile!!
at ExileShop
Shop at Exile
Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr, but that doesn't impress me.
Buddakan the majority of its guests attracts simply because of its association with Steven Starr
simply because of its association with Steven Starrattracts the majority of its guests Buddakan
simply because of its association with Steven Starrattracts Buddakan the majority of its guests
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries.
The atmosphere deserves 4 stars
4 stars deserves The atmosphere
4 stars The atmosphere deserves
The server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers.
was knowledgeable The server we had
The server we had was knowledgeable
The angry lobster was completely over-priced!
The angry lobster was completely over-priced
was completely over-pricedThe angry lobster
$80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables!
I wouldn't go there again.
I go
go I
Alto delivers on all levels.
delivers Alto on all levels
delivers on all levelsAlto
Alto delivers on all levels
From the moment you enter the restaurant, you know you are some place special.
From the moment you enter the restaurantknow you
you know From the moment you enter the restaurant
know you From the moment you enter the restaurant
The service is impeccable, and the food is even better.
is impeccableThe service
The service is impeccable
I highly recommend the four-course tasting menu, which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetite.
recommend I the four-course tasting menu, which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetite
the four-course tasting menu, which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetiterecommend I
I the four-course tasting menu, which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetiterecommend
Also, if you are into wine, Alto has the depth of both region, varietal, and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier (or after 9pm, bring your own bottle for free...no corking fee!).
has Alto the depth of both region, varietal, and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier
has the depth of both region, varietal, and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier Alto
the depth of both region, varietal, and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier has Alto
While it's not cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget.
an experience you'll never forgetAlto give you
Alto you give an experience you'll never forget
an experience you'll never forgetyou give Alto
The landlord is not nice nor helpful
is not nice The landlord
The landlord is not nice
I have lived in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse for 2 years.
in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse I for 2 yearslived
in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse I lived for 2 years
for 2 yearslived in Buckingham Condominiums townhouse I
I love the location and the apartment!!
the location and the apartmentlove I
love the location and the apartmentI
the location and the apartmentI love
I'ma single female and I feel safe coming home at night.
'ma single female I
I'ma single female
The maintenance people are AWESOME!!!!
are AWESOMEThe maintenance people
The maintenance people are AWESOME
And the exterminator is very nice, also.
the exterminator is very nice
is very nicethe exterminator
Yes, you still have a few bugs, but that's going to be anywhere you go!
have you a few bugs
you have a few bugs
you a few bugshave
The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord.
The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord
is the landlordThe only problem that I have experienced
She is a pure b****!!!
is a pure b****She
She is a pure b****
I know that's ugly...but she won't help you out for anything...sad story.
I know
know I
Other than that, I would recommend living here. :)
Other than thatI recommend
I Other than thatrecommend
I recommend Other than that
The staff leaves a lot to be desired.
The staff a lot to be desiredleaves
The staff leaves a lot to be desired
a lot to be desiredThe staff leaves
The front staff has seen quite a bit of turnover and changed from professional to rude.
The front staff seen quite a bit of turnover
seen quite a bit of turnover The front staff
seen The front staff quite a bit of turnover
A simple follow-up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare.
into a nightmareA simple follow-up phone call with a woman turned
into a nightmareturned A simple follow-up phone call with a woman
turned A simple follow-up phone call with a woman into a nightmare
She may be the reason for all the change.
She be the reason
be the reason She
I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice.
wonder I
I wonder
If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him.
it is a poor reflection
is a poor reflection it
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor.
He was an okay doctor but not worth her.
was an okay doctor He
He was an okay doctor
WWW-Wonderful Wild Wildernest inn
I would give the Wildernest inn ten stars of five!
the Wildernest inn ten stars of fiveI give
I give ten stars of fivethe Wildernest inn
I the Wildernest inn ten stars of fivegive
Atop Spring Mountain, from the decks of the West porch, "one can see forever" a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur.
Atop Spring Mountainone from the decks of the West porchsee a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur
one a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeursee from the decks of the West porchAtop Spring Mountain
a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeursee one Atop Spring Mountainfrom the decks of the West porch
I saw deer frequently, in fact a small herd were grazing near the lodge.
saw deer I
deer I saw
saw I deer
There were occasional bears on the deck in the morning.
in the morningwere on the deck occasional bears
occasional bears were on the deck in the morning
were occasional bears in the morningon the deck
and most correctly, us visitors did not mingle with the native wildlife.
mingle with the native wildlifeus visitors
with the native wildlifemingle us visitors
us visitors with the native wildlifemingle
It would have been more than one could bear!
been more It
It been more
Kathy and Stewart, the proprietors were the epitome of perfection.
were the epitome Kathy and Stewart, the proprietors
Kathy and Stewart, the proprietors were the epitome
Delightful, hospitable, superb,cozy and comfortable.
I hope to be back!
I hope
hope I
junkie lube?!
really weird place, I was driving home from work thought I'd stop in for an oil change and well, there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms sitting at the table drinking beers and shooting the breeze.
The neon lighting sign still said "on" yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch, more like the drunkest of the bunch told me they'd be open tomorrow.
The neon lighting sign said
said The neon lighting sign
I asked if a manager was on duty he told me he was.
I asked
asked I
WOW!
grey shirt "mark" of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someonelses clothing.....
A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here.
took our 16 and 18 month olds A friend and I
A friend and I took our 16 and 18 month olds
took A friend and I our 16 and 18 month olds
While there wasn't too much available for their age (ball pit, bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on), we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter weekday and ended up being the only ones there, so we were given a little more liberty than we would have if others had been there.
we went
went we
It's not the classiest place, but it was cleaner than I expected and the staff was very friendly.
's not the classiest placeIt
It's not the classiest place
For $4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler.
was a nice break it For $4
For $4 it was a nice break
it was a nice break For $4
Restored my faith in Mechaincs.
my faith in MechaincsRestored
Restored my faith in Mechaincs
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should.
I spent 3 months
spent 3 months I
3 months spent I
I was about to give up when I met Jason and Neal.
give up I
I give up
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more.
They the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and moretook on
took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and moreThey
the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and moreThey took on
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning.
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty
went The crew at The Creative Workshop over and above the call of duty
over and above the call of duty The crew at The Creative Workshop went
I cannot say enough about this place.
enough say I about this place
about this placeenough I say
say enough about this placeI
They have restored my faith in Mechanics.
my faith in MechanicsThey restored
They my faith in Mechanicsrestored
restored They my faith in Mechanics
Do yourself a favor, call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again..
Do a favoryourself
a favoryourself Do
yourself Do a favor
a great vacation!
We wanted to see the sun - and we also got much more!
We wanted
wanted We
Excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts.
After a train ride over the mountains, we enjoyed hiking in the flower-filled Wenatchee hills (in May) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River...and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the evening....
hiking in the flower-filled Wenatchee hills (in May) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River...and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the eveningAfter a train ride over the mountainsenjoyed we
enjoyed hiking in the flower-filled Wenatchee hills (in May) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River...and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the eveningAfter a train ride over the mountainswe
enjoyed hiking in the flower-filled Wenatchee hills (in May) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River...and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the eveningwe After a train ride over the mountains
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant, which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need, and I'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable.
is a busy group This
This is a busy group
OMG.. make sure to book a reservation, as this magical place is packed (in a nice way) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food.
The waiters are like no other...
like no otherThe waiters
The waiters like no other
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75% tip, and it was worht every penny..
My waiter was so excellent
was so excellent My waiter
The food was finger licking the bowel fantastic..
was finger licking the bowel fantasticThe food
The food was finger licking the bowel fantastic
I just discovered her has a place right near my work ( Color me Phat) If you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and service in the valley Giovanni Ristorante should be your number 1 + 2 choice.
discovered I
I discovered
Holly is truely the best hairstylist!
is truely the best hairstylistHolly
Holly is truely the best hairstylist
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years, and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here.
for many yearsI lived in the UTC La Jolla area
I lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years
in the UTC La Jolla area lived I for many years
I was very pleased with my experience here.
I with my experience herewas very pleased
with my experience herewas very pleased I
was very pleased with my experience hereI
All of the people were friendly and welcoming.
were friendly All of the people
All of the people were friendly
I got highlights, haircut, and a blowdry.
highlights, haircut, and a blowdryI got
got I highlights, haircut, and a blowdry
I got highlights, haircut, and a blowdry
She did a great job!
a great jobShe did
did a great jobShe
She a great jobdid
Holly is very experienced and talented, and I could tell she new what she was doing right off the bat.
Holly is very experienced
is very experienced Holly
My hair looks amazing, and I get compliments all the time.
looks My hair
My hair looks
I deffenitly reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone.
to anyonereccomend this salon and Holly I
to anyonethis salon and Holly reccomend I
to anyonereccomend I this salon and Holly
You will not be disappointed!!!!!!
You disappointed
disappointedYou
Outdated but not bad
So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern.
felt I
I felt
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels.
listed It
It listed
The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together.
The family suite was basically two rooms
was basically two rooms The family suite
If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair don't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else.
say I
I say
Great, and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville.
I was born and raised in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian, Jamaican, etc) population.
born I in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian, Jamaican, etc) population
in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian, Jamaican, etc) populationborn I
I born in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian, Jamaican, etc) population
So huge in fact, that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references, and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria.
in fact, huge
huge in fact,
Anyway, I was practically raised on this stuff, and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine, Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette.
raised on this stuffI
on this stuffraised I
raised I on this stuff
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper.
a whole lot of pepperAll you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican foodis add
a whole lot of pepperis add All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food
is add All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican fooda whole lot of pepper
Alot.
The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen.
I felt like I was in heaven when I walked through the majestic fields of this particular farm.
felt I
I felt
The trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was astounding.
The trees in magnificent shape
in magnificent shape The trees
The owners were entertaining and gracious.
The owners were entertaining
were entertaining The owners
I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love of all animals.
the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love of all animalsI liked
liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love of all animalsI
I the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love of all animalsliked
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too.
is one This
This is one
I would call it the Taj Mahal of the east coast!
call it I
it call I
call I it
It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owners advice I invested vanguard, got myself a woman like Jerry, and became a republican.
hair on my chest It put
It hair put on my chest
put It hair on my chest
Thanks Tussey Mountain Tree Plantation!
Pho-nomenal!!
nomenalPho
Phonomenal
I have been eating Pho for almost my entire life and I've always gone to the Pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown, but when i tried this pho place, it blew the other pho houses away!!
eating for almost my entire life I Pho
for almost my entire life Pho I eating
I for almost my entire life eating Pho
all of the pho places taste the same to me, so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price.
the same taste to meall of the pho places
the same all of the pho places taste to me
the same taste all of the pho places to me
The service here is incredible compared to the other places.
is incredible compared to the other placesThe service here
is incredible The service here compared to the other places
compared to the other placesThe service here is incredible
the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in finding parking in chinatown.
the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty
is the difficulty the only down fall of this pho house
remember to bring cash since they don't take debit or credit.
hope this helps!!
Had a horrible experience with a manager here, Rachel McInnis, she was rude, inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly...
Had a horrible experience with a manager here, Rachel McInnis
a horrible experience with a manager here, Rachel McInnisHad
I'm not interested in shopping in a place with people like her... she refused to sell me the item at its marked price even after admitting they had made a mistake.
'm not interested I
I'm not interested
I normally don't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished, upscale place to shop, this one won't be getting my business, nor my family's, nor my co-workers.
reviews I write
write reviews I
reviews write I
It's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy, especially when they are right.
It's never ok
's never ok It
Highly Recommend
I work as a Transformational Life Coach.
I work as a Transformational Life Coach
work as a Transformational Life CoachI
I as a Transformational Life Coachwork
Since this is an alternative therapy I always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when I feel that is appropriate.
clients refer I to a lisenced therapist
clients I refer to a lisenced therapist
to a lisenced therapist clients refer I
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide.
through a colleague I her found one day
her found one day I through a colleague
through a colleague her found one day I
Little did I know that I would soon be needing her help as well!
I know
know I
She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member's suicide, coupled with elder abuse.
me She through a very difficult period dealing with a family member's suicide, coupled with elder abuseguided
She through a very difficult period dealing with a family member's suicide, coupled with elder abuseme guided
through a very difficult period dealing with a family member's suicide, coupled with elder abuseme She guided
I found her to be extremely solid, kind, compassionate, and intuitive as well.
her I found
I her found
found I her
I would recommend her highly!
I recommend her
I her recommend
recommend I her
They won't have a second chance from me.
a second chance have They from me
from mehave They a second chance
a second chance from meThey have
First, let me state that although I live in NYC, I am not from NYC, I don't care about baseball and I absolutely love Boston to death (so beautiful, so clean, so awesome).
let me
me let
That said, I hated this restaurant.
I hated this restaurant
this restaurantI hated
this restauranthated I
The service was just about as good as I'd get in NYC (that means it was poor) and the food was almost mediocre.
The service was just about as good
was just about as good The service
The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality.
The decor a lot to be desired left
a lot to be desired The decor left
left a lot to be desired The decor
Personally I recommend you take your money elsewhere
recommend I
I recommend
When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11, I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager, Gustavo Guerra, in a very friendly and professional manner.
greeted in a very friendly and professional mannerI by the Sales Manager, Gustavo Guerra
I greeted in a very friendly and professional mannerby the Sales Manager, Gustavo Guerra
greeted by the Sales Manager, Gustavo GuerraI in a very friendly and professional manner
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda.
explained to him I what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda
what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman HondaI explained to him
Bramen Honda was a bit of a hassle.
Bramen Honda was a bit
was a bit Bramen Honda
He told me "no problem, we will match the offer or do better."
He told me
told me He
me told He
Mr. Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems.
me gave Mr. Guerra a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems
a better deal Mr. Guerra gave without any hassles nor any type of problemsme
a better deal gave Mr. Guerra without any hassles nor any type of problemsme
Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the world.
Brickell Honda buying experience
buying experience Brickell Honda
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus!!!
urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents I
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents
urge I all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents
Excellent customer service!!!
Great, Honest Service
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold.
my 2001 Nissan Frontier took I
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier
I my 2001 Nissan Frontier took
The dealer wanted $1300 to fix that and another $1500 to fix some other things.
wanted The dealer $1300 to fix that and another $1500 to fix some other things
The dealer $1300 to fix that and another $1500 to fix some other thingswanted
The dealer wanted $1300 to fix that and another $1500 to fix some other things
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $400!!
determined Eagle Transmission
Eagle Transmission determined
I was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission!
was so impressed I with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission
was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle TransmissionI
with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle TransmissionI was so impressed
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon.
I have finally found a mechanic I trust!!
a mechanic I trustI found
found I a mechanic I trust
a mechanic I trustfound I
And it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus!!
Dr. Shady
Kelly hit the nail on the head.
the nail hit Kelly on the head
the nail Kelly hit on the head
Kelly hit on the headthe nail
"Dr. Shady" is a jerk.
"Dr. Shady" is a jerk
is a jerk"Dr. Shady"
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit, I will not be returning!!
returningI After the way she spoke to me on my last visit
After the way she spoke to me on my last visitI returning
returningAfter the way she spoke to me on my last visitI
Good luck keeping business with that stuck up attitude Dr. Shady.
You have just lost mine.
minelost You
lost You mine
You minelost
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be me!!!!!!
The next time you feel like being condescending to someoneit going
going The next time you feel like being condescending to someoneit
it going The next time you feel like being condescending to someone
Dr. Shady is inexperienced and prideful.
is inexperienced Dr. Shady
Dr. Shady is inexperienced
She probably does not even have 10% of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area.
10% of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this areahave She
have She 10% of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area
She 10% of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this areahave
I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else.
I vets researching
I researching vets
researching vets I
Beautifully written reviews Doctor, but completely UNTRUE.
Poor Experience
I did not have a good experience w/ Dr. Ghassemlou.
have a good experience w/ Dr. GhassemlouI
I a good experience w/ Dr. Ghassemlouhave
I have a good experience w/ Dr. Ghassemlou
During the session, he demanded to have my physical address, which I've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program.
During the sessiondemanded he
he demanded During the session
demanded he During the session
I believe he is correct in that he needs my physical address for legal reasons, however, he did not adequately explain this during our session.
believe I
I believe
I learned more about this doing my own research afterward.
I more about this learned
learned more about this I
more about this learned I
I think he could've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts.
think I
I think
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful.
It's pretty combative actually.
It's pretty combative
's pretty combative It
you'll love it
love youit
youlove it
love it you
I have had my back fused in 2 places.
had I my back
my back had I
I my back had
I wish that I hadn't done this.
I wish
wish I
With these fusions, chiropractric isn't as successful, but it still is very helpful.
isn't as successfulchiropractric With these fusions
chiropractric isn't as successfulWith these fusions
With these fusionsisn't as successfulchiropractric
Even after my fusions, my back continued to hurt, but now it doesn't hurt any more.
Even after my fusionscontinued my back
continued my back Even after my fusions
continued Even after my fusionsmy back
I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery, to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros.
anyone who is thinking of back surgeryencourage I
I encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery
I anyone who is thinking of back surgeryencourage
He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly.
He knows
knows He
You can see different treatments that a surgeon can't see, so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do.
You different treatments that a surgeon can't seesee
see You different treatments that a surgeon can't see
see different treatments that a surgeon can't seeYou
Unbelievably huge experience for such a small salon!!!
I have been to Kim at Cheveux for more than five years.
to Kim for more than five yearsI
I to Kim for more than five years
I for more than five yearsto Kim
I cannot tell you how often I am complimented on my hair (style AND color)!
you tell I
you I tell
I tell you
I regularly request Kim's business cards as I am often stopped on the street and asked "Who does your hair...I LOVE it!!!"
I Kim's business cards request
Kim's business cards request I
request Kim's business cards I
Quaint, lovely, small salon with BIG personality.
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience.
made I
I made
My hair has never felt this healthy, either.
My hair felt
felt My hair
I cannot recommend this salon enough!!!
I this salon recommend
recommend this salon I
this salon I recommend
Thanks Cheveux!
My Favorite in McLean
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi.They are very nice, it is never crowded, and the food is wonderful, very delicious and fresh!
My family loves
loves My family
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront, and it is on a one-way street, but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded.
If you cannot park in the lot, then you can park in the shopping center's garage, and walk up to Endo Sushi.
park you in the shopping center's garage
you park in the shopping center's garage
park in the shopping center's garageyou
The service is fast.
The service is fast
is fastThe service
Be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you enjoyed your meal!
(it's by the door, on the hostess stand)
iton the hostess standby the door
on the hostess standitby the door
itby the dooron the hostess stand
Horrible Service!
I got yelled at, literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5-10 minutes late.
atyelled I
atI yelled
yelled atI
I explained that i was already on my way and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for work at 5am, but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gonna lock the doors right at 5:30.
explained I
I explained
Rude, unprofessional, just jerks.
Seems like all they care about is the money and getting home on time, NO care for the customers AT ALL!!!
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless.
a whole day of work Missed
Missed a whole day of work
I will NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR go to this place again.
I go to this place
to this place go I
go I to this place
Superb Arrangements
I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband's funeral flowers as they had been recommended to me.
for my late husband's funeral flowers I Fancy Flowers used
used for my late husband's funeral flowers I Fancy Flowers
used Fancy Flowers for my late husband's funeral flowers I
I am so glad that I called in to see Ana, she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me.
am so glad I
I am so glad
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all.
The flowers were all
were all The flowers
She is so talented, the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately, it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others.
She is so talented
is so talentedShe
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances.
you Ana Thank
Ana Thank you
Thank you Ana
Great first experience.
I'm 22, and my hairdresser was great (and not "old" like one of the reviews says) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to.
I'm 22
'm 22I
She deep conditioned my hair and took the time to style it properly.
She my hair conditioned
my hair conditioned She
my hair She conditioned
She recommended products but absolutely didn't pressure me to buy.
She recommended products
recommended She products
products She recommended
It's a cute place with a really friendly, laid-back atmosphere.
's a cute place It
It's a cute place
I would highly recommend it and will be going back for my next haircut.
it recommend I
I recommend it
it I recommend
Oh!
And students get $5 off, can't argue with that.
students get $5
get students $5
$5 get students
Smokers Haven
Yeah, this complex is not very good.
this complex is not very good
is not very goodthis complex
Our bathroom fan, one electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks have yet to be fixed.
Our bathroom fan, one electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks have
have Our bathroom fan, one electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up.
look Both bathrooms
Both bathrooms look
And non-smokers beware!!!
non-smokers beware
bewarenon-smokers
I think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers!
think I
I think
If you do not smoke, do not move here.
Our unit reeks of old cigarette smoke and it started to become apparent a few weeks after we moved in.
reeks of old cigarette smoke Our unit
reeks Our unit of old cigarette smoke
of old cigarette smoke reeks Our unit
You cannot walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night.
5 feet You walk
walk 5 feet You
walk You 5 feet
Great Sanwiches, Great Prices
I used to go here almost everyday since I work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches.
used I
I used
Chicken salad salad is great too.
is great Chicken salad salad
Chicken salad salad is great
Best of all, the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines, usually serve you in 5 minutes or less.
on their feet the staff is quick
is quick on their feet the staff
the staff on their feet is quick
For the quality, the prices ($4-$6) have to be the best in town.
have For the qualitythe prices ($4-$6)
For the qualityhave the prices ($4-$6)
For the qualitythe prices ($4-$6) have
The staff get to know regulars and do their job very well.
The staff get
get The staff
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality, but I certainly do.
Tourists like the other reviewer their efficiency or qualityappreciate
appreciate Tourists like the other reviewer their efficiency or quality
Tourists like the other reviewer appreciate their efficiency or quality
This isn'ta TGIF or Cafe, its a lunch sandwich place and a good one at that.
isn'ta TGIF This
This isn'ta TGIF
Rate a church?
a churchRate
Rate a church
Might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light.
the curb hotpot
hotpot the curb
It's a bloody church, for chrisssake!
Itfor chrisssake's a bloody church
for chrisssake's a bloody churchIt
's a bloody churchItfor chrisssake
Big, grey and imposing.
Go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure.
for a bit of churchy grandureGo on christian holidays
Go for a bit of churchy grandureon christian holidays
on christian holidays Go for a bit of churchy grandure
The pastor at this church is cool, I met him after some holiday service.
is coolThe pastor at this church
The pastor at this church is cool
He had a robe that was made back in the '60s.
a robe that was made back in the '60shad He
had He a robe that was made back in the '60s
He had a robe that was made back in the '60s
God was pleased with that one!
with that oneGod was pleased
was pleased with that oneGod
was pleased God with that one
It's historical for Sf, so when your aunte comes for a visit, take her there.
for Sf's historical It
's historical Itfor Sf
Itfor Sf's historical
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth (don't forget to tell 'em its really a 'pagen' thing!).
Great for the kiddies
for the kiddies Great
Stop by at least once or you'll go to heck!
ok but just becuse we where on a tight budget.
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs(my home team)vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series.
where in NJ me and my dad for a kc chiefs(my home team)vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series
where me and my dad for a kc chiefs(my home team)vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world seriesin NJ
where in NJ for a kc chiefs(my home team)vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world seriesme and my dad
i'ma red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won.
the knights inn was small very small.i mean 1 room in every room!it was cozy a little and a small tv.
was small the knights inn
the knights inn was small
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York.
a 2 day stay was a ok stay
was a ok stay a 2 day stay
but sice we almost just slept there i cant give that good of a review
give i that good of a review
i that good of a review give
that good of a review i give
It was a Saturday and my spring was broken...
It was a Saturday
was a Saturday It
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh-so pleasant and helpful!
I Garage Door Repair in Woodinville googled
Garage Door Repair in Woodinville I googled
Garage Door Repair in Woodinville googled I
She sort of appologized for Dan taking the day off to go skiing - but he could do the repair on Sunday!
She appologized
appologized She
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10am to make the repair.
I said
said I
I enjoyed speaking with Dan, and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors.
enjoyed I
I enjoyed
The repair went quickly and the price was extremely fair.
went The repair
The repair went
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbors.
NDI I recommend
recommend NDI I
NDI recommend I
Thanks Dan and Johnette for your responsiveness and professional service.
Roger M., Woodinville
I wouldn't send my dogs there.
send my dogs I
my dogs send I
my dogs I send
I had a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010.
a conversation with the woman running this place had in April 2010I
had in April 2010a conversation with the woman running this place I
a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010I had
She basically said if the children getting off the bus aren't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets.
said She
She said
Wow, really?
With all the child predators out there, a busy road, cars speeding by...... and you are going to let some 4/5 year olds wonder around cause you're money hungry?
With going
going With
REAL CHRISTIAN OF YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OF YOUCHRISTIAN
CHRISTIAN OF YOU
Whether they pay me or not, if their parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WASN'T PAID.
IS THE LAST THING I WOULD DO
THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS
Excellent service
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price, but I go to the Garment District for their service.
I to Nordstrom go for my designer jeans
to Nordstrom I for my designer jeans go
for my designer jeans I go to Nordstrom
Previous reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that, but I find the staff more helpful than anything else.
said Previous reviewers
Previous reviewers said
Tiffany is fabulous!
is fabulousTiffany
Tiffany is fabulous
I came in for alterations (free, by the way) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse.
I for alterations (free, by the way) came
came I for alterations (free, by the way)
for alterations (free, by the way) came I
She immediately went to the back, brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot.
to the backwent She
She went to the back
to the backShe went
I didn't even buy the bag there!
the bag I buy
buy I the bag
I the bag buy
Huge selection and, great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they don't have what you need.
We were expecting a great experience, when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts.
We a great experienceexpecting
We expecting a great experience
a great experienceWe expecting
The atmosphere was nice and very clean.
was nice The atmosphere
The atmosphere was nice
The menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters.
plenty of options had even for picky eatersThe menu
had The menu even for picky eatersplenty of options
The menu even for picky eatershad plenty of options
The service was ok, our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times.
The service was ok
was okThe service
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde, it was completly flavorless.
tried we the guacamole and salsa verde
we tried the guacamole and salsa verde
the guacamole and salsa verdewe tried
We should have left then.
We left
left We
We orderd our meals anyway, chimichangas,jalapeno borritos, and quesadillas.
orderd We our meals
our meals orderd We
We our meals orderd
Everything was bland, completely void of any spice or flavor.
was blandEverything
Everything was bland
We have never had mexican food this bad, it was just simply gross.
mexican food this badWe had
had We mexican food this bad
mexican food this badhad We
Hopefully they spice things up or they wont be in business long.
I recommend La Hacienda
recommend La Hacienda I
I recommend La Hacienda
La Hacienda recommend I
Might try again
Pros: * Jill, the owner, is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection, I like!
Don't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides.
Cons: * Server wasn't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time, took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating.
Half the tables and bar were empty by this point.
by this pointHalf the tables and bar were empty
Half the tables and bar were empty by this point
were empty by this pointHalf the tables and bar
Other Thoughts: Will try this place again.
There must be a reason so many people like it there.
a reason so many people like it therebe
be a reason so many people like it there
Their Club sandwich looks tasty, maybe that'll change my mind.... and a different server.
looks Their Club sandwich
Their Club sandwich looks
very professional / very helpful
the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly and helpful.
the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly
were very friendly the people at Fidelity Leasing
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs.
looking for a car i
looking i for a car
for a car looking i
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale.
they seemed
seemed they
my experience with them was great - low stress, very helpful and very personal.
my experience with them was great
was great my experience with them
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible.
they the time took
the time they took
took they the time
from start to finish they were top notch.
to finish from start they top notch
top notchfrom start to finish they
to finish top notchfrom start they
i would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car.
i recommend
recommend i
This insurance co. Is a joke !!!
Is a joke This insurance co.
This insurance co. Is a joke
They have absolutely no communication skills whatsoever .
They have absolutely no communication skills whatsoever
They absolutely no communication skills whatsoever have
have They absolutely no communication skills whatsoever
if you don't mind being robbed ,cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .
this is the company
is the company this
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .
They make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves
make They every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves
make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves They
They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .
in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation make up excuses They
in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation excuses make up They
excuses make up They in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation
as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household ?
they payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy as an example took
payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy as an example they took
they as an example payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy took
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?
I on four separate occasions the request provided
on four separate occasions I provided the request
I on four separate occasions provided the request
Ifa is an acronym for Im a F%#king Assh@%$e !!!
is an acronym Ifa
Ifa is an acronym
Fantastic Service!
I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires, alignment and state inspection done yesterday.
I been here for oil changes a few times
a few times I for oil changes been here
I a few times been here for oil changes
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage.
it shopped I
shopped I it
I shopped it
It also came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires!
with free balance and rotation for the life of the tirescame It
came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tiresIt
It with free balance and rotation for the life of the tirescame
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride.
Great service, great pricing and SUPER CONVENIENT!
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need.
feel I
I feel
Love my home at Creekside
my home at Creekside Love
Love my home at Creekside
I moved to Creekside Apartments in August 2008 with a 6-month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months!
I moved in August 2008 with a 6-month lease to Creekside Apartments
to Creekside Apartments in August 2008 I with a 6-month lease moved
in August 2008 moved I with a 6-month lease to Creekside Apartments
The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff, esp. Edwin, are just wonderful.
are just wonderfulThe management from Julie and Janice to the work staff, esp. Edwin
The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff, esp. Edwinare just wonderful
They have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked for help.
been extremely helpful They
They been extremely helpful
Although the apartments are facing Stokes Street and close to the Bascom Light Rail, the location is surprisingly quiet.
the location is surprisingly quiet
is surprisingly quietthe location
I have never had any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety.
had I any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety
I any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safetyhad
any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safetyhad I
The apartments are within walking distance to Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, and other stores.
The apartments walking distance
walking distance The apartments
The well-equipped, clean gym is a plus!
is a plusThe well-equipped, clean gym
The well-equipped, clean gym is a plus
Great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose!
I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel.
several contractors interviewed I for a kitchen remodel
several contractors for a kitchen remodelinterviewed I
I for a kitchen remodelseveral contractors interviewed
Liberty construction shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these certificates that say we're great".
Liberty construction shows up
shows up Liberty construction
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted, all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there.
feel I
I feel
Very high pressured sales and with the reviews of many others bad service.
I'm glad I trusted my gut and didn't get sucked into doing business with them.
'm glad I
I'm glad
Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right.
someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job rightFind
Find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right
Don't waste your time or money!
waste your time or money
your time or moneywaste
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest, apart from the shark walkway, I thought it was rubbish and overpriced.
at the weekend I my 3 year old son took
I took my 3 year old son at the weekend
at the weekend took my 3 year old son I
Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round, it took us just over one hour start to finish.
us took just over one hour it start to finish
just over one hour it start to finishtook us
start to finishit us took just over one hour
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this.
with thisbother I
I bother with this
bother with thisI
If you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of £30 for 2 two people then go for it.
for itgo
go for it
(For some reason itwill not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me!)
let itme For some reason
For some reason itme let
For some reason let itme
Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson enough.
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson.
a severe phobia of attending the dentist I had
had I a severe phobia of attending the dentist
a severe phobia of attending the dentist had I
He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free.
at ease He put me
He at ease me put
He put at ease me
My previous apprehension has been dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due!
My previous apprehension dismissed
dismissed My previous apprehension
In addition to the core treatment, Dr Nelson has impressed me further with his concern and interest in the well-being of his patients – his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient.
with his concern and interest in the well-being of his patients – his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patientDr Nelson impressed me In addition to the core treatment
Dr Nelson impressed me with his concern and interest in the well-being of his patients – his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patientIn addition to the core treatment
impressed Dr Nelson me with his concern and interest in the well-being of his patients – his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patientIn addition to the core treatment
He is always prepared to go the extra mile to ensure that any patient discomfort is dealt with immediately –
He is always prepared
is always prepared He
Pam Gillies
Best Salsa (hehehe)
After my trees were cleaned up, they gave me a jar of salsa.
a jar of salsame they gave
they gave me a jar of salsa
they gave a jar of salsame
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was right.
me The owner warned
me warned The owner
warned The owner me
No joke!
I hate to say check them out just for the salsa, but James, I NEED another jar badly :) All kidding aside, they are a very good company, I have a hard time giving any service biz a 5 star review but they came close.
I hate
hate I
Very affordable (don't call it cheap) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when I got home from work.
And the salsa, be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around, you will need them.....
Dr. Mann killed our pet
killed Dr. Mann our pet
killed our pet Dr. Mann
our pet killed Dr. Mann
Yea, Dr. Mann ain't so great.
Dr. Mann ain't so great
ain't so greatDr. Mann
We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead.
We our beloved kitty took to him
our beloved kitty to him took We
We took to him our beloved kitty
We live in the sub-division around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets goto Dr. Mann for surgical procedures and came back dead.
in the sub-division around the corner We live
We live in the sub-division around the corner
live in the sub-division around the corner We
If you take him here for shots, no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again.
Oh, they also charged me for the procedure ($250) AND had the audacity to charge me a $25 'DISPOSAL' fee.
charged they ($250) for the procedure me
they me charged for the procedure ($250)
for the procedure they me charged ($250)
They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee.
itemized as a DISPOSAL feeThey it
They it itemized as a DISPOSAL fee
They itemized as a DISPOSAL feeit
AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS
AT ALL COSTSAVOID
One of the worst places
This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places to order from.
are the worst places This place and its sister store Peking Garden
This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places
the food was horrible not cooked like it should be, they got the order wrong on a number of occasions, and once forgot about my order.
the food was horrible
was horrible the food
i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady (who claimed to be a manager) said my food was on the way, and she didnt offer to compensate me in any kind of way.
had i
i had
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold.
another 30 mins waited i
waited another 30 mins i
waited i another 30 mins
in my opinon this place should be shut down by the health inspector, and anyone who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real asian restaurant.
shut down this place by the health inspectorin my opinon
in my opinon by the health inspectorthis place shut down
by the health inspectorthis place in my opinon shut down
Gone downhill since change in ownership
Gone since change in ownership
since change in ownership Gone
Sigh.
I used to LOVE this place.
I used
used I
But now that they are part of a chain, service has slipped.
service slipped
slippedservice
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them, they lost my car key.
at BNA waiting for my pickups I
for my pickups waiting I at BNA
waiting for my pickups at BNA I
Lucky I had a spare with me!
To date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one.
they To date made
made To date they
To date made they
(These new car keys are EXPENSIVE to copy, you can't just go to WalMart.)
are EXPENSIVE These new car keys
These new car keys are EXPENSIVE
Go to the website for coupons and join the club -you can get free parking.
for coupons to the website Go
to the website for coupons Go
Go to the website for coupons
However, with BNA offering one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility, it may be cheaper to park at BNA.
it be cheaper
be cheaper it
Wife and I attempted to adopt a dog and was nothing but frustrating.
Wife and I attempted
attempted Wife and I
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked.
Sunday at about 230 We arrived
arrived We at about 230 Sunday
arrived Sunday at about 230 We
We were told that we couldn't today because they were closing soon.
told We
We told
I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in.
the next morning called I
called the next morning I
called I the next morning
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit.
me gave the run around and missing paperwork They
gave They the run around and missing paperwork me
the run around and missing paperwork They gave me
I work 2 hours away but offered my card over the phone.
work I
I work
They refused.
refusedThey
They refused
Terrible communication as well.
At one point they told me the dog had been fixed, the next day it hadn't.
At one point they told me
At one point told me they
told At one point me they
Huge ammount of time wasted time and elevated blood pressure.
College is a Joke and the Salon is a JOKE!
College is a Joke
is a Joke College
Went to the school here OVER PRICED!!!!!!
Went to the school here
to the school here Went
You do NOT learn the things you were promised.
the things you were promisedlearn You
learn the things you were promisedYou
You the things you were promisedlearn
You have to bring in your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you dont then you can graduate!
have You
You have
Going back after graduating your told you get a discount on services nope you dont.
youtold
told you
Staff is under educated.
is under educatedStaff
Staff is under educated
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money.
you learn
learn you
Over priced for students to learn!
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon!!!
of the nail program Beware
Beware of the nail program
BEWARE!
You can fool people
people fool You
You people fool
fool You people
This store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising.
is proof This store
This store is proof
They convince lots of people that they are a great store, when in fact they are a very average place at best, they are just another big box store like the others.
They lots of people convince
convince lots of people They
lots of people convince They
They offer sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about return items, and on and on.
They offer sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about return items, and on and on
offer sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about return items, and on and onThey
sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about return items, and on and onoffer They
With higher than average prices to boot!
bootWith higher than average prices
With higher than average prices boot
So don't get taken in, keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here.
On the other hand, the Richmond Ukrops chain is known for its charity work, its community action, and its interest in the public welfare.
known for its charity work, its community action, and its interest in the public welfarethe Richmond Ukrops chain On the other hand
for its charity work, its community action, and its interest in the public welfarethe Richmond Ukrops chain known On the other hand
the Richmond Ukrops chain for its charity work, its community action, and its interest in the public welfareknown On the other hand
Never again
Don't go here unless you want to sit,order,eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes.
You won't even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table.
time to read the entire menu before being asked to order You have
have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order You
You time to read the entire menu before being asked to order have
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting.
is the only place This
This is the only place
I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it.
told I
I told
Oh, and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas.
their liquor license was expired
was expired their liquor license
Plus the drinks are self service, have fun trying to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get your coffee, juice or water.
the drinks self service
self servicethe drinks
Go next door to the Ball Square Cafe instead.
next door to the Ball Square Cafe Go
Go next door to the Ball Square Cafe
to the Ball Square Cafe Go next door
I guess you get what you pay for.
I guess
guess I
I tried to stay here for a few nights with my girlfriend, so we asked for a single queen bed.
I tried
tried I
We got there, and we were treated to the free "upgrade" of a room with two double beds.
got We
We got
Since they consider this an upgrade, they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room.
they their other rooms let
let they their other rooms
their other rooms they let
Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door....right next to the ice machine.
put we in a room with a huge gap under the door....right next to the ice machine
put in a room with a huge gap under the door....right next to the ice machinewe
in a room with a huge gap under the door....right next to the ice machineput we
We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room.
We every single thing that happened outside hear
hear every single thing that happened outside We
hear We every single thing that happened outside
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not receive the single queen we had "reserved"
they our roommoved
our roommoved they
moved our roomthey
I was thoroughly impressed!
I was thoroughly impressed
was thoroughly impressedI
I had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apart.
I had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apart
a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apartI had
had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apartI
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they weren't the cheapest I found but very reasonable.
I called a few different businesses in the area
a few different businesses in the area called I
I a few different businesses in the area called
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures.
is The best part
The best part is
They had the work done in about half the time quoted which made me and my wife extremely happy.
They in about half the time quoted had the work
had in about half the time quoted They the work
They the work had in about half the time quoted
We have had nothing but compliments on our bathroom when guest come over- who would have guessed that one?
nothing but compliments on our bathroom We had
had nothing but compliments on our bathroom We
We had nothing but compliments on our bathroom
Very nice work and friendly guys too.
Best money I've spent on remodeling ever.
I highly recommend any one considering home repair to give these guys a call.
recommend I any one considering home repair
any one considering home repair I recommend
recommend any one considering home repair I
New training Centre is excellent
is excellent New training Centre
New training Centre is excellent
The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull.
moved The Award Dance Centre to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hullfrom its Holderness Road site
moved to a new complex on Chamberlain Road HullThe Award Dance Centre from its Holderness Road site
to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hullfrom its Holderness Road site The Award Dance Centre moved
The new Centre has 4 studios planned and now boasts the largest single dance floor area in Kingston upon Hull.
has 4 studios planned The new Centre
4 studios planned The new Centre has
4 studios planned has The new Centre
The classes cover all age and skill ranges, with BALLROOM, LATIN, SEQUENCE, STREET, DISCO, LINE DANCING, BALLET, TAP & JAZZ.
with BALLROOM, LATIN, SEQUENCE, STREET, DISCO, LINE DANCING, BALLET, TAP & JAZZThe classes cover all age and skill ranges
The classes all age and skill rangescover with BALLROOM, LATIN, SEQUENCE, STREET, DISCO, LINE DANCING, BALLET, TAP & JAZZ
with BALLROOM, LATIN, SEQUENCE, STREET, DISCO, LINE DANCING, BALLET, TAP & JAZZcover The classes all age and skill ranges
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening....
for over a year attended We A Ward Dance Centre
for over a year attended A Ward Dance Centre We
A Ward Dance Centre We for over a year attended
It is not really possible to score this school too highly, We would give it 12 out of 10 and 5 Stars across the board Steve & Anne
I purchased a 2-year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership.
a 2-year old certified pre-owned BMW I purchased from this dealership
a 2-year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealershipI purchased
purchased I from this dealershipa 2-year old certified pre-owned BMW
The night I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage.
found The night I drove back homeI
The night I drove back homeI found
found I The night I drove back home
(You can hear the wind while driving on highway.
You the wind hear
the wind You hear
the wind hear You
Very likely it needs a new window seal).
I admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test drive.
admit I
I admit
(But this is a certified car from a dealer.)
this is a certified car
is a certified car this
So I brought the car back the second day.
the car I brought the second day
brought I the second daythe car
I brought the second daythe car
They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $175 just to diagnose the problem!
They told me
told They me
They me told
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing.
knows Who
Who knows
I walked away.
I walked
walked I
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER.
is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALERmy advice
THIS DEALERis that NEVER TRUST my advice
my advice THIS DEALERis that NEVER TRUST
STAY AWAY AS FAR AS POSSIBLE.
Perfect Practice
After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish.
from start to finishthey a slick and professional service provided
from start to finisha slick and professional service provided they
they from start to finishprovided a slick and professional service
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself, putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process, both initially and then as we went along.
from the receptionist to the surgeon herselfwas friendly Everyone
from the receptionist to the surgeon herselfEveryone was friendly
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them.
Surgery visit timings made
made Surgery visit timings
The surgery itself is slick, modern and very relaxed and I always felt that I was in capable hands.
The surgery itself is slick
is slickThe surgery itself
My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established.
is clearly a dental perfectionist My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols
My dental surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist
Everyone was so helpful that I cannot wait to go back .....
was so helpful Everyone
Everyone was so helpful
Wonderful service for large group
I had my wedding luncheon at this BJs restaurant, and it was one of the best choices that I made.
had my wedding luncheon at this BJs restaurantI
had at this BJs restaurantmy wedding luncheon I
at this BJs restaurantI my wedding luncheon had
It was a great deal--we paid a certain amount per person, and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted.
was a great dealIt
It was a great deal
We were also served salad and soda.
We salad and sodaserved
salad and sodaWe served
served We salad and soda
We had a large party, about fifty people or so, and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time.
had a large party, about fifty people or soWe
We had a large party, about fifty people or so
We a large party, about fifty people or sohad
Even though we were only supposed to have those specific types of pizza, when guests asked for a different type, it was brought out with no charge to us!
it brought with no charge to us
with no charge to usbrought it
with no charge to usit brought
I really appreciate BJs for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service.
BJs appreciate I
BJs I appreciate
appreciate BJs I
I went to ohm after reading some of the reviews.
I went to ohm
to ohm went I
I to ohm went
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut.
in the area go I to school
go in the area to school I
go I to school in the area
I decided it was time to grow up and made an appointment.
decided I
I decided
Sierra was my stylist and i love what she did.
was my stylist Sierra
Sierra was my stylist
I have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style.
I have wavy hair
wavy hair I have
have wavy hair I
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly.
was the first time It
It was the first time
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state.
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home.
a fabulous job did she
she a fabulous job did
a fabulous job she did
It wasn't completly impossible!!!!
wasn't completly impossibleIt
It wasn't completly impossible
I am definitely going back
going I
I going
After recently relocating to South Bend, we were looking for a delicious, fun, yet elegant establishment for New Years Eve dinner.
for a delicious, fun, yet elegant establishment for New Years Eve dinnerwe looking
for New Years Eve dinnerfor a delicious, fun, yet elegant establishment we looking
looking for a delicious, fun, yet elegant establishment we for New Years Eve dinner
We were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal, and accessibility to the Jazz Club.
were disappointed due to the overall flavor and price of the meal, and accessibility to the Jazz ClubWe with this holiday dinner
with this holiday dinner We due to the overall flavor and price of the meal, and accessibility to the Jazz Clubwere disappointed
with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal, and accessibility to the Jazz ClubWe were disappointed
The meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor, especially for being a special NYE menu.
was extremely overpriced The meal
The meal was extremely overpriced
The limited menu had few appetizing options and the NYE special packages were way overpriced.
had The limited menu few appetizing options
The limited menu few appetizing options had
had few appetizing options The limited menu
After our meal, our server found us a table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another $10/person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list.
us our server a table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another $10/person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink listAfter our mealfound
After our meala table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another $10/person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink listfound our server us
our server a table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another $10/person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink listAfter our mealus found
This was a less than impressive experience at Trio's.
This was a less than impressive experience
was a less than impressive experience This
Run for the hills ... you'll be much better off!
Run for the hills
for the hills Run
One night was too much.
One night was too much
was too muchOne night
First room had used tissues next to the bed and I requested it be rectified.
First room used tissues next to the bed had
had First room used tissues next to the bed
First room had used tissues next to the bed
I was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty, the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it, the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould.
moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty, the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it, the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mouldI
to another room around the back where the room was dirty, the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it, the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mouldmoved I
I moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty, the shower was dirty with other peoples hair in it, the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told "This is a Days Inn, not the Hilton" and the receptionist then hung up on me.
called reception I
I reception called
I called reception
To warn you to stay away from this place just isn't enough.
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned.
was one ounce of caring involved
one ounce of caring involved was
Grocery and Daily Needs Store
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software.
store on a dos based softwarerunning
store running on a dos based software
on a dos based softwarestore running
We were having a major problem in maintaining cash.
We having a major problem in maintaining cash
having a major problem in maintaining cashWe
having We a major problem in maintaining cash
Being a grocery shop, maintaining 5000 different products was a challenging job.
Managing POS counter without barcoding was really a tough time.
How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ?
overcome these issues FusionRetail
FusionRetail overcome these issues
these issues overcome FusionRetail
FusionRetail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way.
FusionRetail us helps
us helps FusionRetail
us FusionRetail helps
Usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale, purchase and returns was never easy before.
was never easy Usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale, purchase and returns
Usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale, purchase and returns was never easy
How long does it take to train new people at work ?
Billing takes 15 minutes and backoffice jobs takes 1 day's training How fast your support queries get answered ?
takes Billing 15 minutes
takes 15 minutes Billing
15 minutes takes Billing
Over telephone, immediate.
Over telephoneimmediate
immediateOver telephone
On call, it takes a day to get our issues resolved.
On calltakes a day
takes a day On call
a day On calltakes
Can't wait to go back!!!
This is by far the BEST B&B that we have ever stayed at!
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at.
We for a special event Santa Fe
for a special event Santa Fe We
We Santa Fe for a special event
We could not have been more welcomed, more comfortable or more well fed.
welcomedWe
We welcomed
The weekend was perfect in every way, in large part to Sue and her great staff.
The weekend in large part to Sue and her great staffwas perfect in every way
in every wayin large part to Sue and her great staffThe weekend was perfect
The weekend was perfect in large part to Sue and her great staffin every way
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well.
Everyone was so friendly
was so friendly Everyone
We can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great B&B...especially my 4 year old, who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the ladies, and has talked about them since we left!
We wait especially my 4 year old, who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the ladies, and has talked about them since we left
wait especially my 4 year old, who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the ladies, and has talked about them since we leftWe
especially my 4 year old, who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the ladies, and has talked about them since we leftWe wait
We would highly recommend the El Paradero on your next trip to Santa Fe!
recommend We the El Paradero on your next trip to Santa Fe
on your next trip to Santa Ferecommend the El Paradero We
on your next trip to Santa FeWe recommend the El Paradero
Disatisfied customer, I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their recommended vendors.
A&E came out, charged $129 fee just to walk in the door.
came A&E
A&E came
I needed a part for my appliance, the cost was very high so I said never mind, paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote.
needed I a part for my appliance
I a part for my applianceneeded
needed a part for my applianceI
The second vendor charged $55 (less than half of what A&E charges) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service (which A&E does not).
$55 (less than half of what A&E charges) The second vendor charged
charged $55 (less than half of what A&E charges) The second vendor
The second vendor $55 (less than half of what A&E charges) charged
Their quote came in at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part.
came Their quote at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part
at half the price of A&E for the same work and same partTheir quote came
Their quote came at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part
Seems to me like A&E charges way more than necessary!
Seems to me
to me Seems
Very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well, I thought that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work, obviously they do not!
disappointed in Kitchen Aid
in Kitchen Aid disappointed
Lovely Nails on Cayuga St. in Lewiston, NY
First let me start out by saying, that I have had very nice pedicures at Lovely Nails on Military Road.
let me
me let
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston, as I live in Youngstown.
was very excited I
I was very excited
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life.
I was in
was in I
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman.
four of us were
were four of us
I put my foot in the water and it was cool.
put in the water my foot I
put my foot in the water I
in the water my foot I put
He did warm it up.
He also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back.
hurt my toes He
He my toes hurt
hurt He my toes
If the pedicure lasted 20 mins., that was a stretch.
was a stretchthat
that was a stretch
The other ladies had a similar experience, both had nail polish on a couple of toes.
had a similar experienceThe other ladies
The other ladies a similar experiencehad
a similar experienceThe other ladies had
None of us will be using their services again, which is a shame.
None of us using their services
their services None of us using
using their services None of us
Good Service - Limited Results
Andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re: infertility.
about acupuncture re: infertilityAndrew was helpful
about acupuncture re: infertilitywas helpful Andrew
was helpful about acupuncture re: infertilityAndrew
He was willing to talk to me about my specific issues and develop a plan of action.
was willing He
He was willing
The office is shared with a foot doctor and it's very sterile and medical feeling, which I liked.
The office with a foot doctor shared
The office shared with a foot doctor
shared The office with a foot doctor
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients/doctors.
The down side was
was The down side
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs.
with Andrew I for 2 months worked
I with Andrew for 2 months worked
worked for 2 months I with Andrew
The sessions were nice and I felt relaxed after them but did not notice any changes with my cycles.
were nice The sessions
The sessions were nice
I know it can take awhile for results and didn't expect a miracle, but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost/time.
know I
I know
(I am also a little suspicious of all these glowing reviews...)
Friendly, clean and excellent location
The staff was very helpful, and gave us good advice on day and night time activities.
was very helpfulThe staff
The staff was very helpful
Common room was comfortable and clean, very good room to read or relax. –
Common room was comfortable
was comfortable Common room
A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30am; yummy fresh Parisian croissants.
Comfortable and clean beds, a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out, but we didn't mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out!
The location is really stellar!
is really stellarThe location
The location is really stellar
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping.
It to Gare
to Gare It
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza, Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market.
to bus lines for Opera Plaza, Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Marketis close It
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza, Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market
to bus lines for Opera Plaza, Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea MarketIt is close
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again.
enjoyed We our stay
our stay We enjoyed
enjoyed our stay We
Just Autos Thank you!
youThank
Thank you
Was fast and easy, Just had our car returned this morning, I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure.
They certainly know what they are doing.
know They
They know
The mechanic came to our place and sorted out our cars problems, he explained the problem and was very up front and honest, it was towed to the workshop as the gearbox was not working (he explained it better).
to our place came The mechanic
The mechanic came to our place
came to our place The mechanic
They phoned the same day, confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job, I gave the go ahead.
phoned the same dayThey
the same dayThey phoned
They phoned the same day
Now my cars gears and brakes have never run so well... ever its like driving a new car.
my cars gears and brakes run
run my cars gears and brakes
So yes, I wouldn't hesitate in recommending the team at Just Autos for easy professional car repairs,Thank you Just Autos for your help.
I hesitate
hesitate I
I stopped in today @ Yards Brewery.
@ Yards Brewerytoday stopped I
today I @ Yards Brewerystopped
I @ Yards Brewerytoday stopped
I must say, I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge, & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass!
sayI
I say
I had a sampler of IPA, Brawler, Love Stout & ESA.
a sampler of IPA, Brawler, Love Stout & ESAI had
I had a sampler of IPA, Brawler, Love Stout & ESA
had I a sampler of IPA, Brawler, Love Stout & ESA
All were awesome, & I had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers.
All were awesome
were awesomeAll
After my sampler & sandwich, I asked for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout, I must say I was impressed, with the great taste & I am a Guiness Lover so coming from me, I think this is better, its less dry & smoother!
After my sampler & sandwichasked I for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout
I After my sampler & sandwichfor a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stoutasked
After my sampler & sandwichI for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stoutasked
If you are in Philly you have to come check this place out!
you have
have you
The only negative I have abou this place is the parking!
The only negative I have abou this place is the parking
is the parkingThe only negative I have abou this place
I left with a case of BRAWLER!!!!!
I left with a case of BRAWLER
with a case of BRAWLERleft I
left with a case of BRAWLERI
Oil Change Disaster
My wife had taken her '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil change.
her '07 Ford Fusion taken for a routine oil changeMy wife
for a routine oil changetaken her '07 Ford Fusion My wife
for a routine oil changeher '07 Ford Fusion My wife taken
A couple days after the oil change, the engine ran rough, the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically, and the engine would whir loudly.
ran the engine A couple days after the oil change
A couple days after the oil changethe engine ran
A couple days after the oil changeran the engine
Turns out the engine had no oil, and when oil was put it, it would just run out of the filter.
There could have (hopefully doesn't have) major damage to the engine.
major damage to the enginehave
have major damage to the engine
All of this started after their oil change.
All of this after their oil changestarted
started All of this after their oil change
after their oil changestarted All of this
Once they realized their mistake they sent a mechanic and tow truck to my wife's work and towed it back to fix it.
a mechanic and tow truck sent to my wife's work they
a mechanic and tow truck they sent to my wife's work
a mechanic and tow truck sent they to my wife's work
I would not recommend this shop for anything, not even something as simple as an oil change.
recommend for anything, not even something as simple as an oil changeI this shop
for anything, not even something as simple as an oil changerecommend I this shop
I for anything, not even something as simple as an oil changerecommend this shop
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything, and smile while doing it.
for just about everythingthey you overcharge
you overcharge they for just about everything
you they overcharge for just about everything
Liars, negative stars!
Took my Cruze in twice for poor fuel economy.
my Cruze for poor fuel economyTook
my Cruze Took for poor fuel economy
for poor fuel economymy Cruze Took
The first time they claimed to get reasonable mpg.
they The first time claimed
claimed The first time they
The first time they claimed
However, they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings.
the car they drive
drive they the car
the car drive they
I wonder if they were going down a hill!
I wonder
wonder I
They told me to bring it back after 5000 miles.
told They me
They me told
me told They
I brought it back with 9000 miles.
with 9000 milesI it brought
it I with 9000 milesbrought
I brought it with 9000 miles
They "finished" the work and told me the car was ready.
finishedThey the work
the work finishedThey
finishedthe work They
I found out they did not even drive the car, stated they looked at it before.
I found out
found out I
They still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number.
drive They the car with me
the car drive They with me
They with me the car drive
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan (a seperate issue), but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms.
claimed They
They claimed
I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic Canever.
another vehicle I purchace from Vic Canever
purchace from Vic Caneveranother vehicle I
another vehicle from Vic Caneverpurchace I
Great Job
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need.
want I
I want
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding.
Both my grandparents passed
passed Both my grandparents
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and everyone one of us.
It was a very trying time
was a very trying time It
He is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through.
in his position as a director He is very professional
He is very professional in his position as a director
in his position as a director is very professional He
I'm sure its not everyday that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time.
'm sure I
I'm sure
My grandfather passed away silently in his sleep, and my grandmother passed away after a short struggle with cancer.
My grandfather passed in his sleep
passed My grandfather in his sleep
in his sleepMy grandfather passed
Both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected.
Both my grandparents looked
looked Both my grandparents
Thank you Mike for all your help professionally and personally.
you for all your help Thank
Thank you for all your help
Thank for all your help you
The Peterson Family
Poor service
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom 'Seinfeld', you will see it here.
see it you
see you it
you see it
We signed our name in about 6:00pm.
There were 3 names before us.
were 3 names before us
3 names before uswere
The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting.
said The greeter
The greeter said
However, we waited and waited and in the mean time, saw 4 groups of people simply just paraded in without signing there names.
waited we
we waited
This sign in policy is posted by the restaurant “no reservation, sign your name here”.
by the restaurant posted This sign in policy
This sign in policy posted by the restaurant
This sign in policy by the restaurant posted
I had to ask the greeter, he explained his reasons with broken English.
I had
had I
I could not understand any his reasons.
understand any his reasonsI
any his reasonsunderstand I
I any his reasonsunderstand
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first.
I take
take I
My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you.
is My conclusion
My conclusion is
Instructor never showed up!
showed upInstructor
Instructor showed up
January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday's 2 PM class "Beginning Yoga with Brittany."
January 15th for Saturday's 2 PM class "Beginning Yoga with Brittanysigned up We
for Saturday's 2 PM class "Beginning Yoga with BrittanyWe January 15th signed up
for Saturday's 2 PM class "Beginning Yoga with Brittanysigned up January 15th We
We even arrived 10 minutes early as the website suggests.
We arrived
arrived We
The instructor did not show up!
The instructor show up
show upThe instructor
We waited until 2:25 PM and then left.
until 2:25 PM waited We
waited We until 2:25 PM
We until 2:25 PM waited
There were 2 in our group, and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class.
2 in our groupwere
were 2 in our group
Well, not much I can say except I'm very disappointed with this experience.
This was our first visit to your studio.
was our first visit This
This was our first visit
In today's instant world, there's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late.
In today's instant world's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late
's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be lateIn today's instant world
In today's instant worldno reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late's
As a yoga studio, I'm sure you're all aware that all actions generate karma …
As a yoga studio'm sure I
'm sure As a yoga studioI
As a yoga studioI'm sure
and sometimes karma can manifest itself on a bad review on Google.
karma itself on a bad review on Googlemanifest
itself on a bad review on Googlemanifest karma
karma manifest on a bad review on Googleitself
Finest??
Really??
I beg to differ.
I beg
beg I
This place is marginal at best.
This place is marginal at best
at bestis marginal This place
is marginal This place at best
Not very welcoming and focused mostly on keeping little kids entertained.
I was not impressed, and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses.
was not impressedI
I was not impressed
I understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on an indoor course, because yes, it is not the same, but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve.
I understand
understand I
I don't want to waste my time on routes set for children, but I don't want to take on something I can't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion.
want I
I want
Rate the routes, with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy, moderate, and hard.
Rate the routes, with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy, moderate, and hard
the routes, with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy, moderate, and hardRate
Again, a great outing for the kids, a frustration for an out of town climber.
Best DJ's In Town!
Wow!
These guys were the best.
These guys were the best
were the bestThese guys
They were thorough, high class, and went above and beyond.
were thoroughThey
They were thorough
We never had to worry about a thing, and they led the way the whole time.
had We
We had
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of, and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding.
asked things that we would have never have thought ofThey us
asked They us things that we would have never have thought of
things that we would have never have thought ofasked They us
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time!
They may look young but don't let that fool you, as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected.
look They
They look
I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's, and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's.
music junkie I
I music junkie
So we didn't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night.
expect them we
them we expect
them expect we
They just really know their stuff!
know They their stuff
their stuffknow They
know their stuffThey
NEVER fear going to the dentist again!
I'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life.
By the age of 24 I stopped going to the dentist.
stopped By the age of 24 I
stopped I By the age of 24
I stopped By the age of 24
My fear and discomfort from dental work scared me!
scared My fear and discomfort from dental work me
mescared My fear and discomfort from dental work
scared meMy fear and discomfort from dental work
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment.
took all the courage I could muster
all the courage I could muster took
At the front door of his office, I nearly turned around.
I At the front door of his officeturned
turned At the front door of his officeI
I turned At the front door of his office
I considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did.
considered I
I considered
Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people I have ever dealt with.
Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people
are the most professional people Doctor Gonzales and his entire staff
They made me feel confident in what they would do, and treated me like a member of their own family.
made They
They made
I never felt pain or discomfort.
felt I pain or discomfort
felt pain or discomfortI
pain or discomfortI felt
The ability to smile and eat again can only be described as a whole new lease on life.
The ability to smile and eat again described as a whole new lease on life
described The ability to smile and eat again as a whole new lease on life
as a whole new lease on lifeThe ability to smile and eat again described
Thank you Doctor Gonzales, Doctor Stout, Eva Marie and the entire staff!
Doctor Gonzales, Doctor Stout, Eva Marie and the entire staffyou Thank
Doctor Gonzales, Doctor Stout, Eva Marie and the entire staffThank you
Thank you Doctor Gonzales, Doctor Stout, Eva Marie and the entire staff
Rocky M. Lange Retired Coordinator, Clark County School District
HORRIBLE SERVICE AND FOOD
not only is this place too expensive for what it is, its horrible!
its horrible
s horribleit
In the past, I got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces than there was good steak (and this was the sirloin!), the sides were drenched with butter and the salad was a little on the brown side.
In the pastI a steak got
a steak In the pastI got
I got In the pasta steak
Today we went for a party (during lunch, so the place was empty) with about 25 other people.
went Today for a party (during lunchwith about 25 other peoplewe
we went for a party (during lunchToday with about 25 other people
went we Today with about 25 other peoplefor a party (during lunch
It took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it!
over 1.5 hours took
took over 1.5 hours
Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad?
take for a soup and saladit
for a soup and saladtake it
it take for a soup and salad
I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others, as I was the last to get my food.
for years was a waitress I
was a waitress for years I
was a waitress I for years
I would NOT recommend having a party here or even going here.
recommend I
I recommend
Texas Roadhouse is WAY better!!
Texas Roadhouse is WAY better
is WAY betterTexas Roadhouse
Spay and neuter service.
I have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful.
I have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful
no doubt that the rescue is wonderfulI have
have I no doubt that the rescue is wonderful
But I had my cat spayed through their reduced/free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away, and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections.
I had
had I
My vet even said it was not my fault it was the vet that did the surgery, So I would not recommend getting that program unless you have an extra hundred dollars or so for antibiotics and a vet visit.
My vet said
said My vet
You'd think they would do a good job but they don't care unless they are getting paid full price.
Youthink
think You
Which is so dumb.
is so dumbWhich
Which is so dumb
Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery.
Billing Issues...
I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail.
I a routine surgery for an ingrown toenailhad
a routine surgery for an ingrown toenailhad I
I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail
My insurance company, Blue Cross/Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine.
paid the fees My insurance company, Blue Cross/Blue Shield
My insurance company, Blue Cross/Blue Shield the fees paid
the fees paid My insurance company, Blue Cross/Blue Shield
Then I got a bill for $483.00.
I got a bill for $483.00
I a bill for $483.00got
a bill for $483.00I got
The doctor's office said that payments had been "reversed".
The doctor's office said
said The doctor's office
Blue cross has no record of aa reversal.
has no record of aa reversalBlue cross
no record of aa reversalhas Blue cross
has Blue cross no record of aa reversal
The office refused my requests to see what they got from BC/BS.
The office refused my requests to see what they got from BC/BS
The office my requests to see what they got from BC/BSrefused
refused my requests to see what they got from BC/BSThe office
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter.
I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid, but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $160.00 has come through.
I decided
decided I
It was an ingrown toenail.
was an ingrown toenailIt
It was an ingrown toenail
How much could it possibly cost?
it cost
costit
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot.
is rude the office staff
the office staff is rude
I think this office has some serious billing practice issues!
think I
I think
We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else to handle our postcards, posters, etc.
We blessed
blessed We
We were looking for a company with decent rates as our company was just getting started.
looking We for a company with decent rates
We for a company with decent rates looking
for a company with decent rates looking We
They have the best rates and GREAT customer service.
have They the best rates and GREAT customer service
the best rates and GREAT customer servicehave They
They the best rates and GREAT customer servicehave
On one order, we needed it rushed and shipped to a different state.
On one orderwe needed
we needed On one order
needed we On one order
They did that with no problem.
that with no problemThey did
They with no problemthat did
that did They with no problem
I also appreciate their honesty.
their honestyappreciate I
appreciate their honestyI
I appreciate their honesty
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was.
a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it wassent I
a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it wasI sent
sent I a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was
They called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect.
They called
called They
They recently surprised me a larger order.
surprised They a larger orderme
surprised They me a larger order
They surprised me a larger order
I ordered 1000 postcards, we normally order 5000 or more.
ordered I 1000 postcards
1000 postcardsI ordered
1000 postcardsordered I
Because they had room to do 5000, they created the larger amount, and shipped them early.
created the larger amountthey
they the larger amountcreated
the larger amountcreated they
I recommend this company to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable rate!
I to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable raterecommend this company
to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable rateI this company recommend
recommend to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable ratethis company I
They have a customer for life in us!
have They in usa customer for life
in usThey a customer for life have
have They a customer for life in us
i made the mistake of buying from these thieves.
the mistake of buying from these thievesi made
i made the mistake of buying from these thieves
i the mistake of buying from these thievesmade
I paid 2k cash for a truck with a blown motor.
2k cash paid I for a truck with a blown motor
paid for a truck with a blown motorI 2k cash
2k cash for a truck with a blown motorI paid
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and "There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck".
said Their so called mechanic
Their so called mechanic said
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right?
think I
I think
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home.
rigged they jimmy it
it rigged jimmy they
they rigged it jimmy
The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing,engine is junk.
it The next day i to 2 auto shops took
it took The next day to 2 auto shops i
took The next day i it to 2 auto shops
I called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back.
called I
I called
From a moral standpoint,you guys are really gonna take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know its just a piece of scrap metal?
gonFrom a moral standpointyou guys
you guys gonFrom a moral standpoint
From a moral standpointgonyou guys
If it lasted 1 month i could suck it up but 1 day?
i suck it up
suck it up i
Grimy work you guys do.
Buy your kids somethin nice with my 2k bucks.
with my 2k buckssomethin nice Buy your kids
somethin nice with my 2k bucksBuy your kids
Buy with my 2k buckssomethin nice your kids
Best Stationery store in Bethesda
Papeluna, a cute Mom/Pop custom printing and paper store, just opened a few days ago.
Papeluna, a cute Mom/Pop custom printing and paper storeopened
opened Papeluna, a cute Mom/Pop custom printing and paper store
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell's.
It on the hustle
on the hustle It
I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks.
popped I after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks
I after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbuckspopped
I popped after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks
It's an adorable little store filled with lots of stationery goodness.
It's an adorable little store
's an adorable little store It
Cards, wrapping paper, paper, and an area to sit down and talk with someone to design your own invitations or for whatever else your custom printing needs may be.
I gave the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna.
gave I the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card
gave the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card I
the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card I gave
I ended up buying a birthday card and would probably come back for more.
ended up I
I ended up
printing, printing, copies, printing, copies, printing,
Watch out for your wallet
Watch out for your wallet
for your wallet Watch out
Watch out for your wallet!
for your walletWatch out
Watch out for your wallet
This company is overpriced for their services.
for their servicesThis company is overpriced
is overpriced for their servicesThis company
This company for their servicesis overpriced
They pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good premise.
They pride themselves
pride themselves They
pride They themselves
On a recent event quote that I had done, they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition.
On a recent event quote that I had donecame they thousands of dollars over their local competition
thousands of dollars over their local competitionthey On a recent event quote that I had donecame
they thousands of dollars over their local competitionOn a recent event quote that I had donecame
The craziest part is that they aren't even based locally at the city I'm in- they just have 'teams' in areas through the country.
I've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them.
spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help themI
Ito vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help themspoken
Ispoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them
Be warned- they'll ltake you for everything they can.
Believe me.
Believe me
meBelieve
This is THE premier university in Virginia.
is THE premier university This
This is THE premier university
It is also the largest.
It is also the largest
is also the largestIt
With a Pizza Hut, IHOP, 3 Starbucks, Chilis, Panera, and Chipotle on campus ALONE, VCU has some of the best eating options for students.
some of the best eating options for studentsVCU has
VCU some of the best eating options for studentshas
has some of the best eating options for studentsVCU
VCU has the #1 art school in America, and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling.
the #1 art school in AmericaVCU has
VCU the #1 art school in Americahas
the #1 art school in Americahas VCU
The Rams, the VCU sports team, also made the NCAA Final 4 this year, too!
this yearthe NCAA Final 4 The Rams, the VCU sports teammade
this yearthe NCAA Final 4 made The Rams, the VCU sports team
the NCAA Final 4 this yearmade The Rams, the VCU sports team
VCU also offers high-rise living for students and professors, and the historic yet fixed-up houses in the Fan are also available to students, professors, or even people wanting to live in a safe, viable community.
VCU high-rise living for students and professorsoffers
VCU offers high-rise living for students and professors
high-rise living for students and professorsVCU offers
VCU is also minutes from Downtown Richmond, Canal Walk, Carytown, Stony Point, Short Pump, and the VCU Medical Center.
VCU Downtown Richmondminutes
minutes Downtown RichmondVCU
minutes VCU Downtown Richmond
It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave reviews every year.
is the best university It
It is the best university
The U of R is also recommended, too!
recommendedThe U of R
The U of R recommended
Orr's a nightmare!
's a nightmareOrr
Orr's a nightmare
DON'T GO!
My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs.
My boyfriend and I at our campsite by drunken kids who'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springswoken up in the middle of the night
woken up My boyfriend and I at our campsite by drunken kids who'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springsin the middle of the night
My boyfriend and I at our campsite woken up in the middle of the night by drunken kids who'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs
When we complained to the management (as we were instructed to do if there were any problems), nothing happened!
happenednothing
nothing happened
Then, the next morning, when we, among many other irate guests, asked to speak to the owner, he refused to do so.
the next morninghe refused
refused he the next morning
he refused the next morning
Not only that, but he told us, via his manager, that it was our responsibility to get up a second time in the middle of the night and call the night staff if the problem continued, even though his manager did nothing the first time to stop the kids.
Orr is not relaxing, it's not a safe space, and the owner is awful.
Orr is not relaxing
is not relaxingOrr
To add insult to injury, he refused to refund our money.
he refused
refused he
Don't go!
FHS is a good high school -- c/o 1998
c/o 1998 is a good high school FHS
is a good high school c/o 1998 FHS
is a good high school FHS c/o 1998
I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School.
I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School
my time at Franklin High Schoolenjoyed I
enjoyed my time at Franklin High SchoolI
We had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs, with multiple hoods and access to good equipment; nice gymnasiums, and a well-funded music department (I was in the guitar ensemble).
Now, of course, there's a new building, with presumably better facilities.
a new building, with presumably better facilities's
's a new building, with presumably better facilities
All to the good.
For those who care, a good proportion of the my class went on to 4-year colleges, many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News.
went For those who careto 4-year colleges, many of them ranked in the top 50 of US Newsa good proportion of the my class
For those who carea good proportion of the my class to 4-year colleges, many of them ranked in the top 50 of US Newswent
a good proportion of the my class went to 4-year colleges, many of them ranked in the top 50 of US NewsFor those who care
If I remember, students went to Dartmouth, U.Penn, Duke, BU, William and Mary, Vassar, Howard, and Carnegie Mellon, among others.
to Dartmouth, U.Penn, Duke, BU, William and Mary, Vassar, Howard, and Carnegie Mellon, among othersstudents went
students to Dartmouth, U.Penn, Duke, BU, William and Mary, Vassar, Howard, and Carnegie Mellon, among otherswent
students went to Dartmouth, U.Penn, Duke, BU, William and Mary, Vassar, Howard, and Carnegie Mellon, among others
Many students went to Rutgers, including their top-ranked pharmacy program.
Many students to Rutgers, including their top-ranked pharmacy programwent
went Many students to Rutgers, including their top-ranked pharmacy program
went to Rutgers, including their top-ranked pharmacy programMany students
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college, but you need to work hard.
The point is
is The point
Absolutely the best little motel on the coast!
I've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and I have to say it's one of the best lodging experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm even comparing it to the big resorts I've stayed at!
two years runningstayed Iat this fabulous little motel
at this fabulous little motel two years runningstayed I
stayed two years runningIat this fabulous little motel
A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend, and the experience and stay have always been five-star.
every year rent almost the whole motel for a weekendA large group of my friends and I
every year almost the whole motel A large group of my friends and I rent for a weekend
for a weekendevery year rent almost the whole motel A large group of my friends and I
The rooms are SO clean, the managers/owners are the nicest people, the place feels so homey, and the location and grounds are beautiful.
are SO cleanThe rooms
The rooms are SO clean
There's a restaurant nearby (walking distance) with a great breakfast, and a market across the street.
a restaurant nearby (walking distance) with a great breakfast, and a market across the street's
's a restaurant nearby (walking distance) with a great breakfast, and a market across the street
The motel is very well maintained, and the managers are so accomodating, it's kind of like visiting family each year! ;-)
maintainedThe motel
The motel maintained
I honestly can't rave enough about this place...it's really a hidden gem worth checking out!
I rave about this place
about this placeI rave
I about this placerave
My favorite cuban cafe in Orlando
I have been eating Cuban for a long time, sandwiches mainly along with other dishes..
for a long timeeating I Cuban
for a long timeI eating Cuban
Cuban eating for a long timeI
I love Cuban coffee, colada... mmmm anyways I found this place and can't stop going there, I stop in at least once a week and anytime I'm in the area for a Cuban coffee or snack.
Cuban coffee, coladaI love
I love Cuban coffee, colada
love Cuban coffee, coladaI
The place is chill and comfortable.
is chill The place
The place is chill
They don't speak the best English but enough to get by.
the best English They speak
They speak the best English
They the best English speak
They bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it, and the meat is always fresh.
bread bake They
bake bread They
They bake bread
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat, chicken, steak, or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains.
a great lunch special with your choice of meat, chicken, steak, or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantainshave They
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat, chicken, steak, or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains
have They a great lunch special with your choice of meat, chicken, steak, or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains
And their breakfast is awesome!!
their breakfast is awesome
is awesometheir breakfast
I cannot describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for.
describe I
I describe
Stop in and have a bite you won't regret it.
A slice of heaven in winter park off forsyth!
highly recommended.
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone.
I going to Warner Family for a number of years
to Warner Family for a number of years going I
for a number of years going I to Warner Family
I've read some of the reviews below and would like to state that yes, like any other doctors office there is sometimes a wait (depending on what other patients are being seen for) and some of the tests and procedures that are ran can be costly (just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance)...
some of the reviews below read I
Iread some of the reviews below
Isome of the reviews below read
I have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration.
I several of the providers from the office seen
several of the providers from the office I seen
I seen several of the providers from the office
I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you.
for them I speak
speak I for them
speak for them I
I personally have had wonderful service and if youre truely looking for a FAMILY practice...Warner Family is the place for you.
wonderful service had I
had I wonderful service
wonderful service I had
Not what i expected!
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes.. but to our dismay it didnt turn out that way!
the good reviews read We
the good reviews We read
read the good reviews We
~It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table, once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and took a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table.
over 40 mins took It
over 40 mins It took
took over 40 mins It
Very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service... hmm There was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied, once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyones attention.
for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the servicefrustrating
frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely.
Scallops were overcooked
were overcooked Scallops
On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it....
they On top of that tried
tried they On top of that
On top of that they tried
Wouldn't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper.
Nice selection, very clean, friendly staff!
Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family.
become Hot Iron
Hot Iron become
Everyone can get the signature dish with ingredients and spices that they want and have the fun of watching it cook.
get Everyone the signature dish with ingredients and spices that they want
the signature dish with ingredients and spices that they want get Everyone
the signature dish with ingredients and spices that they want Everyone get
The staff are very friendly and conscientious.
are very friendly The staff
The staff are very friendly
They always ask if you have meat in your dish, (for vegetarians like me), they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook.
They (for vegetarians like me)ask
ask They (for vegetarians like me)
ask (for vegetarians like me)They
They don't just dump your ingredients on and cook either, but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush.
They dump your ingredients
your ingredients They dump
dump They your ingredients
The selection of meats, veggies and sauces is awesome too!
The selection of meats, veggies and sauces is awesome
is awesome The selection of meats, veggies and sauces
Every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting.
seem Every time we go they
they seem Every time we go
they Every time we go seem
Meats are kept VERY cold, seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is VERY clean.
Meats kept
kept Meats
Prices are reasonable, (Kids meals are around 4.99) and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices, I believe.
Prices are reasonable
are reasonablePrices
Great Cookies, Cakes, and Customer Service
It was my birthday and I had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience store, but the problem was it was the day before Valentines and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake, Fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake.
It was my birthday
was my birthday It
Not only did it taste wonderful, but the texture was unbelievable, the frosting wasn't overly sweet to over power the cake, and the cake itself was just amazingly soft, and fluffy, and just perfect overall.
taste it
it taste
Although I'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there, I'll gladly do it knowing that since she's been astounding to me once before that she'll always be that way!
do Iit
do it I
it Ido
(Also she has a really great website!
has a really great websiteshe
she has a really great website
a really great websiteshe has
And we bought a few cookies there too, they were fantastic as well!)
a few cookies we bought
bought a few cookies we
we bought a few cookies
She deserves many 5 star reviews!!
deserves many 5 star reviewsShe
She deserves many 5 star reviews
deserves She many 5 star reviews
Food Craving Gone and Weight Loss at Acupuncture Doctor
I am a college student.
college studentI
I college student
Before treatment, my food cravings were "out of control" which caused me to be stressed out.
Before treatmentof controlmy food cravings
of controlmy food cravings Before treatment
my food cravings of controlBefore treatment
I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving (about 50%) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment.
a Definite Decrease in food craving (about 50%) and decrease in stress experienced after the 1st treatmentI
experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving (about 50%) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatmentI
after the 1st treatmentexperienced I a Definite Decrease in food craving (about 50%) and decrease in stress
I actually loss 4 pounds after my 1st treatment and loss 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment.
4 pounds loss after my 1st treatment I
I after my 1st treatment 4 pounds loss
loss I 4 pounds after my 1st treatment
I was amazed.
I was amazed
was amazedI
I am now more at peace and my food craving is about 99% gone after only 3 treatments.
at peace I
I at peace
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend's aunt recommended it.
was a big baby I
I was a big baby
It hurt very little, felt more like pressure than pain.
It hurt
hurt It
What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring.
is What I like most about Dr. Liau
What I like most about Dr. Liau is
She talks to you at each appointment.
talks She at each appointmentto you
She talks to you at each appointment
talks She to you at each appointment
I can tell she really cares and wants to help.
tell I
I tell
I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau.
am SO GLAD I
I am SO GLAD
Now I feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer.
I feel
feel I
An Asset to Richmond
For a long time, one big source of entertainment missing from the Richmond City Limits was a first-run multiplex.
Bowtie has filled that role nicely.
Bowtie that role filled
that role Bowtie filled
Bowtie filled that role
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse, which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium.
brick warehouseThe theatre
The theatre brick warehouse
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there.
The owners of Bowtie manged
manged The owners of Bowtie
The theatre has greatly improved the surrounding neighborhood.
the surrounding neighborhoodimproved The theatre
improved the surrounding neighborhoodThe theatre
The theatre the surrounding neighborhoodimproved
There's plenty of parking, and I've never had an issue with audience members who won't stop talking or answering their cellphones.
's plenty of parking
plenty of parking's
Best of all, there are no ads!!!!!
are no ads
no adsare
Just previews and the main feature.
Expect to pay full price, and the theatres themselves are on the small side.
But if you like going to the movies, you should love Bowtie.
Bowtieyou love
you Bowtielove
Bowtielove you
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays, you can get a beer in the lobby, and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card.
a classic movies The mangers on Sundaysplay
a classic movies play The mangers on Sundays
The mangers play on Sundaysa classic movies
A great cinema in a great location.
Thank you, Bowtie!
youThank Bowtie
Thank youBowtie
BowtieyouThank
Craft Wonderland with History
My first visit was so fun yesterday.
was so fun yesterdayMy first visit
yesterdaywas so fun My first visit
My first visit was so fun yesterday
I could have stayed all day and not seen all the things.
stayed I all day
all day I stayed
I all day stayed
I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too.
I origami jewelry doing
origami jewelry I doing
origami jewelry doing I
I bought a beginners quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts.
bought a beginners quilling set I
a beginners quilling set bought I
bought I a beginners quilling set
The owner, Jean, has been there 31 years!
The owner, Jean31 yearsbeen there
31 yearsThe owner, Jeanbeen there
31 yearsbeen there The owner, Jean
What a history.
She is a super sweet, lovable and well-informed woman with a great sense of humor.
is a super sweet, lovable and well-informed woman She
She is a super sweet, lovable and well-informed woman
I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl.
enjoyed I
I enjoyed
This store is a real gem and has much to offer the serious crafter or the occasional crafter.
This store is a real gem
is a real gem This store
By the way, Salmagundi (the store name) means something like smorgasbord; potpourri; motley; variety; mixed bag; miscellaneous assortment; mixture, a variety of many kinds of things.
something like smorgasbord; potpourri; motley; variety; mixed bag; miscellaneous assortment; mixture, a variety of many kinds of thingsBy the waymeans Salmagundi (the store name)
Salmagundi (the store name) something like smorgasbord; potpourri; motley; variety; mixed bag; miscellaneous assortment; mixture, a variety of many kinds of thingsBy the waymeans
Salmagundi (the store name) something like smorgasbord; potpourri; motley; variety; mixed bag; miscellaneous assortment; mixture, a variety of many kinds of thingsmeans By the way
Great name for a great store!
Shop Local!
Barbara Quimba 1/30/10
the 2010 Genesis is grrrrrrrreeeaaat!
is grrrrrrrreeeaaatthe 2010 Genesis
the 2010 Genesis is grrrrrrrreeeaaat
I am a proud owner of a brand new 2010 Hyundai Genesis.
I am a proud owner
am a proud owner I
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her.
seen I this car
this car I seen
seen this car I
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager.
her asked I
asked I her
her I asked
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog, I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention.
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying, " was I gotta have it!"
We got
got We
I thouhgt it would be out of my price range but they really worked with me and now I couldnt be happier.
I thouhgt
thouhgt I
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer.
at what they do are really good Jeff and Craig
Jeff and Craig at what they do are really good
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do
Definitely go see them!
Bait and switch, untrained workers
Called the Bonanza store 2 weeks ago, before I ripped out 350sqft of ceramic tile... was told I would need a "dual head concrete grinder" to remove thinset and make a nice "finished" look (ready for concrete stain).
Called the Bonanza store
the Bonanza store Called
Was quoted $55 all inclusive of grinder inserts, etc.
quoted $55 all inclusive of grinder inserts, etc
$55 all inclusive of grinder inserts, etcquoted
No problem, sounded like it's done every day.
Will look beautiful.
Got the tile ripped out, call today, now all the sudden this grinder won't leave a finished look AND it's $125 PLUS around $75 for the inserts.
Got the tile
the tile Got
I can rent another machine for like $60 that will give it a finished look.
So from $55 to $260?
to $260from $55 So
to $260So from $55
So to $260from $55
Are they serious?
I feel like they didn't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price?
I feel
feel I
Either these people don't know anything about what they are renting, or worse- they are bait and switching.
anything about what they are rentingknow these people
know these people anything about what they are renting
these people know anything about what they are renting
One suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry.
One suspects
suspects One
Outside of parking being at a premium, especially on discount days, The Laundry Tub is not filthy and it's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I've been in.
is not filthy The Laundry Tub
The Laundry Tub is not filthy
Yes, there are bigger, but bigger isn't necessarily better.
are bigger
biggerare
I availed myself of the wash 'n fold service, taking just about a year's worth of dirty clothes in and getting back neatly folded, clean clothes in clear plastic bags (I'd originally brought them in, in six large yellow garbage bags).
I myself availed of the wash 'n fold service
myself I availed of the wash 'n fold service
of the wash 'n fold servicemyself availed I
The cost was certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future.
was certainly reasonable The cost
The cost was certainly reasonable
Didn't hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit.
any hurt
hurt any
Whereas my answer to the question "Where do you get your laundry done?" used to be, "At the checkout line at WalMart," I can honestly say the answer now is, "At The Laundry Tub."
say I
I say
Thank you!
Thank you
youThank
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated.
a rescue puppy I took to this Clinic
took to this Clinic a rescue puppy I
took I a rescue puppy to this Clinic
They worked around the clock to ensure that my puppy life was saved.
around the clock worked They
around the clock They worked
worked They around the clock
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them.
We have
have We
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash.
where They
They where
In this day its rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash.
In this day s rare
s rare In this day
I would strongly suggest you give them the chance to prove to you that not all people in this world are evil!
suggest I
I suggest
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals.
to another vet I go
I go to another vet
to another vet go I
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them!
live I
I live
Infact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my animals and I are treated.
I simply because of how my animals and I are treatedInfact look
Infact simply because of how my animals and I are treatedI look
look I Infact simply because of how my animals and I are treated
Okay, here's the scoop.
the scoophere's
here's the scoop
I'ma regular at the HH.
I'ma regular
'ma regular I
The food is excellent, the serivce is horrible.
is excellentThe food
The food is excellent
I think they're still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking... not in any hurry.
think I
I think
In my experience the food has been excellent (for the most part).
In my experience been excellent the food (for the most part)
In my experience the food (for the most part)been excellent
been excellent In my experience the food (for the most part)
However, the bartenders/waitresses definately need to be re-trained (if they ever had any to begin with) and learn two things: only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting.
the bartenders/waitresses need
need the bartenders/waitresses
In some cases the result is because of understaffing, in some cases the staff just doesn't care/know better.
They must also get something to keep take-out warm, so it's not room temperature at best when you get it home.
They something get
something get They
They get something
You just have to know what you're getting into when you go.
You have
have You
Nice local pub, excellent food (especially wings), and don't go if you have a limited amount of time.
Trust The Midas Touch
The Midas Touch Trust
Trust The Midas Touch
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles, I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else!
trust I this Midas store with all my vehicles
this Midas store with all my vehiclestrust I
I trust with all my vehiclesthis Midas store
the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money.
the staff is very personable
is very personable the staff
This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner.
is however a very busy shop This
This is however a very busy shop
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them!
at some of these other comments look I
at some of these other comments I look
look I at some of these other comments
Like the girl with the fuse problem...
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed its electrical!
Midas the most high tech equipment in town has
has the most high tech equipment in town Midas
has Midas the most high tech equipment in town
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal.
understand you
you understand
I will continue going to Dave at Midas because he is one of the most honest business owners in this town!
continue I
I continue
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust!
you have
have you
We decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls-- live scallop sashimi, duck breast nigiri with foie gras, panko mussels-- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price.
decided We
We decided
Additionally we tried the Logan Circle roll, spicy crab and tuna roll, and sweet potato tempura roll ($15, $10, and $3.75 respectively).
tried the Logan Circle roll, spicy crab and tuna roll, and sweet potato tempura roll ($15, $10, and $3.75 respectively)we
we the Logan Circle roll, spicy crab and tuna roll, and sweet potato tempura roll ($15, $10, and $3.75 respectively)tried
tried we the Logan Circle roll, spicy crab and tuna roll, and sweet potato tempura roll ($15, $10, and $3.75 respectively)
The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise: cheap and delicious, the only thing we tried that I would say was well worth it and a great value (and I never get vegetarian rolls).
was actually a great surpriseThe sweet potato tempura roll
The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise
The other rolls weren't at all special, especially given their pricing.
The bottom line is that the food isn't great and is relatively high-priced.
is The bottom line
The bottom line is
The service is solicitous, the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out-of-place flat-screen TV playing football.
is solicitousThe service
The service is solicitous
But I'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut.
Igo
go I
It's just not worth it.
It's just not worth it
's just not worth itIt
Itit's just not worth
Don't Expect Sleep or Courtesy
Expect Sleep or Courtesy
Sleep or Courtesy Expect
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007.
for 2 nights at this hotel I booked in Oct 2007
in Oct 2007I for 2 nights at this hotel booked
booked for 2 nights at this hotel I in Oct 2007
At 3:15 am on night #2, the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room.
in my roomactivated on night #2the fire alarm and strobe light At 3:15 am
At 3:15 am activated the fire alarm and strobe light on night #2in my room
At 3:15 am on night #2in my roomactivated the fire alarm and strobe light
These are not household type alarms.
When they sound off, it is a true audio/visual experience.
I called the front desk and got no answer.
called I the front desk
the front desk called I
I the front desk called
After checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none, I decided to just pack up and leave.
I decided
decided I
The desk agent actually argued with me, claiming that no such alarm had gone off (as if I would make that up?).
argued The desk agent with me
argued with meThe desk agent
with meThe desk agent argued
He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded, so only 4 guests were effected (no big deal to him).
He admitted
admitted He
This little drip offered no apologies whatsoever, and even refused to give me the name of the manager until I pressed him for it 3 times.
This little drip no apologies whatsoeveroffered
This little drip offered no apologies whatsoever
no apologies whatsoeverThis little drip offered
This hotel is adequate enough, but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management.
is adequate enoughThis hotel
This hotel is adequate enough
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night.
Poor Service, Lack of Passion: Do NOT go
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care, patient-doctor communication, and just the overall level of services.
I back in 2000 began
began back in 2000 I
back in 2000 I began
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office.
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient
starts The poor quality at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient
at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient starts The poor quality
It took them nearly two months to complete a simple task, and countless calls from my part due to their lack of response and passion (not that it's a requirement for the job, but it helps to at least pretend to be helpful).
nearly two months to complete a simple task, and countless calls from my part due to their lack of response and passion took them
them took nearly two months to complete a simple task, and countless calls from my part due to their lack of response and passion
nearly two months to complete a simple task, and countless calls from my part due to their lack of response and passion them took
Also, I was promised to have my test results emailed to me, but it never happened, and after a few attempts to get Dr. Romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition, I finally gave up and went to a different doctor.
I promised
promised I
Please do not go there if it's professional, friendly, diligent medical services you're looking for.
Save yourself the trouble, money and time and visit a more caring facility/doctor.
the trouble, money and time yourself Save
the trouble, money and time Save yourself
Save yourself the trouble, money and time
The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn, but advertised all over NY/NJ, including Fort Lee.
The moving company in Brooklynbased
in BrooklynThe moving company based
The moving company based in Brooklyn
When the guys arrived (2 hours later than agreed) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $100 for them to drive back from your destination.
they told
told they
That was not in agreement eather, but they realy demand it.
in agreement That
That in agreement
And another $100 for wrapping the furniture.
So totalling $212 just for start before any work started.
just for start totalling $212
totalling just for start $212
just for start $212 totalling
Guess what, was not in the initial agreement as well.
whatGuess
Guess what
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track (from 2pm-8pm).
moving out I from 2 bdr apartment
I from 2 bdr apartment moving out
moving out from 2 bdr apartment I
The only reason I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken.
So I still can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially.
I recomend them
them I recomend
them recomend I
One more thing, they don't take any credit cards or checks.
You have to pay CASH ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination.
You have
have You
Worst Apartments EVER
We lived here for 2 years, the first year or so was okay.
We lived for 2 years
for 2 yearsWe lived
lived for 2 yearsWe
Then, the more power they gave to Linda, the worse the place got.
the place got
gotthe place
We were always having our water shut off, there were always people having parties at the pool, even after it was supposed to be closed.
We having
having We
The pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11:45 yelling, playing music and do who-knows-what in the dark corners of the pool.
The pool supposed
supposed The pool
Then, when we moved out, we cleaned the apartment top to bottom, they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees (and we never got our deposit back) and past utilities (that were already paid, we have check numbers and records of this).
cleaned top to bottomwe the apartment
cleaned the apartment top to bottomwe
cleaned the apartment we top to bottom
Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy, rude people that live there, not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others.
is the rudest person Linda
Linda is the rudest person
Do not live here, you will regret it!
The Worst Experience Ever!!!
I have worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and You, and it started out as a decent experience.
worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and YouI
at Decor and Youworked with Ted Jurek I
with Ted Jurek at Decor and YouI worked
He was referred to me by a friend, who didn't have the best experience with Ted, but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end.
by a friend, who didn't have the best experience with Ted, but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the endHe to me referred
by a friend, who didn't have the best experience with Ted, but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the endto me He referred
to me He by a friend, who didn't have the best experience with Ted, but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the endreferred
I figure I would give this company a chance.
I figure
figure I
However, after giving a required $500.00 (NON REFUNDABLE) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas, I was sorry I did.
I was sorry
was sorry I
We met a couple of weeks later, Ted was late.
We met
met We
He brought fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all came way over budget.
He brought fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all came way over budget
brought fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all came way over budgetHe
brought He fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all came way over budget
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with, there was basically no design.
was no designBy the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with
was By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work withno design
no designwas By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with
Just curtains and a couple of accessories.
WHAT IS THAT?????
WHAT IS THAT
THATWHAT IS
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it.
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it
with nothing to show for itThis company is way too expensive
with nothing to show for itis way too expensive This company
Please everyone....take heed and don't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget...
everyonetake heed
take heed everyone
take everyoneheed
This is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket
is just a way This
This is just a way
Horrible.
Horrible.
When we walked in, the person behind desk said: "oh well, you must wait, I am in the middle of something."
the person behind desk said
saidthe person behind desk
After a good few minutes, he asked: "what do you want?"
askedAfter a good few minuteshe
After a good few minutesaskedhe
he askedAfter a good few minutes
Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked.
he asked
asked he
I asked if this hotel had smoking rooms.
I asked
asked I
He immediately said "no, there is a $50 deposit now!"
said He
He said
Sure enough he charged it to the credit card.
he it charged to the credit card
he it to the credit cardcharged
he charged it to the credit card
When I inquired he rudely replied "in the morning when things are checked out you'll get it back."
he replied
replied he
I called customer service about it because the website specifically states that there are no other charges at the check-in.
I customer service called about it
customer service I about it called
about it called customer service I
I also mentioned to the reception person.
mentioned to the reception personI
I mentioned to the reception person
to the reception personI mentioned
He responded "we have problem with 'people'".
He responded
responded He
Imagine a hotel having problems with people.
Imagine a hotel having problems with people
a hotel having problems with peopleImagine
I finally alerted him to his rudeness.
him alerted to his rudenessI
to his rudenessalerted him I
I alerted to his rudenesshim
He said he's had a long and bad day.
said He
He said
We had no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can.
had no choice but to stay We
no choice but to stay had We
had We no choice but to stay
Don't stay there.
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also.
I came
came I
My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night, catch up on our lives evening.
My friend and I were
were My friend and I
We live within 20 miles of the hotel and wanted to get away from our responsibilities for the night.
within 20 miles of the hotel We live
within 20 miles of the hotel live We
live within 20 miles of the hotel We
Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this.
had my husband and I
my husband and I had
My friend called the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her.
called My friend the hotel
My friend the hotel called
called the hotel My friend
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours.
They said
said They
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still wouldn't budge.
them I called
I them called
them called I
Times are hard, I know, but they had no compassion.
are hardTimes
Times are hard
I called 3 times to talked to a manager, never a call back.
3 times called I
3 times I called
I 3 times called
I emailed 4 times, never a response.
emailed I 4 times
I emailed 4 times
4 timesI emailed
In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet's that expressed their sympathy, this hotel did nothing.
attached the letter from the Vet's that expressed their sympathyIn one of the emails I
I In one of the emails attached the letter from the Vet's that expressed their sympathy
I attached In one of the emails the letter from the Vet's that expressed their sympathy
I even emailed Mackinaw Tourist and nothing.
Mackinaw Tourist emailed I
emailed I Mackinaw Tourist
emailed Mackinaw Tourist I
I am sure this is a good place to stay from reading the other reviews, but if something unexpected happens in your life, they will not care.
am sure I
I am sure
Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford, England.
New Yorker I
I New Yorker
I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza.
thought I
I thought
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant, and I have to get a whole pie.
I thought
thought I
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC.
thought I
I thought
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around.
went on a trip to Glasgow I
I went on a trip to Glasgow
on a trip to Glasgow I went
I saw this place and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL.
saw this place I
I this place saw
this place saw I
I knew I had found the real deal, big pies, sold by the slice, with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front.
I knew
knew I
They have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano.
have They crushed red pepper flakes and oregano
They crushed red pepper flakes and oreganohave
have crushed red pepper flakes and oreganoThey
So I ordered a slice.
ordered a sliceI
a sliceI ordered
I a sliceordered
It tasted like I just flew back home.
tasted It
It tasted
I dunno how they did it, but Scottish friends--- this is THE REAL DEAL.
I no
no I
I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it.
I congratulated this establishment
congratulated this establishment I
this establishment congratulated I
That being said, I don't know how their delivery service is.
I know
know I
They might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza, scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me.
want They
They want
Good food, good wait staff, poor management
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia's on Greenfield Ave.
visited for dinner on 7/26/08 We
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner
visited on 7/26/08 We for dinner
The food was good, and so was our waitress.
was goodThe food
The food was good
When it came time to pay the bill up front, they would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip (which I have done with any other restaurant I've gotten a gift certificate for.)
me let they
let me they
they let me
I then asked if I could have money back in cash.
I asked
asked I
The person went to go check with the manager, who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there.
The person went
went The person
Her answer was short and manner rather rude.
was short Her answer
Her answer was short
Sorry for interrupting I guess.
The cashier was also short, unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time.
The cashier was also short
was also shortThe cashier
There were no other options available (I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy.
were no other options available
no other options available were
I will not be visiting Mama Mia's again.
I visiting Mama Mia's
Mama Mia's I visiting
I Mama Mia's visiting
There are other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much more.
other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much moreare
are other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much more
DINING AT TEXAS ROADHOUSE
AT TEXAS ROADHOUSE DINING
DINING AT TEXAS ROADHOUSE
TEXAS ROADHOUSE HAS VERY GOOD MEALS, THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES.
HAS TEXAS ROADHOUSE VERY GOOD MEALS, THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES
TEXAS ROADHOUSE VERY GOOD MEALS, THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONESHAS
VERY GOOD MEALS, THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONESHAS TEXAS ROADHOUSE
IT HAS VERY GOOD PRICES.
VERY GOOD PRICESHAS IT
HAS VERY GOOD PRICESIT
HAS IT VERY GOOD PRICES
ON A BAD NOTE THE WAITING AREA IS NOT ENJOYABLE OR ENOUGH SEATS.
THE WAITING AREA ON A BAD NOTE IS NOT ENJOYABLE
IS NOT ENJOYABLE ON A BAD NOTE THE WAITING AREA
THE WAITING AREA IS NOT ENJOYABLE ON A BAD NOTE
ALSO, THERE SHOULD NOT BE PEANUTS ALL OVER THE FLOOR.
ALL OVER THE FLOORPEANUTS BE
BE PEANUTS ALL OVER THE FLOOR
PEANUTS ALL OVER THE FLOORBE
NEXT, THERE SHOULD ONLY BE ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD.
ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD. BE
BE ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD.
ITS NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT.
S NOT A BIG DEAL IT
ITS NOT A BIG DEAL
I HAD TO ASK THE GIRL WHO BROUGHT MY FOOD AND SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO LET ME KNOW.
HAD I
I HAD
I HAD TO WAIT FOR MY WAITRESS.
HAD I
I HAD
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY,THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE.
THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY
IS NOT VERY FRIENDLYTHE HOSTESS
I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH, 2009.
WAS THERE I ON MARCH 6TH, 2009
WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH, 2009I
I ON MARCH 6TH, 2009WAS THERE
I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT.
WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON ITI
I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT
I OF JULY 4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON ITWAS ALSO THERE
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS, HE SAID WE CANT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .
CAME THE MANAGER
THE MANAGER CAME
IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL.
IN MY OPINION FROM THE BILLTOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS
IN MY OPINION TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL
TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS IN MY OPINION FROM THE BILL
BUT EVERYONE HAS THERE OWN WAY!!!!!!
EVERYONE THERE OWN WAYHAS
THERE OWN WAYEVERYONE HAS
EVERYONE HAS THERE OWN WAY
Mezza Luna FTW!
their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls.
than the pizza rollstheir mezza luna's are deffly better
are deffly better than the pizza rollstheir mezza luna's
their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls
its like a pizza roll, but they just toss ham and cheese inside.
pizza rollit
itpizza roll
it seems like its healthier too, but its prolly not.
also, you can call em ahead of time, and then go to pick up ur food, or have it delivered**.
you call em
you em call
em you call
that cuts down on teh wait time, cus u can do other stuff while ur waiting.
cuts down that on teh wait time
that cuts down on teh wait time
that on teh wait timecuts down
it usually takes 20mins for a mezza luna, as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix.
20mins for a mezza lunatakes
takes 20mins for a mezza luna
20mins takes for a mezza luna
their pizza was a little salty for me, but its still good.
they do that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for +32 delicious.
do that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for +32 deliciousthey
do they that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for +32 delicious
that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for +32 deliciousthey do
anyways, the mezza luna: you should try it.
it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to hunger.
runs you it about 4 bucks
you it about 4 bucks runs
it about 4 bucks runs you
**Edit: Living on campus at Clarkson University, I have had food delivered before.
This was back between '05 and '09 and I don't remember how many times we've had it delivered.
between '05 This
This between '05
Perhaps they don't deliver anymore, but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup.
deliver they
they deliver
My 2004 x-type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade.
to 100,000 miles My 2004 x-type close
My 2004 x-type to 100,000 miles close
My 2004 x-type close to 100,000 miles
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF.
my wife and daughter sent I
I sent my wife and daughter
I my wife and daughter sent
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out.
with my wife was very pleasant Michael Chestney
Michael Chestney was very pleasant with my wife
was very pleasant with my wife Michael Chestney
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael.
I went that afternoon
went that afternoon I
that afternoon I went
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive.
me showed the car I was interested in He
He the car I was interested in me showed
me He showed the car I was interested in
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade-in and the price of the 09 XF.
loved the car I
I the car loved
loved I the car
The entire negotiation took about 20 minutes.
about 20 minutestook The entire negotiation
The entire negotiation about 20 minutestook
took about 20 minutesThe entire negotiation
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides.
10 minutes of paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF.
I have purchased over 15 vehicles (cars, rvs, and boats) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best.
purchased over 15 vehicles (cars, rvs, and boats) I in my lifetime
in my lifetime purchased over 15 vehicles (cars, rvs, and boats) I
I purchased over 15 vehicles (cars, rvs, and boats) in my lifetime
Friendly, knowledgeable, and above all fair.
That's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3.
's all That
That's all
Thanks for the great deal and the great car!
Identity Theft
Myself and my fiance's identity was stolen from the office staff.
Myself and my fiance's identity stolen from the office staff
stolen Myself and my fiance's identity from the office staff
Myself and my fiance's identity from the office staffstolen
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual.
told by a detective We
by a detective told We
We told by a detective
Luckily they caught the crooks before they did one on us.
caught they the crooks
caught the crooks they
the crooks caught they
It was a black female that use to work in the office.
was a black female It
It was a black female
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work.
the information She stole
stole She the information
She the information stole
The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it.
one day pulled The other guy
The other guy pulled one day
pulled The other guy one day
Thats how they were caught.
s That
Thats
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments.
They both went to jail
to jail They both went
They both to jail went
The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers.
belonged to a gang of hookersThe apartment across from mine
to a gang of hookersThe apartment across from mine belonged
The apartment across from mine to a gang of hookersbelonged
Nobody lived there.
lived Nobody
Nobody lived
A girl would show up, then a guy in a nice car would show up.
show upA girl
A girl show up
Short time later the guy would leave, then the girlleave .
leavethe guy
the guy leave
My apartment was usually quiet.
My apartment was usually quiet
was usually quietMy apartment
I lived in one that did not face the parking lot.
in one that did not face the parking lotI lived
I in one that did not face the parking lotlived
lived in one that did not face the parking lotI
Parking spaces are just big enough for a Mini Cooper.
are just big enough for a Mini CooperParking spaces
Parking spaces for a Mini Cooperare just big enough
are just big enough Parking spaces for a Mini Cooper
It sucked having an SUV.
If I found a spot, I couldnt fit in it.
fit in itI
in itfit I
in itI fit
Gates worked 30% of the time at best.
Gates 30% of the time at bestworked
worked 30% of the time at bestGates
30% of the time at bestGates worked
Bugs were a small problem, nothing too bad.
Bugs were a small problem
were a small problemBugs
The best there is in service.
I was recently traveling down I-24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro.
with my 3 young children from Nashville down I-24 traveling I
traveling down I-24 I with my 3 young children from Nashville
with my 3 young children I from Nashville traveling down I-24
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud, he would take care of me.
was 4:50 It
It was 4:50
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday, they hit the ground moving!.
at 4:50 answer on a Thursdaythey the phone
on a Thursdaythe phone at 4:50 answer they
the phone on a Thursdaythey at 4:50 answer
They tracked down the only tire that fit my BMW330i in Murfreesboro within minutes and secured it, then they came out, took off my tire (it was a runflat - but runflats don't do you any good if they blow out), and brought it to their shop to change the tire.
the only tire that fit my BMW330i in Murfreesboro tracked down within minutes They
They within minutes tracked down the only tire that fit my BMW330i in Murfreesboro
They tracked down the only tire that fit my BMW330i in Murfreesboro within minutes
They were back quickly considering how far outside of Murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 6:30 that evening.
were back They
They were back
Thanks Bud for all of your help and taking time away from your family that evening.
It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire.
service experience It
Itservice experience
I hope I can return the favor in the future!
hope I
I hope
Alan Grissom
Room ok.
Service and Client base not ok.
Service and Client base ok
okService and Client base
I have stayed in this hotel many times, and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck, its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local, not so pleasant hood.
stayed many timesin this hotel I
in this hotel many timesstayed I
in this hotel I many timesstayed
I have never considered this a real problem as I travel without kids and can fend for myself, but when I had to listen to a (non-violent) domestic fight that lasted from 1 AM to 5 AM during my last stay and I found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours, my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel, or just get over it.
this I considered
considered I this
I considered this
I chose the later, but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities, not to mention the good nights sleep i paid for but didnt get.
I the laterchose
chose I the later
I chose the later
I was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call.
told I
I told
I will probably stay here again because its cheap and I cant afford a better hotel, but do not look forward to it and would definitely not recommend this hotel for families or single female travellers.
I stay
stay I
Was there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at me and my son because we believed he left the grandma slice in the oven a little too long and the cheese got all dried out and the slice tasted more like a cracker.
Was there this past weekend
this past weekend Was there
He preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying, "you do not order what you do not know about" and "you don't know how pizza is made".
preceded He
He preceded
It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old.
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home, the pie was the worst I have ever seen.
in the process He
He in the process
Cheese was falling off, so oily and greasy.
Cheese falling
falling Cheese
I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that wasn't so well-done (actually, burnt).
I think
think I
I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my $25.
go I
I go
THIS STORY IS 100% TRUE.
That little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss.
That little man who thinks he invented pizza my *sskiss
my *sskiss That little man who thinks he invented pizza
That little man who thinks he invented pizza kiss my *ss
Long Lines, Silly Rules, Rude Staff, Ok Food
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot.
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is
is The first thing you notice when you arrive on location
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good, right?
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos be good
be goodA restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos
I mean, that's the way it works at amusement parks: the longest lines are at the best rides.
that's the way
's the way that
Well, this may be an exception.
be an exceptionthis
this be an exception
The staff taking your order and "waiting" on you are very indifferent and have no sense of costumer service at all.
are very indifferent The staff taking your order and "waiting" on you
The staff taking your order and "waiting" on you are very indifferent
I have gotten better results talking to COMCAST customer service than with these folks.
better results talking to COMCAST customer service than with these folksI gotten
gotten I better results talking to COMCAST customer service than with these folks
better results talking to COMCAST customer service than with these folksgotten I
And don't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is, and pardon my French, a jerk.
If you have gotten through ordering, dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules, you are finally presented with what you came for..some tacos that are "ok," but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle.
presented you with what you came for..some tacos that are "ok," but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle
you presented with what you came for..some tacos that are "ok," but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle
presented with what you came for..some tacos that are "ok," but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassleyou
Save yourself the trouble and skip this place all together.
Save yourself the trouble
the trouble yourself Save
yourself Save the trouble
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac.
suggest I
I suggest
Wish this was in Saratoga--
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler-professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world-- and residing in Paris,London, New York the rest of the year.
to Bistro Tallulah We by traveler-professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world-- and residing in Paris,London, New York the rest of the yearintroduced
to Bistro Tallulah by traveler-professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world-- and residing in Paris,London, New York the rest of the yearWe introduced
introduced by traveler-professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world-- and residing in Paris,London, New York the rest of the yearWe to Bistro Tallulah
SHE KNOWS GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES.
GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCESKNOWS SHE
SHE KNOWS GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES
KNOWS SHE GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES
She was dead on-- this restaurant was wonderful--- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page.
was dead onShe
She was dead on
I can tell you we were pleasantly surprised -- BT has taste memory and each time back the food was consistently delicious -- same dishes -- were consistent.
you tell I
tell I you
you I tell
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food.
Our friend world traveler
world traveler Our friend
This chef knows what he is doing.
knows This chef
This chef knows
Treat yourself and go-- you will go back!
yourself Treat
Treat yourself
I am a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant was in our town!
business owner I
I business owner
The affordable rent makes it possible for an inspired chef to serve his high quality fare at affordable prices!
makes The affordable rent
The affordable rent makes
Unlike Saratoga.
I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself-- but the second time we went-- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were.
Cannot wait to go gain.
-R. Morris .
I think that there pretty good.
I think
think I
First of all, if you call for an appointment they won't tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one.
you tell they
they tell you
tell you they
They also don't tell you that they're going to mail you an "application" to be admitted to be a patient.
you They tell
They tell you
They you tell
I feel that the way some doctors offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two things in particlular.
I feel
feel I
Usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the following week.
seen you the same week or maybe the following week
the same week or maybe the following weekseen you
you the same week or maybe the following weekseen
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mothers father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that's a common misconception (http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm).
me tell The doctor
The doctor tell me
tell me The doctor
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice.
I In general say
say In general I
say I In general
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why.
to them I was nice
was nice to them I
I to them was nice
Anyhow, after reading some of the other reviews it seems like some of the other reviewers are expecting mircles.
If you want miracles you'll have to go to 21st St.
youhave
have you
It's a pretty typical primary care office but for the area it's very good.
They don't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices.
do certain things that are really annoying about other officesThey
certain things that are really annoying about other officesdo They
certain things that are really annoying about other officesThey do
First trip to Canada
I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience.
on business I traveled to Canada
on business traveled to Canada I
traveled to Canada on business I
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time.
for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada work I
work I for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada
This can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time.
tend This
This tend
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip.
was very pleased I
I was very pleased
I found the hotel to be amazingly clean, not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises.
found I the hotel
found the hotel I
the hotel I found
From my first encounter at check in to my regrettable check out I found the staff and facility to exceed my expectation.
found to my regrettable check out From my first encounter at check in I the staff and facility
I the staff and facility to my regrettable check out From my first encounter at check in found
found From my first encounter at check in I the staff and facility to my regrettable check out
I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves.
I enjoyed my whole check in experience
enjoyed I my whole check in experience
my whole check in experience I enjoyed
I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection.
in this area I in the future traveling
in this area in the future I traveling
I in the future in this area traveling
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners.
be a challenge the parking
the parking be a challenge
Please pass my appreciation to the Staff and Management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable.
pass my appreciation to the Staff and Management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits
pass to the Staff and Management my appreciation for their excellent hospitality and good spirits
to the Staff and Management my appreciation pass for their excellent hospitality and good spirits
Favorite place in Tampa.
Update: I had to add to my review.
I was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room.
I was just in last night
last night was just in I
was just in I last night
AMAZING!
I frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch.
I frequent on a weekly basis but usally only for lunchthis resturant
this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunchfrequent I
frequent on a weekly basis but usally only for lunchI this resturant
Well I was in for a treat when I was greeted by the friendly girls at the counter who asked if my wife and I would like to sit in their "new" dining room.
I for a treat
for a treat I
Right away they told us that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went.
told us they
us they told
they told us
We were greeted again and sat promptly.
We greeted
greeted We
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat!
we knew
knew we
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner.
the Chicken Parmesan Dinner I had
the Chicken Parmesan Dinner had I
had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner I
AMAZING!
The portions were generous enough that we even took some home!
were generous The portions
The portions were generous
I have to say the value of this place always amazes me.
I have
have I
It's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service, amazing atmosphere, and Incredible food, but not break the bank while enjoying it!
Bottom line is that when it's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service.
Bottom line is
is Bottom line
Well Done!
Great work and honest establishment!
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership, but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just didn't seem cost effective anymore.
I have work
I work have
work I have
I had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few times.
few place around the area tried out I
I few place around the area tried out
tried out few place around the area I
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try.
I great things about Phet and G&G Automotive hear
great things about Phet and G&G Automotive I hear
great things about Phet and G&G Automotive hear I
The service was excellent and personable.
The service was excellent
was excellent The service
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work.
checked out He
He checked out
The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places, plus he showed me the work he did when I came into pick up the car.
The price was actually lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places
The price than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other placeswas actually lower
than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other placeswas actually lower The price
Also, a week after the work, Phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount.
That is just unheard of these days!
That these daysis just unheard
That is just unheard these days
these daysThat is just unheard
I grew up in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic and was really cynical about city auto repair shops since I moved here, but Phet has shown that there really are honest hard working mechanics around.
in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic grew up I
I grew up in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic
in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic I grew up
He is my mechanic going forward!
is my mechanic He
He is my mechanic
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company, thus we are certainly a niche market.
We had been evaluating SEO providers for quite some time and finally decided to take the plunge with Stuart, and Ulistic.
evaluating We SEO providers for quite some time
We evaluating for quite some time SEO providers
for quite some time evaluating We SEO providers
We made the decision for a couple of reasons.
for a couple of reasonsWe made the decision
We the decision for a couple of reasonsmade
the decision for a couple of reasonsWe made
1. Social Media.
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies, but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing.
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies
with Search Engine Optimization strategieswere familiar We
were familiar We with Search Engine Optimization strategies
2. We really liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key Performance Indicators.
liked We the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives
We the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives liked
liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives We
How has it gone so far?
gone it
it gone
Well we have been working with Ulistic for 1.5 months, and have 100 people following our site on Facebook, and our web site, www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic, which is significantly beating our expectations - SEO is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional.
for 1.5 monthswe with Ulistic working
working we with Ulistic for 1.5 months
for 1.5 monthsworking we with Ulistic
We are absolutely confident that Stuart's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow, and our business will reap the rewards of this program.
We are absolutely confident
are absolutely confident We
Finally, it must be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with, because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator.
Excellent service and quality
I had Hom-Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years ago.
had I
I had
The excellent windows have performed without any problems, but that's not why I'm writing my review.
without any problemsThe excellent windows performed
performed The excellent windows without any problems
without any problemsperformed The excellent windows
Three weeks ago, burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home.
tried burglars
burglars tried
The intruders slit the screen of the window.
the screen of the windowslit The intruders
The intruders the screen of the windowslit
The intruders slit the screen of the window
Next, they tried to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a hammer.
tried they
they tried
The window didn't break!
The window break
breakThe window
My next-door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light, thankfully scaring the two miscreants away (they even left their hammer behind!).
heard the noise My next-door neighbor
the noise heard My next-door neighbor
the noise My next-door neighbor heard
I called Home-Excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window, and was happily surprised when they said that they weren't even going to charge me for the replacement screen...that it would be covered under their guarentee.
the next day Home-Excel called I
called Home-Excel I the next day
I called the next day Home-Excel
Lo and behold, they replaced the screen (which had to be ordered) yesterday and didn't charge me a dime.
they yesterday the screen (which had to be ordered) replaced
the screen (which had to be ordered) yesterday replaced they
they the screen (which had to be ordered) replaced yesterday
Their worker even cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me.
Their worker 3 of my windows cleaned
Their worker cleaned 3 of my windows
cleaned Their worker 3 of my windows
In this day and age, it is so rare to find a company with such nice workers and such far ranging guarantee policies.
is so rare In this day and age
In this day and ageis so rare
I rarely write reviews such as this one, but they certainly deserve anyone's business!
write I reviews such as this one
I reviews such as this onewrite
reviews such as this oneI write
Friendly staff, but definitely some problems
May, 2009.
We were booked at the Sheraton with a number of other out-of-town wedding guests.
at the Sheraton We booked with a number of other out-of-town wedding guests
We at the Sheraton booked with a number of other out-of-town wedding guests
at the Sheraton with a number of other out-of-town wedding guestsbooked We
Got put into the wrong room the first night, and were quite surprised to have someone with the same room key trying to get in the door at 1:00 am!
Next day got moved into another room, on the same floor with other wedding guests.
Next day into another room, on the same floor with other wedding guestsmoved
moved Next day into another room, on the same floor with other wedding guests
into another room, on the same floor with other wedding guestsmoved Next day
There were 3 adults in our room but towels for only 2, no linens for sofa bed.
were 3 adults in our room but towels for only 2, no linens for sofa bed
3 adults in our room but towels for only 2, no linens for sofa bedwere
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested.
In the second room took 3 tries
In the second room 3 tries took
took In the second room 3 tries
A package and some wedding cards were left in our first room.
A package and some wedding cards left in our first room
in our first roomleft A package and some wedding cards
in our first roomA package and some wedding cards left
They were sent to our second room and had been opened--the ribbon-wrapped present, and all 3 envelopes.
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent, but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items.
seemed Security in the hotel
Security in the hotel seemed
A mid-afternoon "fire drill" was disruptive, putting everyone out of the hotel.
was disruptiveA mid-afternoon "fire drill"
A mid-afternoon "fire drill" was disruptive
When we called the front desk about an extremely boisterous crowd in the hall outside our door quite late at night, it seemed to take the hotel staff quite a while to quiet them down.
The staff was friendly, especially the front desk female supervisor, and seemed to want to help, but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again.
Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is
I think this place is probably really great especially judging by the reviews on here.
I think
think I
My experience was awful though.
was awful My experience
My experience was awful
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks.
had It
It had
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it, but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal.
I in the car was extremely interested
I was extremely interested in the car
was extremely interested I in the car
Essentially, I told him I didn't trust him cause he was a car salesman, but he got so incredibly offended at that statement that he had to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before coming back.
him I told
I him told
I told him
I don't know if the kid had a bad day or what, but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue.
know I
I know
After that, I just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car.
After thatI tried
tried After thatI
I After thattried
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods.
played I
I played
For instance I asked who owned Mazda and he said with confidence that was GM, which isn't true.
asked For instance I
For instance asked I
I asked For instance
I mean, I don't care if he doesn't know, but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face, there's no way I'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing.
care I
I care
The Worst Chinese I've Ever Had
This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had.
The service stunk.
stunkThe service
The service stunk
I called in my order and upon arriving to pick it up, they got my order confused with someone elses.
my order called in I
my order I called in
I called in my order
They helped about three other people before they offered to help me again.
They about three other people helped
helped about three other people They
helped They about three other people
They also got my friends order mixed up and wanted to charger her $10 more than what she had wanted.
got They
They got
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead.
asked She for the dinner combo
She asked for the dinner combo
for the dinner combo asked She
We were standing in the store for 20minutes to simply pick up an order.
standing for 20minutes We in the store
for 20minutes in the store standing We
standing for 20minutes in the store We
Not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull.
was about as pleasant the wait staff
the wait staff was about as pleasant
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up.
were abrasive They
They were abrasive
We had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible.
had We
We had
I dont know how it is possible to make orange chicken, sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that.
I know
know I
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable.
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice
was the steamed rice The only thing that was edible
I will NEVER go here again.
I go
go I
Lucky Panda in Willis is a billion times better in service and quality of the meal.
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote.
no idea have I
no idea I have
have no idea I
Terrible Service
One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair shop.
We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning.
We our vehicle took for a repair to the air conditioning
took for a repair to the air conditioningour vehicle We
took our vehicle We for a repair to the air conditioning
Approx 4 months later, the compressor went out.
the compressor went out
went outthe compressor
We took it back in to have it repaired again, and less than a week later the second compressor went out.
We took it
it We took
it took We
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again, but this time when we picked up the car, the radio and clock did not work.
We for a third visit went
went We for a third visit
went for a third visit We
So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeks, we brought the car back again.
for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeksbrought the car we
for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weekswe brought the car
the car for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeksbrought we
When we expressed our discontent to the manager (that's right, the manager), did he say he would return some money, did he say he would give a discount on our next visit, did he just say "I'm sorry".
say he
he say
Nope, none of the above.
He stood there and told us how he wasn't at fault.
stood He
He stood
It was the fault of the parts supplier, and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car.
was the fault It
It was the fault
And what did we expect...that he bench test every part.
what expectwe
what we expect
we what expect
At no time during the conversation did the words, "I'm sorry" ever come out of his mouth.
come out of his mouththe words, "I'm sorry" At no time during the conversation
out of his mouthcome the words, "I'm sorry" At no time during the conversation
come At no time during the conversation the words, "I'm sorry" out of his mouth
I, nor anyone else in my family, will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again.
to Sun Devil Auto I, nor anyone else in my familygo
I, nor anyone else in my familygo to Sun Devil Auto
go I, nor anyone else in my familyto Sun Devil Auto
Well, unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out.
goes outthe third compressor he put in the car
the third compressor he put in the car goes out
Do not use this company!
use this company
this companyuse
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced.
dropped off I a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced
a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replacedI dropped off
a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaceddropped off I
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off.
asked I
I asked
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace.
said They
They said
I picked it up when it was finished and was charge 30.00.
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT!!
IT FIT
FITIT
I took the original piece of metal and rigged it to make due since I had to complete the job.
took the original piece of metal I
I took the original piece of metal
I the original piece of metal took
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back.
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit
I the receipt and the metal that did not fit took
took I the receipt and the metal that did not fit
The girl at the desk was sooo rude I could not believe it!
was sooo rude The girl at the desk
The girl at the desk was sooo rude
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it.
She told me
told me She
me told She
I explained I did not get what I paid for.
I explained
explained I
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job.
me asked She
She asked me
asked me She
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece.
She told me
me told She
me She told
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit.
said I
I said
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS.
me told With a smirk on her face she
told she With a smirk on her face me
me she With a smirk on her face told
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.
THIS COMPANYUSE
USE THIS COMPANY
There are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment!!!!!
are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment
to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatmentare
I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner's own unprofessionalism.
recommend this gym I to anyone
recommend this gym to anyone I
this gym I to anyone recommend
When I originally joined in January I only did so because I was told I would be able to cancel the 12 month membership if I was to move away.
I did
did I
I signed up with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professional.
I with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professionalsigned up
signed up I with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professional
I signed up with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professional
Actually working out there was good - the machines are nice and the classes are fun.
The locker room is certainly lacking - I would never shower or change there.
lacking The locker room
The locker room lacking
They need to update the locker rooms ASAP.
They need
need They
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away.
to my poor rating Back
Back to my poor rating
The owner was VERY rude, accused me of not reading my contract, and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership.
was VERY rudeThe owner
The owner was VERY rude
I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $50 fee (which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had proof of moving) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner.
I was able
was able I
I would understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club's actual OWNER?!
understand I
I understand
Bad for business.
Bad for business
for businessBad
I was appalled.
was appalledI
I was appalled
I will never recommend this gym to any woman.
recommend this gym I to any woman
I to any womanrecommend this gym
to any womanthis gym recommend I
The equipment and classes aren't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff!!!
The equipment and classes aren't good enough
aren't good enough The equipment and classes
There are better places on the Cape - FITNESS 500!
are on the Cape better places
are better places on the Cape
better places are on the Cape
The Salon Experience from Hell
I feel obligated to share this story.
feel I
I feel
Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation.
I Right out of college called the salon
the salon I called Right out of college
Right out of college the salon called I
Just graduated, just moved, not rich, and starting new job soon.
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you don't show up, they'll charge you.
I over the phone a price quote got
got I over the phone a price quote
a price quote over the phone I got
I had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA named Derrick.
this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA named DerrickI had
this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA named Derrickhad I
had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA named DerrickI
After he already put product on my hair he said "I should warn you, I'm expensive."
he said
said he
What was I supposed to do, say I can't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair.
supposed I
I supposed
I wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown.
wanted I
I wanted
The other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he's so wonderful, you're going to love your hair.
The other stylists around me kept
kept The other stylists around me
$400 later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the total.
my jaw dropped
dropped my jaw
Derrick did a terrible job, was a complete jerk the entire time, and I had no warning as to the price.
a terrible jobdid Derrick
a terrible jobDerrick did
did a terrible jobDerrick
I cried the entire way home.
cried I
I cried
He then "fixed" it for free but it still looked like crap.
He fixedit for free
it fixedHe for free
He fixedfor free it
I will never go back.
I go
go I
It was the salon experience from absolutely Hell.
salon experience It
It salon experience
He also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace and that they were all jerks.
He told me
me He told
me told He
That's my favorite show of all time.
's my favorite show That
That's my favorite show
I'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around.
'm pretty sure I
I'm pretty sure
Maybe he didn't do a good job and they told him so.
do he a good job
a good job do he
a good job he do
Absolute Nightmare!
STAY AWAY!
Very unhappy ...
Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA, so I did not know what to expect.
That said - he seemed to be doing well enough.
he seemed
seemed he
However, then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for.
I asked
asked I
I expected to pay for this service, but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared.
expected I
I expected
Asked why, Rod simply told me that he had to research how to do the amendment (it was an amended to show that I had purchased a home - nothing out of the ordinary, one would think) and that took time to figure out.
me told Rod
me Rod told
told Rod me
Well, that was strike one.
was strike that
that was strike
I wasn't going to use them again, but I was going to leave it at that.
I going
going I
However, now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $6,000+ despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do, I feel I have to voice my opinion.
feel I
I feel
Last year, after all was said and done, I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no/little tax liability at the end of the year.
asked Last yearRod I
Last yearRod I asked
Last yearI asked Rod
He said yes.
He said
said He
Well, again, I am now faced with a tax bill of $6,000+, all due on April 15, 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is 'well, you won't have to pay a penalty.'
I faced with a tax bill of $6,000+, all due on April 15, 2010
with a tax bill of $6,000+, all due on April 15, 2010 faced I
faced with a tax bill of $6,000+, all due on April 15, 2010 I
I may not have to pay a penalty, yet, but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys.
I have
have I
In the words of my new accountant, THEY LET ME DOWN!
Bit sketchy, sporadic delivery times
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place.
from this placeI about half of the furniture I own bought
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place
from this placeabout half of the furniture I own I bought
Why?
Because they cut me good deals if I paid in cash.
cut me good deals they
good deals me cut they
they cut good deals me
Sketchy, right?
Well they came through and delivered almost all of my items within a few days.
came they
they came
(They even got me a couch pretty quickly.)
got me They a couch
me They got a couch
got They me a couch
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly, Ahmed, was nice and mostly professional, except the semi-sketchiness.
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly, Ahmedexcept the semi-sketchinesswas nice
was nice The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly, Ahmedexcept the semi-sketchiness
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly, Ahmedwas nice except the semi-sketchiness
Then one day, Ahmed left the country, not to return for months, WITHOUT informing me.
left the countryAhmed one day
the countryAhmed one dayleft
Ahmed the countryleft one day
He also neglected to tell the other person working at the store about a dining room table that I had ordered and that was supposed to be coming in.
He neglected
neglected He
The other person working at the store didn't know that I still had this table coming.
The other person working at the store know
know The other person working at the store
I had paid in cash, and he said he had no receipt/record of my purchase.
I paid in cash
paid I in cash
I in cashpaid
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation.
I with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchasecame
came I with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase
with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchaseI came
I waited.
waitedI
I waited
And waited.
He never once contacted us.
He uscontacted
He contacted us
uscontacted He
I've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive.
Ihad
had I
He kept saying different arrival/delivery dates and didn't seem terribly apologetic.
kept He
He kept
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL don't have my table (which was NOT cheap, I might add).
been 3 weeks It
It been 3 weeks
Point is: You might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture -- which I did -- but they're not very communicative and god forbid something goes wrong, you'll have to fight to get it resolved.
Point is
isPoint
Poor Service
Run don't walk.
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger.
been one My experience with Home Delivery Service
My experience with Home Delivery Service been one
If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would.
wouldI
I would
On August 21st, 2009 I ordered furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and contracted for HDS to deliver it.
from Hickory Furniture Mart I ordered On August 21st, 2009 furniture
ordered furniture I On August 21st, 2009 from Hickory Furniture Mart
furniture I ordered from Hickory Furniture Mart On August 21st, 2009
After seventeen days the delivery van showed up at my home minus two pieces.
After seventeen days the delivery van minus two piecesshowed up at my home
the delivery van minus two piecesAfter seventeen days at my home showed up
minus two piecesshowed up at my home the delivery van After seventeen days
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered.
I told
told I
No one will give me a date.
a dategive No one me
give a dateNo one me
give No one me a date
I spent $2300 on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor.
$2300 on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floorI spent
on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor$2300 I spent
spent I on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor$2300
Upon delivery it was clear the entire set was damaged: a piece of wood was broke on the headboard; the chest of drawers was missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs; the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall; and a nighstand was missing a drawer.
Upon delivery was clear
was clear Upon delivery
How do you lose a drawer.
you a drawerlose
a drawerlose you
lose you a drawer
After complaining on September 10th to National Home Furnishings, Boyles, the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery Service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned.
me called the latter
me the latter called
the latter called me
The customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture.
was terrible The customer service at Home Delivery Service
The customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible
So I am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite.
I regarding a bedroom suitein limbo
in limbo I regarding a bedroom suite
I in limbo regarding a bedroom suite
I hope the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes and furniture sitting in someone's warehouse.
I hope
hope I
Maybe then they will begin to understand poor customer service and terrible sit up service.
begin they
they begin
Excellent Driving School
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I've been a nervous wreck and haven't been behind the wheel.
I in a car accident involved
involved I in a car accident
I involved in a car accident
Unfortunately, a family emergency required me to conquer this fear.
me a family emergency required
me required a family emergency
a family emergency me required
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry.
A very good friend of mine recommended the Professional Driving School
the Professional Driving School A very good friend of mine recommended
recommended the Professional Driving School A very good friend of mine
She highly recommended him and described him as the "Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is ....very calm, pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions".
him recommended She
She recommended him
him She recommended
I called the school most probably 10 times before I finally enrolled in a 20 hour package.
the school I 10 times called
called the school 10 times I
10 times the school called I
I had to cancel my initial lesson 4 times and on the 5th attempt the management was quick enough to associate my cancellations with my fear and finally encouraged me into taking my initial lesson.
I had
had I
Five minutes before my initial lesson, I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready.
a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was readygot I Five minutes before my initial lesson
got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was readyFive minutes before my initial lessonI
a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was readyI Five minutes before my initial lessongot
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus!
My heart pounded
pounded My heart
I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I didn't feel comfortable driving an SUV.
thought I
I thought
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why don't we give it shot.
said Gerry
Gerry said
I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate!
I you trust
trust you I
I trust you
Trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself.
Trust me
me Trust
Don't worry, I'll take care of you!"
....... the rest was history!
was historythe rest
the rest was history
Here I am now driving confidently on my own.
Gerry, I can't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear.
I thank you
you I thank
you thank I
To my friend, thank you for your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor ...Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is!
for your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor thank To my friendyou
you for your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor thank To my friend
To my friendyou for your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly Instructor thank
Review on House of Joy Chinese Restaurant
My family and I moved to San Antonio a year ago and have tried almost all of the Chinese Restaurants because we love Chinese food.
My family and I moved to San Antonio
My family and I to San Antonio moved
to San Antonio moved My family and I
Well it took us a while to find one that we liked.
took a while us
us took a while
a while took us
But we don't just like House of Joy WE LOVE IT.
we like House of Joy
House of Joy we like
like House of Joy we
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to--and trust me we have been to a lot of them.
been more authentic than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been toEverything we have gotten there
than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been toEverything we have gotten there been more authentic
than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been tobeen more authentic Everything we have gotten there
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road.
We happen
happen We
We stopped in and got some take out and cannot stop going back.
stopped We
We stopped
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted.
They the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tastedhave
have They the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted
the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tastedhave They
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls.
We love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls
We their Egg Rolls and Spring Rollslove
love their Egg Rolls and Spring RollsWe
And every entree we have ordered is perfect.
is perfectevery entree we have ordered
every entree we have ordered is perfect
Everything is always cooked fresh and tastes fresh.
cooked Everything
Everything cooked
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive.
for the amount of food you receiveTheir prices are extremely reasonable
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive
are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receiveTheir prices
The staff is also just so pleasant to deal with.
is also just so pleasant The staff
The staff is also just so pleasant
They are also quick at getting your order out to you.
are also quick They
They are also quick
You don't have to sit and wait around forever like most places!!
You have
have You
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things---You won't regret it!!
anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch stop
stop anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch
and you will go back for more!!!
go you for more
you go for more
you for morego
Karla Ferguson-Granger
PS I have noticed on here that someone left a comment that "all of the nice comments must come from co workers or friends" and I will tell you that I don't know these people except from eating at their restaurant.
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago.
We from Virginia
from Virginia We
So that comment is completely false.
is completely falsethat comment
that comment is completely false
Because we think IT'S THE BEST!!!
think we
we think
and we don't know them except for eating there.
them except for eating thereknow we
except for eating therewe know them
them we know except for eating there
Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor
Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor
is not a good doctor Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there, but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word, and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING!!
about the quality of the other doctors theream not sure I
am not sure about the quality of the other doctors thereI
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there
He was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis.
He going
going He
I had a surgery date of July 17, 2008.
a surgery date of July 17, 2008had I
a surgery date of July 17, 2008I had
I a surgery date of July 17, 2008had
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy, even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery (as he had twice stated i must agree to).
renigged he
he renigged
He later said that by 2 months he "meant at least two months".
He said
said He
Two months and at least two months are totally different things.
are totally different thingsTwo months and at least two months
Two months and at least two months are totally different things
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which i would have.
me He give the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which i would have
me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which i would haveHe give
the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which i would havegive me He
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed.
A Health Care Proxy in stone written
written in stone A Health Care Proxy
A Health Care Proxy written in stone
He also never even said he was sorry.
said He
He said
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room.
So, therefore, now he says i am inoperable (even though i am not 100% inoperable), and he is letting me die.
says he
he says
I am just middle aged and do not want to die, but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives.
I am just middle aged
am just middle aged I
I, along with my friends, consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating.
consider this doctor along with my friendsI
this doctor Ialong with my friendsconsider
this doctor consider Ialong with my friends
Even my PA i went to the other day said "it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you".
Even my PA i went to the other day said
said Even my PA i went to the other day
He said it sarcastically.
it said He
said He it
He it said
If you want a doctor who will lie to you and say he will operate and then change his mind, and not know what he is talking about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are what you need, when they will not work for you, go to this doctor...he is the one for you.
to this doctorgo
go to this doctor
What you can learn from the below 'bad experience'.
from the below 'bad experience'you learn What
learn from the below 'bad experience'What you
learn you What from the below 'bad experience'
I would suggest not avoiding Second Home based on the 'bad experience' review.
I suggest
suggest I
I'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here, seeing that they don't just take every dog coming in.
be more inclined I
Ibe more inclined
I've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was, and all the options for the dogs.
Ithis place toured
toured Ithis place
this place toured I
It's unfortunate that bmil believed that his 'perfect' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself.
It's unfortunate
's unfortunate It
But I've done hundreds of dog introductions myself (another place, I don't work here), and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs.
done Ihundreds of dog introductions myself
Imyself done hundreds of dog introductions
myself hundreds of dog introductions Idone
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively; and it's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem.
look Workers who do these introductions at the interaction
look at the interaction Workers who do these introductions
Workers who do these introductions at the interaction look
It sounds (according to your own statement) that they had a roomful of dogs, so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems.
(according to your own statement) sounds It
It sounds (according to your own statement)
(according to your own statement) It sounds
You say you work a lot, and that you have a young dog; so I have little doubt that your dog is just filled with energy to burn; and it is good of you to look for a place to take him.
say You
You say
But not at a risk to other people's pets.
You were clearly given another alternative by Second Home, to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from Second Home a couple times, getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later.
No business is going to push customers away without good reason; so isn't it reasonable to think they might know what they're doing?
going No business
No business going
My dogs are far from perfect, and one of them I believe would be a little much for daycare here herself (at least initially).
from perfectMy dogs are far
are far My dogs from perfect
My dogs are far from perfect
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this; and maybe don't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they don't want to work hard, just because you bruised your own ego.
with your expectations of a place like thisBe a little more reasonable
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this
Dumbest F'ers ever
I called dominos tonight, it rang forever, I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says, MAY I HELP YOU?
called tonightI dominos
dominos I tonightcalled
called dominos I tonight
So I say: I'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square (built in 1926) do you deliver to the Warwick?
I say
sayI
They say no, Warwick in New Jersey, Call New Jersey.
They say
say They
I laugh and say, no, that Warwick is in New York, but I'm at the Radison-Warwick.
laugh I
I laugh
And he says: You're at Warwick in Pennsylvania?
sayshe
he says
and I said, YES, CENTER CITY PHILLY, and he says, NO, Warwick is a township, If you're at a Radison in Warwick thats too far, try dominos in Pottstown.
I said
saidI
I say, NO, I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square.
I say
sayI
He says: I not know that town, I have to get to work, I'm in PHILLY.
saysHe
He says
Call dominos in your town.
dominos in your townCall
Call dominos in your town
I SAY LISTEN: I'm at 17th and LOCUST, do you deliver there?
SAY I
I SAY
He says, I have to have an exact ADDRESS.
He says
saysHe
OK, 1701 LOCUST STREET i say.
sayi
i say
he says: Why you tell me your in WARWICK TOWNSHIP?
sayshe
he says
He gives the phone to a girl, she says, I have to have your address, I say, do you deliver to 17th and locust, she says, your exact address, I say 1-7-0-1 Locust, ARe you sure? she asks?
to a girlHe the phone gives
the phone gives He to a girl
gives the phone to a girlHe
YES I am sure, well, she says, is that ON 17th STREET.
I am sure
am sureI
Yes, I say.
sayI
I say
17th, like over by 16th and 15th YES, I say, one mile west of you.
You're at 7th.
at 7thYou
Youat 7th
I am just south of Walnut.
am just south of WalnutI
am just south I of Walnut
I of Walnutam just south
She says, Is that 17th like over past broad.
She says
saysShe
YES, I am west of broad.
am west I of broad
I am west of broad
am west of broadI
Broad, I say, is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut.
Broad14th street
14th street Broad
Hmmm, she says, Then why are you calling here, we don't go past broad?
calling you
you calling
Anyway, after much yelling and cussing I hung up, grabbed a cab, and went to Geno's.
hung upI after much yelling and cussing
I hung upafter much yelling and cussing
I after much yelling and cussing hung up
Quick to take money but not quick to fix a problem!
B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June.
back in Junecame B&B
B&B came back in June
B&B back in Junecame
They were very polite, eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing our fence.
They were very polite
were very politeThey
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying "Workmanship is guaranteed for a year!".
installed in August Our fence
installed Our fence in August
Our fence installed in August
Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in.
noticed we one of the boards on our gate Within a week
Within a week one of the boards on our gate we noticed
Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of.
called We our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of
We our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care ofcalled
our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care ofWe called
We heard nothing.
We nothingheard
heard We nothing
nothingheard We
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he'd send someone out to look at it but couldn't promise when- two weeks came and went and we heard nothing.
We called the office
the office called We
the office We called
I just called again and was told that workmanship, not wood, is guaranteed for a year- well in my opinion- the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship!
called I
I called
She even went so far as to say "Your calling about one board?"
went She
She went
Well- when you pay over $1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good!!!
it you want
it want you
you it want
YES!
I WAS calling about one board!!
I calling about one board
calling I about one board
I about one boardcalling
I'm very frustrated at this point- it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked (the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer.
at this pointI'm very frustrated
'm very frustrated Iat this point
Iat this point'm very frustrated
So I figure if they don't want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then I'll take the time to let everyone I can know about how they treat customers once they have your money!!!
figure I
I figure
STAY AWAY!!!
YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!!
YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR
GET YOU WHAT YOU PAY FOR
GET WHAT YOU PAY FORYOU
They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why!!!
under a lot of other quotes They came
They under a lot of other quotes came
They came under a lot of other quotes
When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars, now for their poor customer follow-up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one-star in my opinion!
them I five starsgiven
them five starsgiven I
I given five starsthem
Lots of rules, phantom innkeeper, last minute price was worth it.
I called the "207" number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up.
the "207" number called I
called I the "207" number
called the "207" number I
I then called the 800 number (which was answered) and inquired about last minute rates.
called the 800 number (which was answered) I
I the 800 number (which was answered) called
the 800 number (which was answered) called I
They had a room with a $99 rate, which I booked.
had They a room with a $99 rate, which I booked
a room with a $99 rate, which I bookedhad They
They a room with a $99 rate, which I bookedhad
The room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor, but they put us on the 3rd.
The room supposed
supposed The room
The email confirmation (which I read in the car) warned about large suitcases, declaring that we are innkeepers, not longshoreman.
warned about large suitcasesThe email confirmation (which I read in the car)
about large suitcasesThe email confirmation (which I read in the car) warned
warned The email confirmation (which I read in the car) about large suitcases
In other words, they do not help with suitcases, but they promise totes to help.
they with suitcaseshelp In other words
help with suitcasesIn other wordsthey
they with suitcasesIn other wordshelp
However upon our arrival no one there (the inn was open).
So no totes.
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3M, no exceptions.
her head a chambermaid around the corner from the top of the stairs stuck
from the top of the stairs her head stuck around the corner a chambermaid
her head from the top of the stairs around the corner stuck a chambermaid
Then she was gone.
was goneshe
she was gone
We returned after 3PM, found no one there, and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room.
returned We after 3PM
We returned after 3PM
after 3PMreturned We
Rules in the room: #1) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash.
If they think you've taken a soda from your room home with you, they will charge you $1.50 per can.
$1.50 per canthey charge you
you charge they $1.50 per can
$1.50 per cancharge you they
They count the cans in the trash to make sure.
They the cans in the trash count
count the cans in the trash They
the cans in the trash count They
#2) If you take the shampoo products home, they will charge you $8 per item.
$8 per itemyou they charge
you charge $8 per itemthey
you $8 per itemcharge they
#) If you want a late checkout, (after 11 AM) they charge you $15 for the first hour, charge $25 for the second hour, and after 2PM it's a full day charge.
charge they you for the first hour$15
you charge they for the first hour$15
$15 charge they for the first houryou
#4) Breakfast is 8AM to 10AM.
is 8AM Breakfast
Breakfast is 8AM
No earlier and no later.
If you go later, it's all cleaned up.
cleaned upit
itcleaned up
(By whom, I don't know.
knowBy whomI
knowI By whom
By whomknowI
I never saw anyone there.
saw anyone thereI
I anyone theresaw
I saw anyone there
All these rules are posted in the rooms.)
in the roomsAll these rules posted
posted All these rules in the rooms
in the roomsposted All these rules
Snacks: uninspired bread, tea backs, and individual coffee things for a machine that didn't exist.
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee.
in hot water the coffee thing put I
put I the coffee thing in hot water
I put the coffee thing in hot water
No wine glasses.
Room was clean, but had a weird, dated, sink/stove combo that didn't work.
was cleanRoom
Room was clean
Bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems.
except shower stall which had mildew problemsBath was clean
was clean except shower stall which had mildew problemsBath
Bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems
No tub.
The Inn touts a shower with dual shower heads, but only one worked.
a shower with dual shower headsThe Inn touts
a shower with dual shower headstouts The Inn
The Inn touts a shower with dual shower heads
Don't get the rooms off the two kitchens.
get the rooms off the two kitchens
the rooms off the two kitchensget
They are RIGHT OFF the kitchen so you hear everything.
OFF the kitchen They
They OFF the kitchen
Free parking.
I'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $99, but I wouldn't pay their rack rate.
Igo
go I
Quit with the overstatements!
with the overstatementsQuit
Quit with the overstatements
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that "everyone" is going to "love" the food, decor and service.
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is
is The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav
The truth is, in my and my dining partners' experience, this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food.
in my and my dining partners' experienceisThe truth
in my and my dining partners' experienceThe truth is
isThe truth in my and my dining partners' experience
It's an entirely up and down experience, however.
It's an entirely up and down experience
's an entirely up and down experienceIt
Now, the best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal.
comes at the very beginning of the mealthe best of that unique food
the best of that unique food at the very beginning of the mealcomes
at the very beginning of the mealthe best of that unique food comes
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I've ever seen placed in front of me (you would most likely think they were condiments if it weren't explained to you).
The salatim salads are the smallest plates
are the smallest plates The salatim salads
Though they are mostly excellent, you generally don't get enough forkfuls to know if you really love them.
you enough forkfuls to know if you really love themget
enough forkfuls to know if you really love themyou get
get enough forkfuls to know if you really love themyou
That being said, the laffa and hummus are out of this world.
the laffa and hummus of this world
of this worldthe laffa and hummus
Then again, for the three of us who dined together, two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more, and licking the hummus from our fingers (and yes, those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three-person order).
two pieces of flatbread left for the three of us who dined togetherus
us left two pieces of flatbread for the three of us who dined together
us two pieces of flatbread left for the three of us who dined together
Dinner was also an up-and-down experience.
Dinner was also an up-and-down experience
was also an up-and-down experienceDinner
The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot-on, while the lamb was often dry and/or overcooked.
The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot-on
were almost always spot-onThe vegetarian dishes and lighter fare
The duck was a 65% glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments.
Dessert was... hmmm, that's interesting, I don't even remember dessert.
Dessert was
wasDessert
I guess that tells you a lot.
I guess
guess I
Oh, yes, the chocolate semifreddo was quite good.
was quite goodthe chocolate semifreddo
the chocolate semifreddo was quite good
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty, but served at room temperature, not warm by any stretch of the imagination.
The warm chocolate cake tasty
tastyThe warm chocolate cake
And my--no, I still don't remember what I had.
Service was average, but nothing special, and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly, not merely capable.
was averageService
Service was average
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests (and as the many golden reviews seem to attest), we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience.
enjoyed we a decent little expensive experience
a decent little expensive experienceenjoyed we
enjoyed a decent little expensive experiencewe
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic, unless perhaps you've never had middle-eastern food before, or succulent duck, tasty lamb, decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts.
go one
one go
PS) When we called for a reservation, we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings.
When we arrived at 5, and left circa 7, there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us.
the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding uswere
were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all, and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience?
think they
they think
MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store.
At my appointment the girl helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of the dresses.
was unable the girl helping me At my appointment
was unable At my appointment the girl helping me
the girl helping me was unable At my appointment
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses.
felt They
They felt
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model (by looking the dress up online).
I thought
thought I
So, as I was leaving I asked for the designer/dress name or style number associated with my top picks.
asked I for the designer/dress name or style number associated with my top picks
asked for the designer/dress name or style number associated with my top picksI
I asked for the designer/dress name or style number associated with my top picks
They said they were "unable to tell me until they ordered my dress".
They said
said They
Hmmm... A person cannot call a company, if you have no idea its name (since the designer is unknown... SUPPOSEDLY), and order a gown without a dress name or style number.
a companyA person call
call A person a company
a companycall A person
Do other brides fall for this???
for thisfall other brides
fall other brides for this
for thisother brides fall
They either: a) don't want to give it to me because they don't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b) are recreating the dresses themselves (ie STEALING other designers' dress designs and "filling the orders" by their own seamstresses).
They want
want They
I'm no detective but... uhh... seriously?!?
I'm no detective
'm no detective I
Whatever type of operation they are running, I'm not interested and if you're smart, you won't be either.
'm not interested I
I'm not interested
What a waste of TIME.
waste What
What waste
Aside from that little *mystery*, one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on.
was quite comfortable one of the sales ladies
one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable
Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew "exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on.
knew she
she knew
My point: Even if I was wrong, don't sit there and argue with the customer.
Say something like, "Huh.
Say something like, "Huh
something like, "HuhSay
I didn't think so but you could be right."
I think
think I
Unless you want to take the "tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere.
want you
you want
Seriously: do not waste your time.
Other shops around this city have MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT owners.
Other shops around this city have MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT owners
have Other shops around this city MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT owners
Other shops around this city MUCH NICER and more TRANSPARENT ownershave
Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service.
I felt very much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life.
I felt
felt I
AWFUL SERVICE!
After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past, I was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location.
I at the horrible service received at their Greensboro locationwas shocked
was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro locationI
at the horrible service received at their Greensboro locationI was shocked
I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire.
brought I on a Sunday my car
on a Sunday my car brought I
my car I on a Sunday brought
I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop (that is apparently what you are supposed to do, but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage, so you don't see them drving up, and they purposely block the front pull-up that all other Sear's use).
in the store part waited about 20 minutes I
waited I in the store part about 20 minutes
in the store part waited I about 20 minutes
Once inside, I had to stand around for at least 10 more minutes before--FINALLY-- a technician got to me.
had I
I had
Once I returned to pick up my car, you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting.
you believe
believe you
I had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since I was being reimbursed for the tire but was told this wasn't possible.
I wanted
wanted I
Once I actually got back in my car, it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel.
it was dirty
was dirty it
OK, one bad experience...fine.
The following Friday, I returned with my car to go ahead and replace the other 3 tires, which were worn.
returned with my car I The following Friday
I with my car returned The following Friday
returned The following Fridaywith my car I
I would not have gone back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere else.
gone I
I gone
Once again, I waited for quite a bit before being attended to.
waited I for quite a bit
I for quite a bit waited
for quite a bit I waited
I got the order completed, and then questioned the technician since it came out about $40 less than I expected.
got the order I
I got the order
the order I got
He said it was the same tire, and verified this, after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week.
said He
He said
However, when he printed out the service quote, I could see that it was NOT the correct tire, and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model.
see I
I see
So I pointed this out to him, at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock.
Ok--fine.
So I got just my other rear tire replaced.
got my other rear tire I
I got my other rear tire
got I my other rear tire
They promised it'd be done within an hour, so I waited in the lobby.
They promised
promised They
Over two hours later (and ten minutes before they closed) my car was finally finished.
my car finished
finishedmy car
A few minutes after I left, I was called and informed that "I" left my wheel lock (which they should have left in the car).
called I
I called
Of course, they would be closing in 5 minutes, so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day.
closing in 5 minutesthey
they closing in 5 minutes
they in 5 minutesclosing
Of course I couldn't make it back in time (and they apparently could not stay 5 extra minutes to wait for me).
I it in time make
in time make it I
in time I it make
The next day, no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician was not in.
my wheel lock no one find The next day
my wheel lock find no one The next day
my wheel lock The next dayfind no one
Of course, they couldn't call him either to ask about it because apparently they don't keep their employees' phone numbers (riiight), so I would have to return on Monday (driving for 3 days now with no wheel lock should I get a flat).
call him they
call they him
they call him
On Monday I called and again it was a big to-do to find anyone who knew anything about it.
On Monday called I
called I On Monday
I On Monday called
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening, but I'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal.
it they for me this eveningholding
this eveningfor me it they holding
they for me it holding this evening
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there didn't seem to be any sort of management that I could see.
are completely apathetic The employees at this Sear's
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic
I will never return there again (and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car).
return I
I return
